An unusually open and unique image of Karel Gott in Olga Špátová's feature-length documentary
This unique film feature by Olga Špátová will have its premiere in Czech cinemas next spring.
"In mid-September last year, Ivanka and Karel Gott called me and asked me if I would make a documentary about his life with Karel again after ten years. I didn't hesitate a minute! Shooting with a man who lasted more than half a century on the limelight of Czech culture thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and immeasurable diligence, was and is a great honour for me. I accepted the challenge to make a feature-length documentary film about Karel Gott, who brings joy to three generations of listeners with his art, as a commitment to this legendary singer," director Olga Špátová describes her feelings.
Thanks to a quick agreement and agreement, the first shooting day took place already on 22 October last year and the last shots with Karel Gott were shot a few days ago. The goal was and is absolutely clear - to capture authentically Karel Gott as a phenomenal singer who gives himself to his supporters, as a painter, but at the same time as a loving husband and father of his children. A man who for sixty years with his songs gives joy to several generations not only in our country, but also in Europe, and indeed all over the world. A man who has written himself into the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The film is not meant to be a parade of Karel Gott's undisputed fame and his achievements. "Therefore, it is not even possible to compare my previous film The Gott Phenomenon with this current one. Everyone is different. At least because we filmed them at a different stage of Karel Gott's life, and this will be very evident in his personal, almost intimate confession which he gave us and which confirmed us all in what kind of legend we have the opportunity to work with and spend time that is truly indescribable," adds Olga Špátová.
The creators captured Karel Gott during his performances, during meetings with his fans in our country and in Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, at a cottage in Czech Switzerland, in the village where he spent his childhood, and in other places that played an important role in his life. The film will thus be completely authentic and unique thanks to the sincere openness of Karel Gott.
"Olga has a great gift to shoot with her narrow team so that we often let ourselves be carried away by the spontaneous atmosphere and naturally let her into our privacy, thanks to which I talked about topics relatively intimate. She and her husband, the cameraman Jan Malíř, became a part of our family. Originally we wanted to release the film in 2019, when I celebrated my life jubilee. But because I had a beautiful summer with my family, I wanted us to shoot for as long as possible. Well, and because there was a lot of me in 2019, my wish was that it would be released in cinemas in the spring of next year. This documentary film is a thank you to my supporters and to all those who supported and guided me in my profession," says Karel Gott himself about the film.
Insects are up to 60 times fewer than 40 years ago
No other animal class is more represented in nature than insects. Beetles, butterflies and other species make up more than half of life on Earth. But there are increasing reports that the insect kingdom is shrinking radically. Another scientific study on the subject came out just this week, and the situation is even more serious than mankind has realized.
The study is based on field research in the tropical forest of Puerto Rico, in which American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As they write at the beginning of the report, insects in the forest today are "10 to 60 times fewer." It is the decline of the entire population, not the number of species, and the research involved not only insects but all arthropods. Because of the insect extinction, the population of other fauna that depend on insects in the food chain, such as birds, frogs or lizards, is also shrinking.
The authors of the research put their conclusions in direct connection with climate change. The average air temperature in the forest has risen by two degrees Celsius in the last thirty years and warming has become the driving force behind the collapse of the food chain. According to the authors team, the study shows that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems may be much greater than previously assumed.
The report was published on Monday in a big article in the Washington Post, which reports the new findings in the headline as hyperalarming. "This is one of the most disturbing articles I have ever read," entomologist David Wagner of the University of Connecticut told the paper, citing him as an independent expert.
Insect extinctions also affect Europe. "In our country, the decline is also of order," points out Lukáš Čížek of the Academy of Sciences' Entomological Institute. But, he says, in addition to climate change, landscape changes that play an essential role in Europe must also be taken into account. "In our country, it just runs for a significantly longer time than in Puerto Rico," adds Čížek, explaining why scientists could measure such a rapid decline in the forest compared to the 1970s.
Czechs in Europe Ondřej Houska: Should Czechoslovakia have rejected the Munich Agreement and gone to war with Germany in 1938? Three times NO
The undated picture shows Adolf Hitler visiting the Czechoslovak border fortifications. The task of the fortifications was never to stop the German army, but to slow its advance before the Allies got involved.
If almost exactly 81 years ago Czechoslovakia had rejected the Munich Agreement and then faced a German attack, what would have knocked out the most Czechoslovak soldiers? German tanks, air force, or perhaps artillery? Quite possibly it would not have been either of these weapons, even though the Germans had an overwhelming advantage over the Czechoslovaks. The Czechoslovak army would probably have suffered the greatest losses − due to blisters.
Police union president Štěpánek resigns, wants to live as a free man
The chairman of the Independent Police Union, Milan Štěpánek, has decided to leave his post. Czech Radio - Radiožurnál reported on Friday. Štěpánek has led the union since 2005. He will be the union chairman for two more months. He will remain with the police even after leaving the head of the union.
"I can confirm that this week I handed over my written resignation to the Bureau, after which I will continue to perform the function fully for two more months," Štěpánek told Radiožurnál. "I have decided as a free man who does not want to be tied to the union forever. And who wants to live a quieter life," he said.
The independent union of the Police of the Czech Republic brings together members and employees of the security forces or employees of the Ministry of the Interior. Among other things, the union has participated in police protests against budget cuts or petitions for better conditions for the security forces. It also got into a dispute with the then Interior Minister Radek John in 2011 and organized a petition for his resignation. The leadership of the ruling coalition later agreed on John's departure.
Museum in Semily returns to the Velvet Revolution with an exhibition
An imitation of a normalisation room with a television in which footage of the brutal intervention of police officers against students on 17 November 1989 in Prague is shown. This is also on the museum's new exhibition in Semily, which is dedicated to the Velvet Revolution. "The basis is to present what happened in Semily after the events on Národní třída," said the exhibition's curator, Tomáš Chvátal.
"I would say that the atmosphere was basically the same everywhere, with the first demonstration in Semily on 22 November, and then gradually more people were packed up every day," he said. Among the most active were initially a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěcha, who was the only one from the town and the immediate surroundings to sign Charter 77, and Mr and Mrs Dědeček, who were expanding the petition Several Sentences. At that time, according to Chvátal, the Civic Forum was also created relatively quickly. "One specificity is that there was a very strong group of local doctors in the Civic Forum," said the curator.
Some 50 photographs should draw visitors into what was happening in the town at that time, the pictures were taken 30 years ago by Karel Bárta. A video of the general strike on 27 November 1989 by František Tomíček was preserved, which will be looped throughout the exhibition. Ivan Hlas also spoke and sang at the demonstration at that time. The Semily Archives also lent a number of preserved banners to the exhibition at that time. "They said: Let's not get drunk with a bun, From trough to trough, We don't want violence," said Chvátal. Some changes in the town were very rapid at that time, for example, as early as December, people decided in an all-Semily vote that the square would be Riegrovo and abolished the previous name of Gottwald.
The exhibition also captures the events before the November events. "In the first part we present to the witnesses and students what was before, such a late normalisation. I think we have managed to collect unique documents from Semily, whether they are banners with various communist slogans or a bronze plaque from the then museum of the workers' movement," said Chvátal. One room is supposed to give a feeling of what it might have looked like in the living room of an ordinary household at the time.
The last part of the exhibition is again devoted to what was after the Velvet Revolution. It focuses on the first free elections. "We wallpapered one room with election posters. Those who have experienced this will remember over the posters With us to Europe or there Václav Klaus is still under the banner OF with the beautiful motto Everyone for his community," added the curator.
Let the fans be positive, Hašek wishes. Sparta will have a crack in Pilsen
"We will play at the limit of our ability, we will do everything in our power to succeed. To manage the match both gamely and in terms of results," promised Spartan Martin Hašek in an interview for club television.
In the week the goal decided the cup duel in Jihlava (2:1). Sparta advanced to the next round, which was a duty for her. She was relieved, but the gambling continues to suffer.
Even though the season slowly spills over into the second period, football Sparta is still looking for the face that coach Václav Jílek spoke about early in his engagement.
"But it's still Sparta, which has very high quality players. We have a difficult game ahead of us," warns fullback Roman Procházka.
When the Spartans last arrived in Štruncová sady, in mid-May it was a straightforward affair in the superstructure. The visitors left after a mindless performance with a beating 0:4, the biggest in the history of the independent Czech league.
While the difference between the clubs in the table was eight points before the match, now Sparta is losing nine points after ten matches of the new season. It is experiencing one of the worst entry into the season ever.
"It's not an easy situation for us, nor for the fans, who would like to see their beloved club completely different than it is at the moment," Hašek feels. "But we would like them to continue to support us, stay positive and stand behind us."
Sparta does not know if they will be able to use Tetteh in Pilsen, who received a two-match suspension in Pilsen, but appealed against him on Friday.
On the numerous sickbay remain Costa, Dočkal, Drchal, Panák, Pulkrab, Zahustel, Krejčí and Kadlec, who is the only one of the cadre remembering the last Spartans victory in Pilsen in 2011.
The home side, who have won the last five matches including Wednesday's cup in Hlučín, should be missing only midfielder Čermák. And as captain they should be led into the match by defender Jakub Brabec, a Spartans outcast.
Download free Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on PC, you have until Thursday
The link to both games is on the Epic Store here. You can also include the games in your library directly via the web, but to play you need to download the Epic Games Launcher client. You have until October 3.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original game from 2010, adding both graphic and playable changes from the sequel Last Light.
The story based on Dmitri Glukhovsky's book of the same name takes place in 2033 in Russia after a nuclear war. The Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Humanity has had to go underground, in our case to the vast complexes of the Moscow Metro.
"Take the post-apocalyptic world and the oppressive atmosphere from an unfamiliar environment, take away the vastness of the world and add lots of spectacular scripts and action passages and tradáá: Metro 2033 is in the world," we wrote on Bonusweb in a period review.
Everything, on the other hand, is a relaxing game-or-no-game in a procedurally generated world that carries the message of English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. A player can become anything from animals to trees to the planet.
You must have JavaScript support enabled to view the video.
"Terrifying study result." Islam does not belong in the West, thinks overwhelming majority of Austrians
1,200 respondents were questioned, the survey shows considerable distrust of Islam in Austrian society.
Almost 60 percent of the population in Austria fears that some Muslims are terrorists, and 48 percent would demand the introduction of a ban on the construction of mosques. For more monitoring of the centers of Islam, 80 percent are asked.
The majority of Austrians also want Muslims to be restricted in their religious practices, and say that the presence of Muslims sometimes makes them feel like foreigners in their own country.
"The study result is frightening," says study author Wolfgang Aschauer, adding: "Such a tendency towards ethnocentrism could eventually lead to the adoption of discriminatory attitudes. Religious freedoms granted to Muslims are in danger of becoming narrower."
For believers, the critical attitude is less pronounced. Aschauer argues that in Austria it is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. Dialogue and education could help to blunt polarization, according to the sociologist.
The most hostile attitudes towards Muslims, according to the study, are voters of the extreme right, people without a university education or seniors over 75 years of age. On the contrary, the most friendly are voters of the Greens, people under 30 years of age and university students.
According to estimates of the Austrian Interior Ministry, there are approximately 700,000 Muslims in Austria, which has a population of about 8.7 million. The vast majority have Turkish roots. There are more than 400 Muslim prayers and mosques in the country and Islam has been officially recognized as a religion since 1912.
Thomas Cook: Czechs kicked out of hotel in Mallorca. Guarantees weren't enough
The group's Austrian, German and Polish divisions also filed for insolvency during the week. The future of the Czech branch is currently under negotiation, and a decision should be made by the end of September.
According to the vice-chairman of the Association of Travel Agencies of the Czech Republic, Jan Papež, there are three possible solutions in play - a liquidation will be announced, or the company will be sold, or a team from the Czech branch will set up a new travel agency. "Which one it will be, but it's impossible to predict, will depend on the German owner," he told ČTK today.
In addition to two early terminated trips, CK is also dealing with cases where clients had to pay for their stay out of their own pocket, although the company is trying to provide guarantees to hoteliers. CK has promised to reimburse its clients, according to the Pope, the company has sufficient security to do so.
Problems in hotels arose mainly in Mallorca, where the company also asked the Czech consulate for help. In this context, the Pope described to the Czech News Agency one of the cases where the local hotel fired all the tourists' offices. "The hotelier could not determine who belongs under German and who belongs under Czech society. He therefore threw everyone out of the hotel despite the fact that the Czech Neckermann provided guarantees," he said. According to Šrámek, the situation was eventually resolved.
The Czech branch of the bankrupt British group Thomas Cook increased its revenues to CZK 995 million last year, up by almost 21 percent year-on-year, according to the company's annual report. It covers the accounting period from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. The company's net profit, on the other hand, decreased by approximately seven million to 15.3 million crowns. From previous years, however, the company had an unpaid loss of almost CZK 103 million. The branch includes two basic divisions - besides CK Neckermann it is also the company Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump considers deregistering Chinese stocks in the US
US President Donald Trump's administration is considering revoking Chinese firms' permission to trade on US stock markets, an informed source told Reuters today. Such a move would be a radical escalation of trade tensions between the US and China. Shares of the firms in question on the New York Stock Exchange immediately headed down after the news, dragging the entire market down with them.
The withdrawal of the shares would be part of a broader effort to curb US investments in China, the source added, confirming a Bloomberg report that had sent financial markets into shock shortly before. Shares of Chinese firms Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI were down from two to four percent.
According to government data from February, 156 Chinese companies are traded on the US Nasdaq and NYSE. There are also at least 11 state-owned enterprises among them.
Bloomberg pointed out that no precise mechanism had yet been devised to ensure the withdrawal of Chinese companies from the US exchanges. Any plan would have to be approved by Trump, who has given the go-ahead for negotiations on the matter.
China and the US have been engaged in a trade war for more than a year, with tariffs being imposed on each other. The dispute between the two countries is having a negative impact on the world economy and is raising fears of a global recession. Washington is using tariffs to try to get Beijing to change its trade practices and reduce China's trade surplus with the US.
According to CNBC, trade negotiations between the US and China should resume on October 10. Their aim is to end the trade war.
Police charge CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangrác over promotion contracts
Police have charged the former manager of the state agency CzechTourism, Aleš Pangrác, over promotion contracts. Pangrác told news server SeznamZprávy that he took over the charges this week. Czech Television (ČT) reported last year that police officers were examining contracts worth CZK 38 million in the case. Some of the money, according to police, was going back to Pangrác, reports the server. In the case, the criminal investigators were also interested in the Minister for Regional Development, Klára Dostálová (for ANO), whose department CzechTourism belongs to. The investigation into the case continues, according to the server.
Detectives from the National Centre against Organized Crime secured evidence in this case in the second half of last November. They were, for example, at the headquarters of the Ministry for Regional Development, at the headquarters of CzechTourism, at an autodrome in Most or at the agency Sport Invest. The service computer was also taken from the minister's apartment. The court search warrant for Dostálová, previously cited by ČT, said that the minister decided in 2016, when she was a deputy, on CzechTourism's expenses for the benefit of the chosen persons through mediation and outside the standard official procedure. Dostálová said at the time that she felt absolutely innocent, she did not doubt, she could document everything and she cooperated fully with the police.
According to the agency, it was the fault of an individual. The media reported earlier that it was the former director of the department of regional partnership in CzechTourism, Aleš Pangrác, who was dismissed because of the audit results. This resulted in the agency CzechTourism concluding 48 problematic contracts.
"Yes, they accused me. But I don't want to comment further," Pangrác told the server Seznam Zprávy.
Vandal vandalizes cemetery in Dobruška
According to a notice received by the police, the vandalism on the scattering meadow inside the Dobruška cemetery was supposed to take place on Wednesday between 13:00 and 17:00.
"The material damage was estimated at CZK 60,000. Police officers are asking any witnesses to report their findings in person at the police station or by phone on the toll-free line 158," police spokesperson Lucie Konečná said.
Criminals are investigating the case as criminal damage and disorderly conduct, punishable by up to three years in prison.
Hundreds of enslaved children freed from religious school in Nigeria
According to the BBC, there were nearly five hundred men and boys, Reuters reported, citing the police commissioner, that there were over three hundred children from the age of five upwards. Some were chained together, others were chained to iron rings in the wall.
Kaduna police chief Ali Janga told the BBC that the raid on the school was based on a tip-off. He described the school as a house of horrors. Starving people were held there by force, tortured and sexually abused. They could not leave, there was razor wire over the walls. He said it was a case of slavery.
Several people were detained during the raid, according to police spokesman Jakubu Sabo, who was a teacher there.
The children told the police that their parents or relatives had taken them to the school, saying it was a religious school. "We have identified two children who come from Burkina Faso, but most of them were brought here by parents from Nigerian states in the north," spokesman Sabo said regarding the identity of the victims. Nigeria's northern states are predominantly Muslim.
The school of Imam Ahmad bin Hanbal pretended to be a religious school focused on the study of the Koran.
The freed were taken to the stadium where they are provided with help and food. Some have already met relatives.
French chef sues Michelin over star removal
Famous French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star in January this year, a year after winning it. He plans to sue the publisher of the red guide to obtain the exact reasons for the demotion. Veyrat also questions the competence of Michelin inspectors, who he claims mistook saffron for cheddar. The first trial is scheduled to take place in November.
The chef of the famous La Maison de Bois restaurant in the Alpine region of Upper Savoy lost one of his three Michelin stars in January this year. He will sue the publisher of the prestigious guide Le Guide Michelin, saying the commissioners' conclusion was not well founded. Moreover, the removal of the star took place without any warning. "I have been suffering from depression for six months. How dare you mess with the health of the chefs?" Veyrat told the commissioners.
Michelin had given the chef only vague reasons, such as that the chef had put cheddar in the souffle, which the inspection did not like. "I put saffron in it and the gentlemen thought it was cheddar because it was yellow. I have been lovingly working with Savoy ingredients since the beginning," Veyrat protested against the decision. He is convinced of the strong incompetence of the Michelin commissioners: "You are fraudsters who only cause controversy for commercial reasons." Outraged, Veyrat cannot understand "how they could dare say that we put cheddar in our souffle." "They insulted our region as well, my employees were mad about it. We have eggs from our hens, milk from our own cows, gardeners collect fresh herbs every morning," he said.
The distinctive chef, always wearing a black hat and dark glasses, is an opponent of the new generation of Michelin commissioners and therefore asks for his restaurant to be removed from the red guide. The publisher refuses to do so. "If the business remains open and our inspectors select it again, we will continue to recommend it," says Gwendal Poullennec, Michelin's international director.
According to Michelin, the chef's lawsuit testifies that he does not yet have a meaningful accusation and the lawyer is yet to help him formulate it. "We regret that Mr. Veyrat communicates with us roughly, but we will examine his comments carefully," he said.
In addition to La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart owns two other three-star restaurants.
A technically perfect mix-up with a weak script. Gemini with Will Smith doesn't impress critics
The dystopian sci-fi spectacle Gemini Man boasts an interesting premise - Will Smith confronts his younger version in the film. But according to critics, the story is the weakest part of the film. The film hits Czech cinemas on 10 October.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is a top man in his field. He kills efficiently and without question. But one day he decides to hang up his career. This is understandably not to the liking of his employers, who send another killer after Henry. The catch is that the killer is Henry himself, more specifically, his younger clone made of DNA. Can one determined person win the fight over himself? Literally this time.
Three-time Oscar winner Ang Lee was supposed to be a guarantee of quality. This is his first sci-fi, but he has a wealth of experience with dramatic action films, as he did in the aforementioned Tiger and the Dragon or the Western Ride with the Devil. Six screenwriters collaborated on the script. The most famous is surely David Benioff, one of the creators of the highly successful Game of Thrones. But according to early reviews, all this wasn't enough for a good film.
"Even though Ang Lee is trying to do great things in technical filmmaking, the film itself doesn't have the character to elevate it," thinks Fionnuala Hannigan of Screen Daily.
"This disappointing film is less than the sum of all the talents involved. The weak script and plot are held together only by the technological magic of the filmmakers," summed up Stephen Dalton of The Hollywood Reporter.
"Gemini is a case in which a huge amount of work has resulted in an incredibly uni action film," Variety reviewer Peter Deburge said.
"A confused product from a bizarre idea," Ella Kemp of IndieWire summed up the film in her review.
"It's hard to care that one man is another's double when neither man behaves like a man," Nicholas Barber of The Wrap wrote.
Overview of bank accounts for children in the Czech market
Children's accounts are provided free of charge by banks. However, it is necessary to consider the offer, because some other services to the accounts are already charged. "The motivation of banks to offer accounts for children, whose basic management is usually free, is straightforward. Financial houses count on the fact that they will get the waived fees back one day. With the small migration of Czechs between banks, they are probably not wrong," says Kristýna Kuncová from dTestu.
According to her, "Small accounts" can do almost everything that adult accounts can do. A child gets his own payment card, can enter payments, track account movements, has his own electronic banking available somewhere. Banks will set up the account, but it is up to parents to teach children how to use them and also check their payment.
"Relatively flexibly, a parent can set weekly or monthly limits, turn individual services on and off, and so on. Above all, however, they can monitor what is happening on the account, whether by looking over the Internet or thanks to an information SMS. Beware, these may no longer be free," Kuncová adds, adding: "If a parent is considering an account for their child, they should consider the child's abilities and options."
Strict but righteous, the hours entertain us! That's how the Benešov grammar school students see their favourite teacher as a writer
Humanism should be present in every good book, Pavel Hoza believes. The secondary school teacher of Czech and history is also a poet, a prosaic and a waker of literary life in a small town.
Bohuslav Reynek comes to mind over the texts of Pavel Hoza. His poetry, his paintings. Bare trees, whitish country houses, quivering grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old roads and people who have been following them for centuries. Mourning, cursing, blessing. This Reynek contemporary follower teaches Czech, literature and history at the grammar school in Benešov, runs the equivalent of Prague's Viola in the local Café for a word and organizes the Benešov literary festival every year.
Wife swap: Parents cruelly abused Ondra! He ended up in an institution
It was nerve-wracking. Allegedly troubled son Ondřej (9) was being severely punished by his father every moment. "He came home from school and lied with a snack. Lukáš looked at me and said that he would kneel as punishment," Lucie described in the Exchange. Dad Lukáš made little Ondra kneel in a corner for several hours! Besides, he had to suffer like this on a wooden foot massage mat outside the cameras! "Ondřej came to me after the shooting and told me - aunt, I'm making these troubles and notes just so that I won't be here because I want to go to an institution," Lucie described the moment when she fully understood what was going on behind the door of the studio. And the boy's wish finally came true...
His condition was so serious that he was taken away from his family after filming and placed in the Centre of Educational Care in České Budějovice for a month. Although he returned briefly to his father and surrogate mother Aneta (28), he then went to a diagnostic institute for troubled children. "When I arrived home, Aneta immediately added me on Facebook, we wrote to each other for a while. She was mostly interested in whether we got money. I hardly reacted to that at all. But then she wrote me that the little one was in an institution, that after that they returned him to them, now he is in a diagnostic institute. They are both out of work," says mother Lucie from Plzeňsko.
Lightning, of course, also addressed the other side, but got only a vague answer. "I'm not in the mood, I'm sick, call back later," said Aneta, hanging up the phone.
Sparta does not want to lose Tetteh in Plzeň. They appealed against the two-match penalty
Soccer Sparta appealed against the two-match penalty for striker Benjamin Tetteh, which the player received from the disciplinary committee for his expulsion in Sunday's derby with Slavia (0:3).
Letenský klub informed on its twitter and now awaits the verdict of the appeals committee.
Tetteh has already served half of his punishment in Wednesday's domestic cup match in Jihlava. Sparta is now aiming for the 22-year-old Ghana striker to take part in Sunday's 11th round of the first league in Plzeň.
The situation from last October could be repeated. Olomouc appealed against the punishment for Shimon Falta, who received a one-match suspension from the disciplinary committee on Thursday for his expulsion against Liberec.
The appeals committee did not have time to discuss the case, so the effectiveness of the punishment was postponed and Falta could take part on Saturday, ironically against Sparta.
The committee finally confirmed the one-match punishment for the Olomouc midfielder in the following week and Falta missed the next match with Zlín.
The disciplinary committee suspended Tetteh for a foul on Glory player David Hovorka, for which he received a straight red card from referee Miroslav Zelinka in the 82nd minute.
The alleged spitting by a Ghanaian player on the captain of his opponent Tomáš Souček has not been proven.
Germans elect Keller as head of the Football Union
As expected, Fritz Keller became the new chairman of the German Football Union. The 62-year-old winemaker, gastronome and hotelier was elected unanimously for three years, with no opponent.
In the post, Keller replaced Reinhard Grindel, who resigned in April due to an affair with unacknowledged income. His other predecessors Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach will go on trial for possible bribery in awarding the 2006 World Cup.
Keller said one of the main objectives would be to restore trust in the union and get it out of the crisis. "It won't be a One Man Show, many people will be held responsible. The union is better than its reputation," said Keller, who presented all his tasks under the slogan: Together we can do it.
After being elected as head of the union, Keller left the position in Freiburg.
There was a fire in the underground of the ČSA mine in Karviná, no one was injured
There was a fire in the underground of the ČSA mine in Karviná this morning. The cause of the fire is not yet known, but no one was injured in the fire, a spokesperson for the mining company Ivo Čelechovský told ČTK.
The fire broke out at 04:25 in a disturbance at a depth of about 1200 meters. "None of the employees were hurt, no one was injured. Mining rescuers immediately intervened at the scene, who eliminated the fire by direct intervention and also carried out an inspection of the terrain. The workplace was immediately closed and inaccessible," said the spokesperson. The exact cause of the fire will now be determined by a special commission.
In the former Ostrava-Karviná district, coal is mined only in the Karviná part, namely in the ČSA, Lazy, Darkov, ČSM-Sever and ČSM-Jih mines. In Dole Lazy, the mining should end this year, the other mines will be gradually phased out as well. The mining company OKD is the only producer of black coal in the Czech Republic, its production last year amounted to 4.62 million tons. There are 9,000 people working in the mines.
Berlin responds to public pressure and solves housing crisis by buying 6,000 flats from private firm
Berlin will buy 6,000 former social flats sold by the city 15 years ago from the private Luxembourg firm ADO Properties SA for €920 million ($23.8 billion), responding to public pressure against skyrocketing rent prices. According to Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher of the Left Party (Die Linke), this is the largest such buyout in the history of Germany's capital. The opposition is critical of the move.
"The idea is to keep rents stable in Berlin and to give tenants security," Berlin Mayor Michael Müller (SPD) said in a statement. "At the same time, we will continue to build new flats and legally treat the rent freeze," he added. Gewobag, the municipal firm, will take over the thousands of flats located in the Spandau and Reinickendorf neighbourhoods in the western part of the city this December.
According to Jefferies analyst Thomas Rothäusler, the city bought too expensive. Rothäusler told Bloomberg that he estimated that it overpaid the flats by about ten percent above their book value.
According to the German opposition party the Liberals (FDP), the Berlin authorities are contributing to property speculation through their actions. The FDP tweeted this on Friday. The protest party Alternative for Germany (AfD) called the move a "waste of money."
Already in mid-July, Gewobag got back 670 flats in Berlin's Karl-Marx-Allee street, Der Spiegel recalled on its website. The price was not published by the council at the time. The dispute over flats on the former exhibition avenue from the GDR era was accompanied by protests and filled the front pages of the German press. It became a symbol of the plight of tenants in Germany's big cities, the paper wrote.
The German metropolis used to be famous for its low cost of living and low rents. But it has become more attractive in recent years. AFP reports that rental prices have doubled over the past decade, making it difficult for some residents to find affordable housing.
Nokia sues Brno firm over Lokia name. People won't mistake us, Moravians believe
Nokia has filed objections to the Lokia brand's application to the Industrial Property Office. However, according to CCV, product confusion is unlikely.
The Brno firm developing CCV software is facing legal action from the Finnish telecommunications equipment manufacturer Nokia. Finns don't like the fact that the Brno firm's warehouse management program is called Lokia WMS, the daily E15 wrote. Nokia has therefore filed objections to the Lokia brand's application to the Industrial Property Office. CCV believes that confusion is unlikely.
Marketing director Petr Ondrášek said that the program is already used by two dozen customers and has been on the market since last September.
"The Nokia brand enjoys recognition and trust around the world. When someone tries to register a brand that we believe may lead to confusion or weakening of our brand, we take steps to protect our valuable asset," said Nokia spokesman Mark Durrant.
Brno developers say they did not think of the brand famous in the past for mobile phones when creating the warehouse program. The CCV designation Lokia is based on the Latin name for one type of dragonfly, whose rapid movement is supposed to be analogous to the movement of warehouse storekeepers around the warehouse.
"In the Czech market, the possibility of confusion is unlikely. We sell modern cloud software that companies equip their warehouse operations with, and we are not really heading into the field of mobile phone production. And we do not want to be compared to a brand that may be missing the train in its field," responded CCV manager Tomáš Kormaňák in E15.
CCV applied for brand protection in August before launching the program at the Industrial Property Office. "It applied for protection for products and services belonging to Classes 9, 35 and 42, as the software belongs to Class 9, the related warehouse business management services belong to Class 35 and the development of computer software belongs to Class 42 according to the international classification," said Ondrášek.
Nokia's objection is based on the fact that the earlier Nokia trademark is valid in all classes of goods and services and thus covers the widest possible range of goods and services and therefore of course overlaps also in Classes 9, 35 and 42. "CCV does not dispute the objection's assertion as to the conformity of these classes of products and services. Realistically, however, these are completely different brands aimed at other target groups," said Ondrášek.
According to E15, a trademark dispute can take months and may complicate the company's activities.
From Sydney to London in four hours? In 2030, a possible reality
Sabre combines a classic aircraft engine with a rocket engine. It is designed to propel the plane at twice the speed of the Concordes. "Once the Sabre engine is operational, it could allow us to reach Australia in about four hours," said Turnock. And the distance between London and New York, for example, the plane could cover in one hour.
The Independent notes that so-called hypersonic flights, which exceed five times the speed of sound, are complicated due to engine overheating, but Sabre (Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) should deal with this problem by using super-cold helium to keep temperatures from rising.
"The most important thing about Sabre is that it's a hybrid rocket and aircraft engine powered by a jet of exhaust from the air," says Reaction Engines' Shaun Driscoll. "Rockets haven't had that much development in the last 70 years, while aircraft rockets have. So when you combine the engines, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and basically create a space plane," he said.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights scheduled to begin around the middle of next year, with commercial flights around 2030.
Kovosvit sells office building and other halls. He expects worse times
Because of the restructuring, Kovosvit ended last year with a consolidated loss of CZK 100 million, consolidated turnover was CZK 1.3 billion. Among the main problems last year, Kuchař ranks the lack of staff and shifts of subcontractors. This year, demand for machine tools dropped by 10 to 20 percent year-on-year. "This is related to the expected decline in turnover of the order of ten percent," said the CEO. In 2017, Kovosvit had sales of CZK 1.3 billion and profit after tax of CZK 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was CZK 719 million.
Kovosvit now offers for sale several properties, halls and land that it either does not use or only minimally. It also applies to the office building, where it uses two of the five floors and not yet fully. "Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to slim down Kovosvit, to make its activities more efficient. The sale of assets is not part of any current solution, be it cash-flow, but part of a long-term plan where we want to devote all resources to investment development," said the CEO.
About half of the production is exported by Kovosvit. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, last year Asia to a lesser extent. This year, Kuchař ranks India among the most interesting, where Kovosvit won a contract for machines enabling five-axis machining worth CZK 100 million. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines worth CZK 30 million to China. "Another contract in the same volume is being negotiated, which we would like to fulfill before the end of the year," said Kuchař. On the Russian market and elsewhere, Kovosvit is facing restrictions due to sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centres to France, a company that is a subcontractor of Airbus. This May, it delivered another machine, one more should be delivered at the end of the year or early in 2020.
The main company investment this year was a switch from steam heating to hot water heating for CZK 20 million. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average working wage is CZK 28,500. The company is looking for casting cutters for foundry, machinists, turning machines and electricians.
The company has been owned since September 2016 by industrialist and armourer Jaroslav Strnad. The company has a tradition in the production of machine tools. It was founded in 1939 by Tomáš Baťa. The company had up to three thousand employees at the time.
Milan Jakubů: The funeral was stolen by the army for itself! Says Andor Šándor
There is still confusion about the funeral of Brigadier General Milan Jakubů. The media speculated during the week that the army planned the last farewell to the Deputy Director of Military Intelligence despite the wishes of the family as bombastic as only soldiers can. There were also discrepancies about the date of the funeral. Spokesman of the Ministry of Defence Jan Pejšek denied it.
"It's nonsense! We have been in contact with the family from the beginning, the Friday funeral date agreed from the beginning, no one has changed it. Just as they pay military honors. We will still deal with the possible participation of the media with regard to the family," Pejšek told Lightning on Wednesday. The funeral will finally take place on Friday and will not be missing all military honors, including the overflight of fighters.
But there is still a tense atmosphere around the last farewell to the favorite general. The funeral ceremony will not be attended by people who worked with the general in the past, as decided by the organizers!
For example, the former head of military intelligence, Andor Šándor (62), who met Milan Jakubů 17 years ago. Šándor remembers the former colleague as a hard-working, intelligent and "good guy."
Moreover, in recent years, he regularly met him at the celebrations of the anniversary of the establishment of Military Intelligence. That is why he would like to say goodbye to Milan Jakubů. "I personally would like to go to the funeral of Milan Jakubů," Šándor told Blesk. But he cannot.
"I know of other people from the organization who would like to go, but they are unlucky because the potentates will usurp the funeral for themselves. I think it is not right to privatize the funeral in this way," said the security expert. He also does not like the reportedly considered closing the ceremony to the public because of the secrecy of the military leaders.
"The leadership of the army is not kept secret and the leaders of the military intelligence are not either, because they need to be promoted at Prague Castle, we see them there. If the information of the media is true and the family really let themselves be embarrassed by the army, it is of course a matter for the family. I personally would never allow the army to overrun the family and their wishes," concluded Šándor.
Milan Jakubů died on Saturday near Špindlerův Mlýn in a car accident. The head-on collision of Milan's Rapid with a Ford Mustang was reportedly caused by the driver of the sports car Vojtěch Ch. (31).
An amateur racer on a curve was supposed to drive into the opposite direction, Milan Jakubů apparently had no chance to prevent the collision. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the accident and it is possible that she will bear the consequences for the rest of her life. Police interviewed the culprit of the accident on Thursday.
Jan Šindelář's commentary: Running the railways like a company
Sky's election, although apparently not entirely smooth, is the conclusion of a sad story about the state's inability to give the railways a clear direction. The board of directors has been incomplete for over a year, and even after Wednesday evening, this remains the case, as one of the members has resigned.
The temporary selection process itself has been a farce from the beginning, if only because the requirements for candidates, especially in the field of practice, have been significantly relaxed. Compared to the selection last year, the requirements for the size of the company in which the candidate should have worked in the past have been reduced. First the members of the selection committee and then the supervisory board played only the role of pimprlat.
Nebeský submitted probably the weakest professional CV of the five finalists, yet without the experience of a large company, he beat experienced guys from the management of logistics giants as well as transport companies. Participation of interesting managers from the private sector was probably the brightest side (and the greatest hope) of the whole process. Today, those concerned know that they played only the role of narrative scenery in the political game.
Maybe he will surprise Nebeský, show great talent and in the end he will prove to be the best boss of the railways of all time. At least in the beginning, however, he will be accompanied by the aftertaste of political travesty. Czech Railways does not expect an easy period, it has to cope with competition in market liberalization and lack of employees in operation. Train drivers, shifters and mechanics are missing. What motivation should they have for further work and respect for management, when the state behaves like an elephant in a china shop in the top management?
The other important group is creditors. How they interpret the games at the head of the railways will be seen next spring when the railways defend the rating. What is certain is that creditors perceive instability. Sadly, someone else comes to Moody's agency to defend the rating every year for Czech Railways. The agency has not missed the frequent changes in the management of the railways and the political influence on the company, it criticized them already this summer.
Among other things, the ANO movement spells out the slogan that the state must be run as a company. For a start, it would be enough if it managed one big state company as a company and not as a state. Czech Railways is still one of the largest companies in the country and it would be good if the best ones led it. They applied, but the state scorned them. It can certainly be argued that the post at the head of the railways has always been a political matter. But then we can avoid the antics of the selection procedure.
The pair wrapped tape around the dog and drowned her in the river, the bag was found by children
The case took place at the end of July in the village around Valašské Klobouk. A 27-year-old woman brought home a donated dog, one to two years old, which she wanted to take care of. But her ten-year-old partner didn't like the fact that it was a dog, so he decided to get rid of her.
"He wrapped the animal with duct tape and rope and significantly eliminated its vocal expression. He put the dog in a jute bag, which he tied up. Then they took the animal together to the river, where they threw it in the bag. At the moment when the dog was thrown into the water, the dog was demonstrably alive," said Zlín police spokesperson Monika Kozumplíková.
The following day, children playing by the river found a jute bag on the bank. When they opened it, they discovered the body of a dead dog inside. So they called a woman who was passing by and fled. The woman reported the incident to the police emergency number 158.
"The police officers, thanks to the knowledge of the townspeople, found out who is probably the perpetrator of this unbelievable act. And they were not wrong. Both the man and the woman confessed to the crime and described how the event took place," added the police spokesperson.
Expert statement from the field of veterinary medicine confirmed that the dog died clearly in an agonizing manner as a result of suffocation, when before the death the animal suffered within a matter of minutes.
"The actions of the perpetrators undoubtedly show a clear intention to get rid of the animal at all costs in this reprehensible way, even though they could donate or sell the dog. The criminal police commissioner from Zlín accused the couple of committing the crime of animal cruelty committed in complicity. Both of the so far unpunished accused could spend up to three years behind bars if convicted," Kozumplíková noted.
Thank you for the dance! Singer Leonard Cohen's final album will be released posthumously
The album Thanks for the Dance will feature unreleased material and various musical collaborations put together by the singer's son. The album will be released on November 22.
In October 2016, the album You Want it Darker was released, on which Cohen collaborated with his son Adam. He asked him to help him finish the songs. In the intimate recording, Cohen symbolically comes to terms with his impending death. He died a month after the album was released at the age of 82.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen began working on the materials his father had left him. He invited a number of musicians to work with him - Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mas or the singer Beck.
"When we invented music for my father's words, we used his own distinctive musical techniques. So he's still with us," said Adam Cohen. "What amazes me most about him are the reactions of those who have heard him. One by one they say Leonard is still alive," he added.
The first swallow of the album is the short song The Goal. "I'm almost alive, I'm almost home," Cohen sings in his characteristic honey voice. He sang about death, knowing he would not live to see the new material released. He admitted it in an interview with The New Yorker a month before his death. "I am ready to die. I hope it won't be too unpleasant," he said.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen published a collection of his father's poetry called The Flame. It will be published in Czech under the name Plamen on 31 December by Argo.
The first Miss Christová finally got into herself: She lost a few pounds and saw right through
The first modern Miss from 1989 Ivana Christová (49) had long years of problems with overweight, which caused not only physical problems but mainly psychological ones. She suffered because she had changed a lot since the time of Miss Czechoslovakia. But now it seems that she took the reproaches to heart and with excess pounds she went into battle. Even though it is a long way to go.
She used to be a first-class beauty who conquered Paris. But since then it has been thirty years and Ivana Christová can only remember the beauty contest. Not only because of the fame, but also because of how thin she was.
Over time she decided not to conform to the strict modelling rules, which ordered her to be as thin as possible and often not to eat. She decided to stop listening and started to indulge in what she wants.
But she went from hunger strikes to overeating, which immediately took its toll on her figure. The extra kilos she tried to disguise with various loose clothes, which added to the bulky shapes.
Now it looks like Ivana really went for herself. She visibly lost weight, began to dress tastefully and appropriately for her fuller figure.
She surprised everyone at the book launch of Miloš Zapletal (75) that she had once again seen through and now she has the features of a lovely brunette, who in 1989 entered history not only as the first winner of Miss after the revolution, but also by the controversy her victory caused.
Christová will forever be the first winner of beauty, but also the very first, who was booed by spectators at the Palace of Culture and Sport in Ostrava as she put on her crown.
"A parody of justice." Scientist warned of cancer from pollution, sits in Turkish jail
Sik, along with other scientists, participated in a study commissioned by the Turkish Ministry of Health between 2011 and 2015, which concluded that water, soil and food pollution in some industrial areas in the west of the country was linked to an increased incidence of cancer in the local population.
The scientists mentioned in particular the Dilovasi industrial zone, which is about 80 kilometers from Istanbul and which houses a number of chemical and metallurgical plants. People living in its vicinity, they say, suffer from cancer far more often than the international average.
Erdogan retaliates for coup, international criticism despite
Sik felt that the government was taking no action on the matter despite the clear conclusions of the study. So he wrote several articles about the research in the opposition daily Cumhuriyet. Authorities subsequently began to prosecute him for leaking classified information.
"The study clearly showed the extent to which water resources were contaminated with toxic substances," Sik told reporters after the verdict. "The court's decision shows that the results of studies directly related to public health can be concealed. This is unacceptable," the scientist added.
"Instead of pursuing alarmists through the courts, the Turkish authorities should investigate this important public health problem," said Andrew Gardner of the Turkish branch of AI.
Environmental and human rights organizations have long accused the Turkish government of not enforcing environmental regulations, despite the rapid development of industry in certain regions.
After the foiled 2016 coup, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's regime launched a massive wave of arrests, with nearly 80,000 people now behind bars, including a number of employees of the daily Cumhuriyet, and authorities have also suspended or dismissed 150,000 civil servants and members of the armed forces altogether.
The opposition and human rights organisations accuse the government of using the attempted coup to persecute its opponents, but the authorities argue that it is a measure needed to ensure national security.
The fastest man on the planet has missed his tests.
The traditionally high-profile race for the fastest man on the planet will be the hunt for defending silver champion Christian Coleman at the World Championships. With a time of 9.81 seconds, the 23-year-old American is the leader of the world tables and has lost only once this year, but his start at the top of the season was in jeopardy due to a case of missed doping tests.
The United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) closed his case in early September without filing charges for formal reasons. Coleman failed three doping tests last year and this year, but not in 12 months. His first offense was dated by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) back to April 1, 2018, the start of the second quarter, but he missed the test himself on June 6. And because the third omission occurred on April 29, 2019, Coleman did not commit the offense of three missed checks in 12 months.
Coleman pleaded that he had merely forgotten to update the athletes' whereabouts data in the app. "I don't take drugs or take anything legal. A lot of athletes use legal creatine or protein powder or various other supplements for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I work hard and that's what it's all about," he said before the start of the World Championships.
His only loss of six starts in the 100 this year came when he entered the season at the Diamond League in Shanghai, where he was just six thousandths of a second ahead of compatriot Noah Lyles, who took advantage of Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League final, but will only run in the 200 at the World Championships.
The paper's second fastest competitor is 22-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, with a 9.86, but he has only done well at American college competitions so far.
Defending the title will be 37-year-old American Justin Gatlin, who flashed a 9.87 at Stanford in June. He ran the last 100 in Zagreb but only in 10.29 because he slightly injured his posterior thigh muscle.
South Africa's Akani Simbine, three-time Olympic medalist from Rio Andre de Grasse and European champion Zharnel Hughes are among the favorites. The fastest Jamaican is the 2011 World Champion Yohan Blake with a time of 9.96.
The men's 100 starts on Friday with the preliminary round and heats. Semi-finals and finals are on Saturday. The medals will be run at 21:15 GMT.
Plane crash near Žinkov in Plzeň: Two people did not survive the accident
There were two people on the plane, a man (†63) and a woman (†38). "The plane at 8:30 p.m. asked for permission to land at the airport Chaloupky near Klatovy," said police spokesperson Dana Ladmanová. This was also the last record, at that time, according to GPS coordinates, it was supposed to be near Vojovice near Žinkov.
But it did not reach the airport in Klatovy. A search was immediately started for the lost aircraft, which sent out a distress signal. "In addition to the police, a military helicopter was involved," said police spokesperson Martina Korandová. However, the search operation did not have a happy ending.
In the forest near Petrovic near Měčín, which is about six kilometers from where the plane last reported, before 9 a.m. a helicopter crew noticed the wreckage. "We found the plane and two bodies with no signs of life," Korandová confirmed.
The crashed machine remained partially wedged in the branches of the trees, pieces fell on the ground nearby. "We will determine the cause of the accident in cooperation with expert experts and staff of the Institute for the professional investigation of the causes of air accidents," Korandová added.
Civilization in Borrowed Time
I was reminded recently of a beautiful "line" from one of the great stories of Shimka and Grossmann, set partly in a cemetery, which reads: "I warned her that she cries well, but on a foreign grave!" It occurred to me that many of the world's politicians engaged in the senseless fight against climate change are now behaving very similarly.
They are behaving as if planet Earth is ruled by humans. In fact, we are just a speck on its surface, which she can blow out like a candle flame in a gust of wind. Probably not many of them are watching the famous British and American nature documentaries about the destructive powers of our blue ball. After all, all it would take is for one of the larger active volcanoes to "fart" properly and our advanced civilization to shit itself.
And that this will happen in the immediate future is highly likely. Many large volcanoes, in the opinion of leading volcanologists, are "charged and armed" (for example, Katla in Iceland).
In a way, it would be ideal if the eruption, if it has to happen someday, should happen as soon as possible, before trillions of dollars are wasted on measures to reduce carbon dioxide production, because any properly angry volcano, along with dust and poisonous volcanic gases, can release at least a hundred times more into the atmosphere than has been saved at the expense of the people of Europe.
So violently limiting CO2 production makes no sense. Moreover, it has been scientifically proven that, with its significantly higher proportion in the air, plants form more biological matter and are also more resistant to drought. Possible warming for mankind is considerably more favourable than, for example, a rapid return of the ice age.
Considering the hitherto insufficiently researched influence of solar cycles on the Earth's climate, we must come to only one sensible conclusion: let us strive to keep the Earth as clean as possible, and let us adapt at least cost to other changes with which we cannot measure strength!
Repairs to the Giant Mountains Museum will be a year late
The Krkonoše National Park Administration (KRNAP) has postponed the deadline for submission of bids to the second tender for the repair of the Krkonoše Museum in Vrchlabí by three weeks. The original deadline for opening the envelopes was 20 September, said National Park spokesman Radek Drahný. The reason for the postponement of the deadline for submitting bids is the reduction of the budget from CZK 110 million to CZK 83 million.
"We are currently working with prices that are on the market. There has been a change in the budget, a price we expect to be offered. If someone makes an offer that is acceptable, the work will start as soon as possible," Drahný said.
Compared to the original plans, the restoration of the museum is about a year behind schedule. KRNAP wanted to have a selected contractor for the construction part by the end of last year and start construction work this spring. According to the management of the National Park Service, European subsidies of CZK 123 million for the project are not at risk.
The KRNAP administration has not been able to select a construction company for the museum repairs. It launched a second competition this summer because in the previous tender all offers from the companies significantly exceeded the then expected price of 65 million crowns. Bids exceeded 100 million crowns.
The museum, which is located in the former Augustinian monastery and belongs to the KRNAP administration, has been closed since autumn 2017. The selected company should provide the construction part of the project. The total cost, including the construction of a new exposition, is estimated at 210 million crowns. The KRNAP visitor centre should be established in the now cleared building by the end of 2021 after the transformation of the expositions.
The repaired museum with a new interactive exposition, which should be a story of nature and people settled in the mountains and build on the successful exposition Stone and Life, should serve as a representative gateway to the Giant Mountains for visitors. The Visitor Centre should provide the most comprehensible form of information about the past and present of the Giant Mountains and motivate people to discover the mountains and protect them. It should also take on the role of a traditional museum. The centre will also offer possibilities for organizing concerts, festivals, theatre performances or open-air lectures. The plans include the construction of a new entrance to the building, the creation of a research room or a café.
Toyota still believes in hydrogen, preparing a second generation Mirai
The Toyota Mirai was never meant to be just a concept. Toyota was so serious about it that even though there was virtually no infrastructure in the world to pump hydrogen, it still put it on the menu. Not quite standard, the customer really had to go after this car in a targeted way, but no one else offered such a variant at the time.
Toyota boss Takeshi Uchiyamada confirmed at an international conference on hydrogen that a new generation will arrive next year. Toyota still believes that these cars have a future and within ten years they will match the price of hybrids. Of course, this is linked to the development of filling networks. However, the future is connected with hydrogen as well as electricity.
At the conference, the word hydrogen was often used to refer to the needs of ecological operation, not passenger cars but, on the contrary, large tractors, ships, trains, etc. Simply those means of transport that need to be covered in one refuelling of long distances, which purely battery-powered versions cannot offer, so Toyota could find new outlets thanks to its great experience and long development.
It remains to be recalled that, like Toyota, Hyundai, which now also offers the Nexo hydrogen crossover, also believes in hydrogen propulsion.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right shade of lipstick: There is not only one red
When choosing a red lipstick, you should first determine whether you are a warm or a cold type. Try a simple test - examine the veins on your wrist. If they are blue, you are a cold type, if they are green, then you are a warm type. When choosing a new red lipstick, first of all, look at the classification based on the undertone. Then look at the texture in the next one.
If you are a woman with cold undertones, then purple, plum, cherry or mauve lipsticks are suitable for you.
If you fall into the category of warm undertones, choose such lipsticks as well. You can tell them by their tendency to orange, coral, gold or brown reflections.
It may happen that some veins look green and others blue. In that case, congratulate yourself - you don't need to look at the undertones and can only focus on your colour preferences.
Purpose rumors? Ústí zoo is looking for a new veterinarian, no one is interested
Most recently at the end of this month. The city's management attributed it to rumors that had sprung up around the zoo's former director and veterinarian Václav Poživil that he had purposely killed exotic animals that he cared for, such as the female Zamba rhino, the elephant Kalu or the orangutan Núňáka.
The city council therefore announced a new contract. "For veterinary care for the zoo with an estimated value of performance of CZK 3.5 million excluding VAT and for the city's Center for Animals in Need with an estimated value of performance of CZK 2.8 million excluding VAT," said Romana Macová, the city's spokesperson.
Deputy Mayor Věra Nechybová (UFO) explained that the city was announcing a competition for veterinary services for the third time. "Dr. Poživil had to explain the unfounded suspicions. I consider it a blatant defamation of such a high-quality expert," she said.
Experts specializing in exotic animals are very few, she said. "It's certainly not pleasant. The zoo provides veterinary care in the form of orders," she said. Orders and contracts cost the same money. "The garden must comply with the Public Procurement Act in terms of funding," explained zoo spokesperson Nikola Roštejnská.
Václav Poživil himself is one of the recognized experts. For example, he participated in a unique operation in which the cheetah Jane was the world's first cheetah to receive a total endoprosthesis. He served as the zoo's director from 2009 to 2012. He did not comment on the anonymous rumors about himself. Yesterday, he did not receive phone calls or respond to text messages.
As for the contract for the zoo, some veterinarians think that zero interest in it is not necessarily a fear of similar purposeful allegations, as in his case, but simply a little information. For example, the veterinarian Jiří Král has not heard about it yet. "I'm hearing it from you for the first time. No one has approached us. I think such a thing will spread quickly," he added.
A new metro architect will oversee the D line, bringing experience from the London Underground
The Prague Transport Company has selected an architect to oversee the design of the Metropolitan Underground. Anna Švarc will become the architect from October, her primary task will be the design of the new D line, but she will also be in charge of the existing stations. According to her, the Underground cannot be seen as just a transport structure, travelling by underground should also bring an aesthetic experience.
A Czech architect who participated in the reconstruction of three London Underground stations, for example, won the tender launched by the Prague Transport Company (DPP).
In addition to her, 14 other applicants took part in the tender. "Part of the tender was a motivation letter and a curriculum vitae. Apparently it was decided by my previous practice in London, where I created a kind of aesthetic manual for the underground in a team of three people," says the new metro architect. Her practice from the Institute of Planning and Development of the Capital City of Prague could have decided as well.
The metro is not only seen as a transport functional structure. Stations should also have aesthetic value.
"I have ideas about how the metro will change, how the space will be improved, but I will find out how it will be realistically in the coming weeks when the transport company introduces me to its ideas," says Švarc.
"It is not a series of dogmas, but rather recommendations, the aim of which is to keep the context of all stations in case they are reconstructed," the design manual explains.
Whether a similar tool is also a way to improve public space in the Prague metro is a question. The Prague metro is specific. "Whether the manual is ideal or whether a personality can cover it, I really don't know yet," concludes Švarc.
Former French President Chirac to be buried on Monday, public commemoration on Sunday
The funeral of former French President Jacques Chirac, who died on Thursday at the age of 86, will take place on Monday evening at the Montparnasse cemetery in Paris, French media report, citing Chirac's family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to bid farewell to the former head of state on Sunday afternoon at a commemoration ceremony at the Paris Invalides, where the coffin containing Chirac's remains will be on display, the Elysée Palace announced.
Crowds have been pouring into the presidential residence since Thursday evening, according to AFP, to sign a book of condolences. This will be possible until Sunday, when President Emmanuel Macron declared a state mourning on Monday.
Meanwhile, there have been further reactions from around the world and from France to the death of the former mayor of Paris and president from 1995 to 2007, whom Prime Minister Édouard Philippe today described as "French in the true sense of the word."
Chirac was remembered by the Japanese, for example, because the politician was known for his love of their country and the sport of sumo, and the news of the former French president's death made the front pages of every Japanese newspaper, including sports newspapers, the French press notes.
The tribal art museum on Paris's Quai Branly avenue, which Chirac founded, will not charge admission for ten days in honour of the former head of state.
Pumpkin World Opening Delayed Pumpkin Maturing
Nová Ves u Leštiny (Havlíčkobrodsko) - A farmhouse in Nová Ves u Leštiny in Havlíčkobrodsko opened Pumpkin World for more than a month today. Decorations consisting of thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins are dominated by massive orange pyramids in the garden. The autumn event, which is becoming a tradition, starts one week later this year, because the pumpkins in the surrounding seven hectares of fields of the Pipkova family matured longer. Even now there are many in the field, Jaroslava Pipková told the Czech News Agency today.
The Pipkos grow many types of pumpkins, but the weather has not favoured them for the last two years. This year's harvest has been delayed and some types have not worked out. "As usual, we have enough orange pumpkins for Halloween, but some types for fine people have failed," said Pipková. Nevertheless, there are more types to choose from on the farm, from the already mentioned large pumpkins suitable for carving and digging decorations, through pumpkins for hokaido cooking or elongated "spaghetti" to ornamental pumpkins of various colours and shapes.
Pumpkin growing is laborious. Farmers manually hoe the plants and harvest their fruit, cutting the pumpkin from the stem with scissors. Pumpkin World The Pipks have been opening regularly since 2010, previous years have attracted thousands of people. Pumpkin decorations are complemented by attractions made of straw or a maze of logs. Visitors will also see animals raised on the farm. It will be open daily until 3 November.
Details of the event are available on the farm's website, where growers also offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, such as pumpkin muffins or juice. Visitors themselves tell them about other possibilities of pumpkin preparation in the kitchen. "A lot of cooks have tried their recipes, even we will be inspired," said Pipková. She noted that some housekeepers also put pumpkins on sour like cucumbers.
The Ministry plans a flat-rate meal plan from 2021. Nothing changes in tax
The Ministry of Finance is preparing an amendment to the Income Tax Act, according to which an employee would receive money for meals directly. According to the Ministry, a quarter of employees, i.e. about a million people who do not yet receive meal vouchers, will also be able to support meals.
However, according to the chairman of the Voucher System Operators Association, David Rýc, even a number of small companies that do not have a canteen or meal vouchers provide meals for their employees, for example by importing food or by an agreement with restaurants.
"The essence of the intention is that we do not change anything about the tax advantage. Furthermore, it will not pay for health and social insurance," Schillerová said on Friday, adding that the limit for the maximum employer contribution applicable as a tax credit would also be maintained.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the meal ticket price. The remaining part is paid by employees, in some cases by the employer, but without the tax credit. The most advantageous value of the meal ticket for employees and employers this year is CZK 123.
Přindiš, Prskavec and Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the World Championships
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec as well as canoeist Tereza Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Seu d'Urgell. Přindiš was fourth in Friday's qualification, Prskavec fifth and Fišerová eighth. The other three Czech representatives will be in Spain seeking a semi-final start in the afternoon corrective qualifying run.
Vavřinec Hradilek, who received a 50-second penalty at the beginning of the run for mispassing the goal, failed to succeed among the strong representative group of kayakers. On the other hand, Přindiš and Prskavec can already relax and concentrate on Sunday's semi-finals.
"I set myself a goal to take the first ride to thirty, which I did. Not that I don't care how I ended up, because on Sunday the start is very early in the morning, so I was hoping to be a bit higher to have a better starting position," said Přindiš, praising the well-being in Seu. "Before the watch race I felt the worst in the 14 days we've been here. But then at the race it was good and today it was better. It's beautiful all the time, nice races, the spectators came, so fine," he smiled.
Flash was also happy. "In qualifying you don't want to make an unnecessary mistake. In the first gates it didn't quite work for me. Then I drove the middle very well, without any problems and I knew I had the mileage, so there was a second mistake when I wanted to go straight down and I turned the erka. Overall I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, we'll see how it goes," said this year's overall World Cup winner.
Both representatives praised the fact that on Sunday they would go to the start only at the end of the semi-final block. "I'm not an early bird, it's also cold here in the morning, and when you're here at eight, you need a jacket and a sweatshirt," said Přindiš. "Overall, the semi-final lasts an hour and a half, which is quite a good difference from the point of view of sleep," agreed Prskavec.
Of the three Czech singcanoeists, only Fišerová succeeded, Eva Říhová finished two places behind the advancing twenty, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35. "The top part came down to my expectations, in the middle part I felt I wasn't following and wasn't going according to the plan, but I managed to get into the comfortable track I wanted to ride. I made two shots and I'm just behind the winner with a clean time. I have a good starting position for the semi-final," said Fišerová.
Coal will give way to gas and nuclear. Renewables will not cover increased demand, says ExxonMobil's European boss
Renewables will not be enough for the Czech Republic to meet future energy demand. Due to the unsuitable climate, wind and solar power plants need to be supplemented with other alternatives, such as those using natural gas.
Philippe Ducom, president of the European branch of ExxonMobil, one of the largest global oil producers, says this in an interview with HN. He also mentions that large repositories where unused energy from days when there is enough sun and wind could be stored for later are still too expensive.
Ducom visited ExxonMobil's center in Prague, which employs 1,200 people and is tasked with supporting the company's business activities and providing logistics and other services needed for the company to function.
The Declaration of the End of the Right in the House, or What kind of "right-wing" coalition of ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
In the media and commentaries there have been reports lately about the upcoming coalition of these parties. Many applaud that the "right" is finally getting together, but I am asking why these parties still call themselves right-wing.
Leaving aside the new Trikolora movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a real right-wing party. And it does not matter how the subjects call themselves or what name is parroted by the mainstream media. ODS is hardly centrist in its average of top politicians of this party, TOP 09 is clearly a party of the urban pseudo-liberal left (which is ashamed of its leftism and thus hypocritically describes itself as conservative or even right-wing). STAN is a party that in its conception, ideology and voter orientation merges with TOP 09 (the reason for its existence is simply not clear to me). And KDU even labels itself as centrist in the long term - but their political compass is much more to the left than they say.
Do you feel that I have taken everyone out of the same water? No, I am based on the real political actions of these parties. If I consider myself to be a classically liberal right-wing voter, the highest value for me is individual freedom, free market and minimal state interference in the lives of individuals and the economy. How do these parties fulfil this general assumption of rightism? How many laws slashing people's freedoms by the salami method, increasing taxes, confirming new regulations and increasing supervision, increasing the link to the socialist EU or supporting environmental and gender madness have they supported in recent years? A lot, a lot. Not by their own labels, but by their actions they identify them. These parties, despite all sorts of declarations or partial concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And this has nothing to do with rightwing.
The TOP 09, STAN and KDU coalition cooperation I wouldn't be surprised at all, they simply belong together on the political map and, apart from Christian or homosexualist and gender aspects, I basically don't see an obvious difference for the voters in terms of the influence of the state on their lives. However, ODS has long portrayed itself as the "only right-wing" and by associating with these three entities it is already openly revealing its true political affiliation.
By the way, when I mentioned the labels briefly. Have you noticed how often all these parties consistently and cheaply refer to critics of dirigism and socialism coming from the European Union as pro-Russian agents? Can they not or just don't want to understand that there are many people who don't like eurosocialism and increasing non-freedom as strongly as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Are they by any chance hiding their total argumentative incompetence and the unreasonable or blind adoration of the Euro-EU situation?
It is simply possible that in the Czech Republic other than centrist politics no longer has a chance of greater success. Maybe this is the kind of association that voters really want. Maybe they want left-of-center politics under the guise of "right" because they are ashamed of their political beliefs (or they can't even identify them). I don't know. But I certainly don't belong among such voters.
The unexplained death of a little girl (†8) in Příbramsko: No punishment for the culprit
Unexplained cases are called "monuments" in the criminal slang, but they are also investigated if new information emerges years later. Especially when it comes to the death of a child. In 1980, criminal investigator Jiří Markovič was able to investigate the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokop Valley, which was 12 years old at the time. "The case from 1955? That will be difficult, very difficult. It would take to find a file for a start, it may no longer exist, to talk to those who investigated it. There is always hope, but it would be really difficult," Markovič says.
Under the previous regime, violent crimes were not widely publicized by the public, but according to Markovič, this certainly does not mean that investigations were lax. "It has always depended on specific people," the criminal thinks. The problem may be that materials from the 1950s can be destroyed, even if unsolved cases should not be shredded.
Lucie Bílá's father didn't support her at all. You won't believe what she was supposed to do for a living!
Who doesn't know that national treasure Lucie Bílá (53) is an original seamstress by her own name Hana Zaňáková, she probably doesn't live in the Czech Republic. But the singer herself has now revealed that she almost worked in a glass factory!
Lucie Bílá knew from a relatively early age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love for singing was born when she was a little girl performing at a cultural house in her native Otvovice, where the warbler still lives.
"And I remember exactly where my mother sat. I was born a singer at that time," she admitted to Impuls radio.
But her father was a little worried about his daughter's future and recommended that she take the path of a craft that has a golden bottom.
"My father always said, 'Craft girl, craft. Walk your feet on the ground!' He even asked me if I wanted to go to the local glassworks. The glassworks don't work anymore, I kind of do. I'm a trained seamstress and I make beads at home into various rosaries and pendants, which I then auction at auctions and use money to buy wheelchairs," she added with a laugh.
The launch of the new toll is not at risk, reports Kremlík, but a change of operator is in play
On Friday, the Ministry of Transport launched preparations for a new tender for the operation of the new toll system. It is a backup plan that the state would use if the current toll contract was finally cancelled. In addition, the state is also preparing another provisional solution if the tender is not completed in time. On Facebook, the Minister of Transport Vladimír Kremlík (for ANO) said.
On Thursday, the Office for the Protection of Competition (ÚOHS) banned the performance of the toll contract between the state and the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium, with a one-year delay. The ministry will file an appeal against this.
"The launch of the new toll collection system is not at risk. Starting today, we are starting the preparation of a new transparent tender procedure, the subject of which will be the services of the operation of the new toll system, which is now being completed by the CzechToll and SkyToll consortium," said the minister.
The state would thus be looking for the operator of the currently prepared toll, which will be launched from this December. It would therefore not be a competition for a completely new toll system, as was the case with the last tender, nor for the use of the old system, which is now operated by Kapsch.
However, according to Kremlík, the ministry is also preparing for the fact that it would not be able to prepare the new tender in time. "Based on the experience so far with the course of the toll tender, I am deeply convinced that the ÚOHS is wrong and that it is objectively impossible to prepare and implement such a complex tender procedure and hand over the operation of the toll system to the new operator within the 12-month period specified by the tender," he said.
The ministry will thus be preparing a provisional solution in addition to the new tender procedure, which would solve the toll collection for a transitional period, until the state finds a fully-fledged form of solution.
The state will thus probably not use the offer presented to it by the current Kapsch toll administrator in recent days. The Austrian company has offered to operate the existing system in case the toll contract is cancelled.
At the same time, Kremlík reiterated that he believes that the backup plan will not be needed. The ministry will therefore file an appeal against the antitrust authority's decision.
The ÚOHS issued a decision on Thursday in which it banned the performance of the toll contract. However, the ban will only take effect one year after the authority's decision has become final. This is not final and it is possible to file an appeal against it to the president of the authority. The ministry and CzechToll are therefore continuing to prepare a new toll, which should be launched in December.
The CzechToll/SkyToll consortium won last year's tender for the new toll system and its operator. It succeeded in the toll tender with an offer of 10.75 billion crowns for the 10-year operation. The current Kapsch operator protested against the tender and the validity of the toll contract, which failed in the tender with an offer of over 13 billion crowns.
I still see myself as a boy who is just settling in, says Jan Cina
"That was a big school for all those who worked on it. I fell in love with afro dancing there. The fact that I have something Romani in me after my dad, it absolutely fascinated me," said Jan Cina, who considers himself mainly a musical actor.
He has much more recent memories than the First Step series of playing a painter in the new film Národní třída. Cina revealed that director Štěpán Altrichter must have been very tempted. "The work was difficult, but the result is worth it. The film was made a year ago. It was hard and honest, but at the same time entertaining. It was filmed on Národní třída, where I drove as a non-driver. A lot was also filmed in the South Town in Prague," he said of the Czech-German co-production.
Although he is nominated for the Thalia Award for his role in the production of The Little Prince, he doesn't consider it the peak of his career. "I don't feel that way. I still see myself as a kid who is just settling in. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I can see the peak far ahead of me," he revealed, not even thinking about the thank-you speech in case of victory. "Not really, but as a kid, when I listened to talk shows on the radio, I always imagined speaking to people."
Jan Cina has been living with his colleague Petr Vančura for 13 years. What is his recipe for a happy relationship? "To like each other and to see problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," he revealed, reminiscing about the Czech Lions awards, when his friend fell on the stairs.
"Yes, it really happened. He had new slippery shoes and the red carpet was slippery too. So it wasn't long before he was lying on the ground. He managed to make it a priority. He had a workshop called Vančura stairs, where he taught how to fall safely down the stairs at VIP events."
Děčín Zoo rejoices in a small macaque
"Our group currently consists of seven members. Its youngest member came into the world on August 17, gave birth to a female Buffy and is her fifth cub, the father is a male Hitam. For the first days after the birth, the female carried the cub tightly to her body and for a long time she did not want to show the world if she gave birth to a male or a female. However, at about three weeks of age the cub has already started to put it away for a little while and the keepers have known for a few days that it is a male," said zoo spokesperson Alena Houšková, adding that the Děčín Zoo has successfully bred already 12 cubs of this species.
Macaques are so-called endemites of the island of Sulawesi, which means that elsewhere in the world they do not live in the wild. A typical feature is the black fur and the plume on their head, according to which they have a name. Macaques live in rainforests, especially at lower altitudes.
They feed on plant and animal food like most primates. The diet is very much dominated by jungle tree fruits, which supplement flowers and leaves. They solve the need for protein by eating small arthropods, larvae and, to a lesser extent, bird eggs and chicks.
"Apart from natural enemies, which are pythons, everything else is written down by man. Local residents hunt macaques as a favourite prey with tasty meat and for fur. Burning and cutting down the rainforest is fatal for these animals," added the spokesperson.
Germany reports first case of West Nile infection from mosquito on its territory. Linked to climate change
In addition to West Nile, mosquitoes can also transmit malaria.
On Friday, Germany reported the first case of a human being infected with West Nile fever on German territory after being stung by an infected mosquito. The news agency DPA reported. Until now, all sick people have contracted the virus while travelling or through contact with sick animals. According to experts, the breakthrough case of the disease is linked to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute said that a 70-year-old man from Saxony was infected with the virus. He had a severe course of the disease and was treated for brain inflammation in a hospital in Leipzig. He is now healthy.
The West Nile virus was first detected in 1937 in Uganda. In the meantime, it has spread to large parts of Africa, Asia and Europe, and in the 1990s to the United States. Its carriers are mainly birds and also mosquitoes that are infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state-owned companies are to undergo a new selection procedure. The law will be circumventable, says the opposition
"This is a typical bill that is unnecessary," said Zbyněk Stanjura, chairman of the ODS parliamentary club.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the Chamber of Deputies approved changes to prevent opaque distribution of functions in future - critics talk about tobacconists - in state-owned companies. Candidates are to undergo a new selection procedure in a given ministry and will also be assessed by the government committee for personnel nominations.
However, this is a compromise solution that the ODS, for example, does not like because it will allegedly allow ministers to make excuses that selection committees are to blame for any bad selection of state managers. Moreover, the opinion of the said committee for the minister will not be binding. The novelty still needs to be approved by the Senate and signed by President Miloš Zeman.
Přerov: Driver crashed near Kokory: Died wedged in his Fabia
The tragic traffic accident occurred on Friday on a straight stretch between Přerov and Kokory. The 28-year-old driver of the Fabia lost control of his driving and went off the road. The car overturned on the roof and he remained wedged under it. He did not survive the injuries suffered.
"According to initial information found at the scene, a passenger vehicle travelling in the direction of Kokory went off the road, where it overturned on the roof and the driver remained wedged under the vehicle," Přerov police spokesperson Miluše Zajícová told news server novinky.cz.
And where are the spectators? Doha can't be London
But it is also a step backwards, for on its way to Doha, athletics has voluntarily and consciously renounced the thrilling atmosphere of a sold-out stadium in London in 2017 and the European Championships in Berlin last year.
Giant banners on the walls of Doha's skyscrapers invite it to "the biggest sporting event of 2019." However, concerns grow about how dignified its backdrop will be.
"Tickets for the finish line are sold out for all evenings," the organizers say.
But that's too little.
The upper gallery of the Khalifa Stadium, with a total capacity of 40,000 spectators, is already covered with brightly colored tarpaulins, which also display the flags of the 209 participating countries. Athletics has set out in Qatar for an area where it has no roots, despite the annual Diamond League meeting.
No wonder, then, that only 50,000 tickets were sold for the 10 days of the Championships last week, although their price started at 60 Qatari riyals, or less than 400 crowns.
The organizers have now set themselves the goal of filling the uncovered portions of the stands at least half full. That is why, according to sources in the British newspaper Giuardian, they are reportedly (though the organizers themselves deny it) giving away free tickets to migrants who work here as workers, as well as to children. Which Sebastian Coe, the head of the IAAF athletics association, can also comment positively: "This is how we can inspire the next generations."
Rich Qatar has won world championships in handball and cycling in the past, after athletics comes football in 2022. The financial offers of an oil power will always be lucrative even for rich sports federations. That is the reality of today's sports world.
But even if we accept it and ignore the absence of fans in the stadium, we cannot help but feel a genuinely sporting sigh that the IAAF leaders should have timed the experiment with the first outdoor world championship for athletes in the Arabian Peninsula better - and for a different year. The extreme late deadline, imposed by the climate, disrupts the entire schematic of the pre-Olympic season, and thus the preparation for the pivotal Olympic season, which would normally begin for athletes in October.
Perhaps Qatar will make up for this with at least the technological innovations with which it promises an ultra-modern and attractive championship. Isn't it just 37 degrees? Already, the stadium's surface is artificially air-conditioned to 24 degrees. And advanced cameras, embedded directly in the blocks, are designed to show even television viewers in detail what is happening in athletes in the hundredths of a second before and just after the starter's shot.
Sparta is really charged this year, acknowledges Hradec bek Nedomlel
In his case, the increased motivation is more than understandable. Hradec hockey defender Richard Nedomlel will go in Friday's match against the club where he recently worked, but the former Spartan is convinced that his teammates will be similarly, even though they have never worn the jersey of the Prague club.
"Everyone wants to pull out against Sparta," says Hradec bek before the game of the 5th extra-league round.
Hradec Králové will try to stretch out their winning streak, which at the moment counts three three-point wins in a row. After Kladno, Plzeň came the most appreciated by fans on Sunday, Mountfield went to neighboring Pardubice.
"But we can't watch the matches that were. We need to focus on the matches that await us now and play in them the same way, if not better," warns Hradec defender.
Hradec Králové shouldn't look back on last year's record with Sparta either. They lost in three of four matches, they took points only once after the victory in Prague after extra time. Moreover, Sparta management brought several significant reinforcements in the summer and expects the team to return to the top.
"Sparta always had quality players, but what can we say, this year they are really loaded," admits Nedomlel before the first game of the end of this week.
And the second? Also a nice shift, waiting for Mountfield on Sunday afternoon in Třinec.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has hidden bitcoins and doesn't know what to do with them
Venezuela's central bank is conducting internal tests to determine whether it can hold cryptocurrencies, in response to an order from the state-owned company Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which seeks to send bitcoins and ethers to the central bank and then pay the oil firm's suppliers with cryptocurrencies. Employees are also studying a proposal to allow the central bank to include cryptocurrencies in foreign exchange reserves, which are now close to a 30-year low, Bloomberg reported, citing information from four sources.
Sanctions imposed by the United States against President Nicolás Maduro's authoritarian regime have largely cut off Venezuela from the global financial system, further exacerbating the country's economic crisis. And the current crisis is one of the most serious in global terms, forcing officials to use a patchwork of different ways to move money. While Maduro's effort to launch a state-owned cryptocurrency as the world's first failed, ongoing efforts to use digital currencies show how desperately the government is trying to find ways to circumvent the restrictions.
Neither the Venezuelan central bank nor PDVSA responded to a request for comment.
It is unclear how PDVSA came by its own bitcoins and ethers, nor how much value it owns of these currencies. The company is having trouble getting payments from customers through conventional channels because the big banks are unwilling to do business with entities subject to sanctions. Last month, the company received most of a $700 million ($16.6 billion) payment in Chinese yuan because the parties were unable to find financial institutions to make the transaction possible.
PDVSA may not be keen to sell cryptocurrencies on the open market because it would require it to register on the exchange and undergo due diligence. Instead, it wants the central bank to use the cryptocurrency and pay it to entities that PDVSA owes. Officials at the oil firm believe the central bank is less exposed to any obstacles that might arise when paying with cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoins and ethers use a decentralized online ledger known as the blockchain to authenticate and record transactions. In some cases, relatively anonymous transfers are allowed without the need for an intermediary. Few banks are involved in digital currencies because of money laundering problems and client information that are related to them and complicate compliance.
Cryptocurrencies, after the debacle of 2018, are seeing a return to prominence this year, thanks to the expectation of greater acceptance by institutions and Facebook's plan to come up with its own cryptocurrency. Even so, they remain unstable. Bitcoin has fallen almost 20 percent in the last four days, but has made a profit of about 130 percent since the beginning of the year.
Neckermann cancels all flights, five hundred Czech clients involved
Neckermann cancels flights in connection with the insolvency of British Thomas Cook and his German daughter.
"The Czech company Thomas Cook, s. r. o., operating under the business name Neckermann Cestovní kancelář, has not filed for insolvency," Šrámek said in a press release.
"CK Neckermann is, however, forced to continue cancelling the scheduled departures of its clients," he added, adding that this currently applies to all departures from 26 September to 6 October.
According to Šrámek, the cancellations will affect about 500 clients, and the 800 clients of Neckermann who are currently abroad will "be taken care of and their safe return to the Czech Republic by their scheduled flight is ensured."
The travel agency admitted that some clients were asked to pay for their stay. "In such a case, it is necessary that clients immediately contact CK Neckermann's SOS line," added Šrámek.
Thomas Cook's bankruptcy occurred on Monday. In August this year, the travel agency entered into an agreement under which creditors were to inject £900 million into the company.
Half of the sum was to be obtained from the Chinese firm Fosun Tourism, which was to become the majority owner. The other half was to be provided by bondholders and creditor banks. However, as early as September 20, it was reported that creditors had demanded that the travel agency obtain a reserve of £200 million, otherwise the agreement was off. On Monday, the company announced that it had gone bankrupt.
Someone killed a non-confrontational homeless woman under the bridge. Police are looking for witnesses
According to the Prague Police, the murder took place sometime during the early evening and into the night from Tuesday to Wednesday. This is when the police call for possible testimony relates.
"One of the drivers who was passing on the bridge connecting Libeň and Žižkov or on Pod Krejcárkem Street could have filmed the killer, for example, on a dashboard camera. A witness could have only seen him and could have described him. In short, we welcome any testimony to this case and we will accept it on line 158," said the spokesperson for the Regional Directorate of Police, Jan Daněk.
According to the spokesperson, Daněk, the murdered homeless woman was non-confrontational, did not drink alcohol and did not seek the company of other people. The woman lived at the crime scene. "Most often she moved around Krejcárek, Palmovka and Holešovice, when she had large blue shopping bags with her," added Daněk's description of the victim, which could also help potential witnesses.
Slovaks succeed, will only pay a fine for racist insults
The Slovak Football Association has succeeded in appealing against the stadium closure for racism of fans. The national team was originally supposed to play Wales in the European Championship qualifying match without spectators, instead the association will only pay a fine of 15 thousand euros (about 387 thousand crowns).
The UEFA Disciplinary Board punished Slovakia and Hungary for the behaviour of fans during the recent mutual qualifying match in Budapest, which the visiting charges of Czech coach Pavel Hapal won 2:1. It closed the stadium for both clubs for one match and fined Slovakia 20 thousand euros and Hungary 67 thousand euros.
The Slovaks only received a fine of 15 thousand euros for insulting political chants after the appeal. The next match of the national team in qualification for the European Championship with Wales on 10 October in Trnava will be opened to fans.
The women's basketball team failed to reach the WOC 17 medal, finishing fourth
The Americans also won the third WOC 17, defeating Spain just 77-75 in the final despite 40 points from Spain's Angela Salvadores.
"We wanted to win very much and not be potatoes, but maybe we wanted it too much. We caught the start, but we couldn't keep it because they overpowered us under the basket," said captain Karolína Malečková. "It was an incredible experience to play in front of such an audience," she praised the fans in Klatovy and Plzeň.
The Czechs started very well, taking an 8-0 lead thanks to two threes and dominating the field for the entire first quarter. At that moment it seemed that they would repay their opponents from the group 85-88 after extra time. But the referees called 15 fouls at half-time and with questionable decisions helped Hungary to get back into the game with a 12-2 lead.
"I am convinced that it was enough to make two more three baskets, run to 20 points and we would not let it go again. But instead came our mistakes. I am not interested in the referees, but what we did wrong and there were mistakes that helped the opponent to catch on," said coach Richard Fousek.
"It wasn't the first time we had a lapse in concentration. But the girls are fighters, they didn't let anything out and they fought to the end. But the opponent was very good," he added.
The Czechs kept in the game in particular Petra Holešínská with accurate shooting from distance and pivot Tereza Šípová. The best Czech scorer, however, had a problem with fouls and a large part of the third quarter was missing from the field. The Hungarians took advantage and gained a slight lead, which they already held, although the Czechs fought to the last seconds.
"For us the first five games were very difficult, we turned the games in a tight rotation and it cost us a lot of effort. Even against Spain you could see that the girls were tired and there was no place to take. Because of the physicality we were not consistent in defence. We did not play a quick counter-attack, we lacked a rebound. And the Hungarians are of such quality that if you do not combine everything together you will hardly win," added Fousek.
He believes that his charge has a promising future. "In two years the girls managed to win the Youth Olympics, to be second in the European Championship of 16-year-olds and now they are fourth in the world. By our standards they are a quality team with good character and it is necessary to work with them and develop their talent. Now it is up to the federation to assign a coach to them in the higher categories," added Fousek.
The new law won't help anyway, according to critics!
But according to some opposition MPs, the law is more conducive to ministers being relieved of their responsibility for the election while continuing to choose their candidates.
Greater transparency in the selection procedures for posts in state-owned companies - this is one of the goals of the nomination law. 119 MPs voted in favour. The law passed thanks to the votes of ANO, KSČM, Social Democrats and even Pirates, for example.
Candidates for state-owned companies will have to undergo a selection procedure before a government committee. For example, Pirates were trying to make the recommendation to the minister binding. This failed in the end.
The Civic Democrats and SPD movement fear that the nomination law will play into the hands of ministers. "The minister will newly be able to hide behind a decision of the commission and will not have a clear transparent responsibility," thinks SPD chairman Tomio Okamura. ODS deputy chairman Martin Kupka speaks similarly.
The Governmental Committee should completely reject candidates who do not meet the conditions. These will include criminal integrity, debt-free status, minimum age of 25, and professional competence should be the main selection criterion.
The bill will have to go through the Senate and then be signed by the President.
Heavy competition for the Skoda Kamiq. Kia XCeed bets on the rich equipment, at what price?
The Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult model to classify. It is clearly a compact SUV, but it does not offer all-wheel drive. It leaves this item to the larger Sportage sibling, which is such a direct answer to cars like the Škoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X or Volkswagen Tiguan. In comparison, XCeed also bets on the more dynamic body shapes, which by sloping the rear can vaguely remind the world of the SUV-coupe, popular in this part of the market especially among the premium brands Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz.
On the other hand, XCeed cannot be classified only alongside padded versions of classic compacts, such as the Ford Focus Active. In contrast, Koreans have made a lot more changes to the body, so whoever does not want to see Ceed in the shapes of the novelty may not even see it.
Unlike the compact hatchback or the Ceed estate, the XCeed is also offered exclusively with turbocharged engines, so don't expect the basic atmospheric fourteen hundred. The XCeed starts with a turbocharged liter and also offers a turbocharged sixteen hundred with 150 kW, reserved for the siblings version of the GT. Don't expect a sporty degree here. Turbodiesely 1.6 CRDi is offered only in mild-hybrid version, which means that the internal combustion engine is assisted by an electric system that helps with reducing consumption and emissions. From 100 kW it is also possible to pay extra for a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic in addition to the manual.
Soon the offer will be expanded by a plug-in hybrid, a variant that will travel roughly six tens of kilometers only on electricity. Batteries can then be charged from a normal socket.
Simona Krainová: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucie Bílá!
The day before the christening of the Fuck The Age calendar, Simona Krainová posted her last pictures of herself naked! "I was a bit worried about people judging me for taking naked pictures at my age. I'm a rather shy person. But so far I have only positive reactions. I wanted to show women that when they want to, it's possible to have a solid figure at 46. Of course there's hard work and self-denial behind it, but there's no other way."
"Lukáš Dvořák and I took about three thousand pictures, they chose about a hundred and there are twelve in the calendar, so the rest are still waiting for their moment. It's definitely not the last time I'm naked," the model, who had come to her christening very naked, told Lightning.
She wore an extended jacket by Bernhardt and underneath her shorts, which were not visible, so it looked like she had forgotten her bottom. Everyday running has strengthened her legs and so she can afford similar models.
Simone was so happy with her success that she kissed everyone she met at the christening: her husband, her friends, even Nightingale Lucy the White. _______________________________________________________________
The car tuner has brought the voice of the digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, says the headline of a long text written for the Huffington Post by Michael Hobbes and photographed by Finlay Mackay. In a provocative twist, it says that for decades the medical community ignored the facts about obesity and waged a relentless (and also unnecessary) war against overweight people that not only tainted public opinion but also destroyed many lives. But now it is time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes puts at the outset is the fact that there is often a very long and tedious journey from knowing and knowing facts to putting them into practice. He mentions the case of scurvy, with some captains as early as the seventeenth century handing out lemons, limes and oranges to their crew in the belief that this would prevent the disease. But the British Navy abandoned the practice because of fears of increased costs. The clear influence of the fruit in preventing and treating the disease was then demonstrated in the mid-eighteenth century, but it took another fifty years for the Navy to take this into account. Seat belts, too, existed long before the invention of the car, but only became mandatory in the sixties, just as the first confirmed asbestos-related death dates back to 1906, yet its first ban came in 1973.
"Every public health discovery - no matter how significant it was - has always had to compete with the traditions, prejudices, and financial incentives within the society in which it was to be implemented," Hobbes writes. In American society today, nearly 80 percent of the adult population, and around one-third of children, meet the definition of overweight or obesity. More Americans now live with obesity than with breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and HIV combined.
Obesity is seen as an eminently personal failure of the individual, which is claimed to burden health care and reduce GDP. The fear of being fat is so great in the population that Americans now spend more money on diets than they spend on computer games and movies. But the truth is that diets don't work. Back in 1959, research showed that 95% to 98% of attempts to lose weight ended in failure, and two-thirds of people on diets subsequently gained more than they lost.
Armed with statistics, Hobbes goes on to describe the lifestyles and traumas of overweight people. The personal meets the systemic, with, for example, only 19 hours of study time devoted to nutrition in faculties teaching future doctors, which at a time when the 60% of the calories Americans take come from ultra-processed food - that is, too much processed food.
And how obesity is stigmatized is illustrated by reports from surgeries, where overweight people tend to experience shorter checkups, with doctors approaching them with less empathy and viewing them as more problematic patients.
But overweight is far from being an American problem, as Hobbes writes, Since 1980, the obesity rate has doubled in 73 countries around the world and increased in 113, and in that time, no country has succeeded in reducing and stopping the increase.
Brno Grand Prix? Ticket price increases imminent
The most expensive item each year before the Grand Prix is the listing fee. This year it was about one hundred and fifteen million crowns. "The mass of people who come to Brno at the Grand Prix will spend money there on accommodation, food or entertainment, which should more or less offset the costs associated with organizing the event, including the listing fee," evaluated the economist Petr Pelc.
According to him, the importance of the race is also in attracting tourists to the city. "Brno does not have so many world tourist attractions. The Grand Prix attracts visitors from abroad as well. For Brno it is as important as for example the Turany airport or the fairgrounds. And these are projects that are supported with public money," added the economist.
Brno Grand Prix
- Costs for the past five years: 686 million crowns
- Profits from the past five years: 682 million crowns
- Problem: lack of money for organizing, increasing the listing fee for the promoter company Dorna
- Possible solutions: more money from the state, use of advertising space, increase of ticket price
- Current situation: Negotiations on a new contract for organizing the races for the next five years
According to the director of the Institute of Public Administration Filip Hrůza, organizers must now evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. "The Grand Prix sucks money from public budgets for other matters. To some extent, however, it is a political and not an economic issue," he thinks.
In the future, the costs of the motorsport event may be even higher. The option of increasing the listing fee to almost double is in play.
"The situation is not closed, we must try to negotiate the best possible terms with Dorna. It also depends on the extent to which the state is prepared to contribute to organizing the race. If the worst scenarios are fulfilled, I am afraid that it is not realistic for the city and the region to pay the price," admitted Brno Mayor Markéta Vaňková.
As Deník Rovnost has already reported, representatives of both the South Moravian Region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising because of the difficulties in obtaining money for the Grand Prix. "Dorna's condition is that the advertising must be placed in places that are not covered by the cameras. There is also a limited choice of companies because if Dorna has a general sponsor, then the second sponsor cannot be a company from the same area," explained Vaňková.
The organizers can also get more money from tickets in the coming years. "We have to sit down and say what the costs will actually be. And we have to adjust the revaluation of tickets to that," said Brno opposition representative for the ANO movement and former Mayor Petr Vokřál.
D5 accident: Motorway closed by truck crash
The incident was reported around 08:00 on the 22nd kilometer in the direction of Prague. "The highway is closed, at least for freight traffic. Passenger cars can go through a gas station," police spokesperson Michaela Richterová said in the morning. Traffic was restored around 14:30. Preliminary damage is at least two million crowns, according to Richterová, the cause of the accident is being investigated by police officers.
Central Bohemian Fire Department spokesperson Petr Svoboda said that one truck was transporting passenger vehicles and the other a plastic granulate. "Due to the big impact, the transported vehicles were shifted, which the firefighters had to first secure against a possible fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank, which leaked about 200 litres of diesel. Another 200 litres were siphoned off by the firefighters. The environmental department of the Beroun town hall was called to the accident due to a fuel leak. The rescue of the crashed vehicles and the clearing of the highway was ensured by a private company, which also extracted the contaminated soil.
Failed Qualification. Czech Athletes Fail to Succeed in Doha
The World Championships in Doha began with qualifying setbacks for Czech Athletics. Diana Mezuliáníková fell in the 800-meter heats and neither pole-sitter Romana Maláčová nor hammer-sitter Kateřina Šafránková, who defended the eighth place she had surprised the previous year in London, failed to qualify.
The hurdler Vít Müller will also make the heats on Friday and Marcela Joglová will run the night marathon race.
Šafránková threw her third attempt at 65.46 meters and fell nearly six meters short of her year's best, which she would have had to improve in order to advance. Maláčová jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was already beyond her strength. To participate in the final it was necessary to overcome the limit of 460 cm.
Mezuliáníková, who got to the championship at the last minute thanks to an invitation from the international federation IAAF, finished in the fourth heat in the penultimate sixth place and even the time of 2:03.48 minutes was not enough to advance to the semifinals. She fell one and a half seconds behind her this year's best. "It was quite fast for me, unfortunately I was fighting with my opponent in the turn there, which took my strength quite a bit. I felt like I still had my strength, but it slowed me down there. I almost stopped and had to start again, so it was a bit uncomfortable in this one. I can't be completely satisfied," said the Czech representative.
She was glad that she overtook at least one opponent in the finish line. "She was really not well, so every defeated opponent was good. But I think it was for the fifth place. Unfortunately," she added. The fastest half-back in the heats was Winnie Nanyondová from Uganda in 2:00.36.
Missing from Doha is the best eight-setter in recent years Caster Semenya from South Africa, who has too high testosterone levels in her body, but like some other runners she refuses the treatment prescribed by IAAF rules as of this year.
In the 100-meter heats, the number one favorite was confirmed by American Christian Coleman, who with a time of 9.98 was the only one to get under the ten-second limit. His compatriot Justin Gatlin, who at 37 is aiming to defend his title, also made it to the semi-finals. Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who with a 9.86 is number two in this year's standings, was expected to compete against Coleman, who has a 9.81 this season.
Cuban Juan Miguel Echevarría showed great form already in the long jump qualifying, reaching 840 cm with his first jump. No athlete has jumped that far in the qualifying of the World Championships in the last 20 years. The 21-year-old Cuban leads this year's standings with a power of 865 cm.
French Oscar nominee Les Misérables opens the Be2Can festival
The Golden Bear and the two Actor Award winners from this year's Berlinale, the Director's Award and the Jury Prize from Cannes and much more will present the 6th edition of the festival film from Berlin, Venice and Cannes. This year, the Be2Can festival will bring a selection of the most remarkable and inspiring presented by the competitions of three major European film festivals.
The opening film of this year's festival will be the French drama Les Misérables, for which the author of the film Ladj Ly won the Jury's Award at this year's Cannes festival. The film is a French Oscar nominee. The premiere of the film in Prague will be personally presented by the representatives of the two main roles of police officers of the criminal unit, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zonga. Alexis Manenti is also the co-author of the script of the film.
Be2Can will take place this year in Prague's Lucerna and Edison Filmhub cinemas, as well as in Brno (Art cinema), Ostrava (Minikino) and Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) from 2 to 8 October.
The directorial feature debut of director Ladj Ly was presented and awarded at a number of other world festivals after its success in Cannes. It won the Best Film and Best Screenplay Awards at the Durban IFF, it was also shown at the IFF in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo and will soon be shown in San Sebastián as well.
But within the festival, audiences can also look forward to the films Synonyms, Young Ahmed, Intruder of the System, Goodbye, My Son, Sorry, We Missed You, Ghost City Anthology and At the Golden Glove. But they can also look forward to other fresh news from this year's Venice, which will head to the Czech distribution: sci-fi Ad Astra, Joker, the Czech triumph of Painted Bird.
Which Cities Will Disappear Under the Sea?
The vote by the upper house of Canada's parliament has confirmed a familiar rumor for days: Canada is revoking the honorary citizenship of the former human rights legend, Nobel Peace Prize winner Do Aung San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who spent years under house arrest for trying to bring freedom to her country, has lost her honorary title for her part in the genocide against the minority Rohingya nation.
The decision to revoke Suu Kyi's honorary citizenship was approved by the lower legislature a week ago, and senators have now unanimously endorsed it. "This is the right message for her, for Myanmar, and for the world," said independent Senator Ratna Omidvar, commenting on the decision of her colleagues. "We must make it clear that accomplices to genocide are not welcome here in Canada - all the more so as honorary citizens."
The Canadian Parliament's verdict does not technically change anything for Suu Kyi, it is just an honorary title, but on a symbolic level, it is a powerful message for her. The silence of a longtime human rights campaigner on the atrocities perpetrated by the army of majority-Buddhist Myanmar on the Muslim Rohingya minority for months on end is intolerable.
The fact that an officially organized genocide is taking place in Myanmar, and that Suu Kyi - the de facto prime minister of the country's government - has utterly failed in her duty to protect her citizens, was recently reported in a UN report. Specifically, it mentions the names of several army commanders who, according to the investigating team, should stand trial for crimes against humanity committed in actions that, as the report says, "shock both by the horror of their actions and by the sheer scale of their actions." According to the UN, Suu Kyi and her administration were complicit primarily in covering up the actions of the soldiers and releasing a mist of lies - such as an "anti-terrorist operation" - around them through protection.
With Suu Kyi's removal, five figures remain on Canada's list of honorary citizens: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tändzin Gjamccho, the 14th Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, the 49th Imam of Shiite Muslims, and Malala Yousafzai.
Developments around the former icon of the struggle for freedom and democracy have also been reflected by the Canadian Museum of Human Rights, where Suu Kyi's profile has been updated with information about atrocities against the Rohingya and a parliamentary decision to strip her of the title of honorary citizen. "We have also dimmed the illumination of her picture on a tableau showing the timeline of the struggle for human rights, and we are thinking of replacing her face with a portrait of a member of the Rohingya minority," Canadian media quotes museum spokesman Rorie McLeod as saying.
The only thing that will remain in Suu Kyi's current turmoil - at least for now - is the Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to her at the suggestion of Václav Havel in 1991 for her enormous contribution to the fight for democracy. "While Ms Suu Kyi's current actions are regrettable, her award will not be nullified," Nobel Foundation head Lars Heikensten told CBS Canada.
Microplastics have reached the human gut, study confirms for the first time
Scientists have confirmed their suspicions over several years. A team led by University of Vienna professor Philipp Schwable has published a study that proves for the first time the presence of microplastics in human faeces. While the study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia, tiny particles of plastics measuring between 50 and 500 micrometers were found in samples of all the subjects studied. None of the eight subjects was vegetarian, six of them did not avoid sea fish, all drank water from plastic bottles and food wrapped in plastic.
And it would actually be a bit of a miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplastics - which are either produced directly, for example, for the needs of the cosmetics industry, or are produced by breaking up larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water, and soft drinks; in short, everywhere on the planet. So their entry into the human digestive system has only been officially confirmed. There were roughly 20 particles of microplastics per ten grams of faeces, and scientists estimate that more than half of the world's population will have them in them.
Of course, the layman and the scientist know that this is not a good thing. But humanity still doesn't know how bad it is - and what effect microplastics have on "host" organisms. Small particles can reach the bloodstream or the lymphatic system and end up in the liver, for example. "This is the first study of its kind, and it has confirmed what we have long thought. Now that we have the first evidence of microplastics in the human body, we must continue to investigate exactly what this means for human health," says Schwabl.
So far, it is known that microplastics in the gut can negatively affect the immune responses of the digestive system, thereby facilitating the absorption of toxic chemicals and other pathogens into the body. And so far, there is no known solution other than to reduce the use of plastics, especially polypropylene. But this will be difficult - the first task facing governments and authorities will at least be to stop its steep increase. As for plastic bottles alone, experts estimate that in three years, mankind will consume one-fifth more than it does today. The current rate is a staggering one million bottles bought per minute. Every year, roughly eight million tons of plastic end up in the seas and oceans. Waste threatens marine ecosystems and infects the digestive systems of marine animals.
Some nations have already moved to restrictions and other measures, for example, Kenya - under threat of draconian penalties - has banned plastic bags. The European Commission is considering small bans (well-known straws), and the country's environment ministry is moving in the same direction. But critics say that such measures, while nice, are totally inadequate.
Harry in the footsteps of Princess Diana (†36)! Where's Meghan?
Diana was exceptional in that she could grab people's hearts. In January 1997, she caused a stir when she visited Africa and especially the minefield. The pictures of her wearing a protective suit and a face shield became iconic. And even then, no one could have known that a few months later, the Princess of Human Hearts would die in a tragic car accident in Paris.
Now her younger son, Harry, has also scored a point by going to the same place as her after 22 years. He went to the mine clearance site in Diric, Angola, also donning a special protective suit while looking very thoughtful. He couldn't help remembering his beloved mother, whom he had lost at just 13 years old.
Harry gave a speech on the spot where he praised the efforts of the Halo Trust, which works to defuse minefields and other explosives in countries where war has taken place. "Minefields are the unhealed wounds of war. By cleaning them up we can help the community find the peace that comes with opportunity," he said, also appealing to save and maintain wildlife and the local river as a source of water. After this visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huambo to rename the local orthopaedic centre after his famous mother, Princess Diana.
He also remembered to mention her on his official Instagram account: "The Duke is honoured to visit the place and community that were so important to his mother, to get to know their tireless mission and to speak for all those she (Diana) felt most needed to be heard, even if the problem was not exactly popular worldwide," Sussex Royal's Instagram post said.
But royal fans may be disappointed that he did not take his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months) on such a quest to remember Diana. Both have had separate agendas for Harry since Wednesday, apparently for their protection. After all, taking a small baby to a minefield doesn't sound very safe, and Harry doesn't want to endanger his beloved family at any cost.
Only children. We don't have reproduction for sure, but we don't have to scare
Some words have ominous connotations, even if they only communicate the state of things. They include the word only child. It refers to a child growing up without siblings, but it doesn't sound neutral. "You know, only child," they say, without needing to add. Interestingly, this trait has always been carried by the "only child," back in the days when words like demographic crisis were not widely used.
Now even people outside the scientific community know that to ensure simple reproduction of the population, a fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman is required. It is also widely known that in Europe today no state achieves this rate. At most, France or Sweden are close to it, but the simple reproduction rate of the population is not assured by European states. (Within the West, only Israel stands out, with a combined fertility rate of 3.1 children per woman.) It is a situation made for alarmism. That is why it is no surprise when the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs, Maláčová, also falls for it: "There are almost as many only children as there are two-child families," she said in an interview with the LN. But she neglected the devil hidden in the detail.
Yes, it is good to raise the issue instead of downplaying or ideologising it. Like in Germany, where campaigning for more children easily gets the label of fascism (in the style of "so supported by Hitler"). It's good to be reminded that many couples plan only children. It is good if politicians show the will to remove the obstacles that lead to these decisions (for example, a weak expansion of work from home discourages women from continuing to become pregnant). But despite all this, let us point out one thing.
When Minister Maláčová says that "there are almost so many only children", there is a drop of demagogy. That statement was correct 20 years ago. Let us remember that fertility in the Czech Republic last ensured simple reproduction in 1980 ("Husák's children"). Then it dropped to a formidable 1.14 in 2000. But since then it has risen by almost fifty percent, to the current 1.70 children per woman, which is above the European average. This is not yet sufficient for simple reproduction, so political action is appropriate. Only with the alarmism can they take it down a notch.
Costa Rica is a champion in the fight against climate change
Costa Rica received the title for several reasons. For starters, for its plan to be carbon-neutral by 2050 - but plenty of countries have pledged to do so under the Paris Agreement. The Central American nation, with a population of around five million, produces only 0.4 percent of the world's emissions. Costa Rica has also pledged to fully switch to renewable energy by 2030, with 70 percent of buses or taxis running on electricity.
The official tourism organization says that already about 95 percent of energy comes from renewable sources - in 2017 Costa Rica operated on them for a total of 300 days.
Costa Rica boasts nearly 30 national parks.
The density of forests contributes to the reduction of emissions. Rainforests with diverse fauna and flora, which cover more than half of the country's territory, are also one of the main tourist draws. "Costa Rica is a pioneer in the field of nature conservation and sets an example for other states in the region, but also around the world. Climate change requires urgent action from all of us," the UN said in a statement.
Costa Rica boasts nearly 30 national parks, which is a lot given the small size of the country (51,100 square kilometers). Rainforests or misty forests, coral reefs or mangrove marshes are home to five percent of the world's biodiversity. The country also has volcanoes, picturesque waterfalls and you would also find several rescue stations for sloths.
The Night of Scientists begins in Prague
"In Prague, I would definitely visit the Czech Technical University and see a model of how smart cities will look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Institute of Anatomy at the Medical Faculty, which is normally not accessible to the public," advises the National Coordinator of the Night of Scientists, Jitřenka Navrátilová.
The Institute of Anatomy offers a tour of the autopsy room and a chance to try working with surgical instruments.
"Then I would go to the Czech Technical University and watch the film Green Desert," adds Navrátilová. Nine laboratories will offer guided tours. The motto of this year's Night of Scientists is "the gentle planet."
Prosecutor-General reopens prosecution of mother who manipulated daughter against father
Prosecutor-General Pavel Zeman disagrees with the acquittal of a mother who manipulated her daughter for a long time and interfered with her relationship with her father. She faced charges of abuse and endangering her upbringing. The Regional Court acquitted her, Zeman disagrees. Such behavior can be seen as a criminal act, according to his appeal to the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court's decision could have a broader impact on other cases. "A more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse can be considered necessary also from the point of view of directing further application practice," reads Zeman's appeal.
Last year, the District Court in Svitavy first found the woman guilty of abuse of the person entrusted to her and endangering the upbringing of the child. She formed a strong, even symbiotic bond with her daughter, even in a situation where she was supposed to be entrusted to her father.
The result was a pathological fixation with her mother and a markedly negative relationship with her father. The situation marked the emotional development of the daughter, who was even hospitalized, threatening self-harm in the event of being transferred to the father's care.
The Svitavy court sentenced the mother to two years in prison with a two-year probation, but the Pardubice branch of the regional court acquitted the woman on appeal, saying it was not a criminal offense. The same verdict was repeated by the regional court even after the Supreme Court once ordered it to rule again.
The regional court found that situations in which one parent manipulates a child against another are not exceptional. They are resolved in guardianship proceedings, possibly with the help of psychologists or social protection authorities for youth. Only exceptionally is the solution criminal law.
However, according to the Attorney General, the woman committed both abuse and endangering her upbringing. "The accused acted quite deliberately in stirring up negative feelings in her daughter towards her father, and she purposefully reinforced those negative emotions. By acting in this way, she not only pursued the illicit intention to limit or exclude the father's contact with the minor, but she must have been aware that she would be causing negative consequences in the psychosocial sphere of the minor," the appeal reads.
Zeman asked the Supreme Court to refer the case back to the regional court. The appeal states that the child is now in the custody of the father.
Stand down, Czernin called Schiller for saying opposition dirt
"I find it completely unacceptable that a member of the Czech government anywhere, still less on the floor of the parliament, should use such totalitarian expression," Czernin wrote in an open letter to Schiller.
Her words caused a stir when discussing a draft constitutional lawsuit against President Miloš Zeman. The opposition did not get enough votes and the draft constitutional lawsuit that the Senate came up with was thrown off the table by MPs.
"I get dozens of messages from people I don't know. There is not a single vote in support of this lawsuit. There are messages in support of the president and messages like how taxpayers' money is being spent here, how empty straws are being beaten here. And I even dare to quote one of them: It's opposition and senatorial dirt," the finance minister said.
"With these words, the Nazis used citizens of Jewish origin and the Communists used to call their political opponents. It's totalitarian rhetoric, without a modicum of respect for man and opinion," TOP 09 Vice-President Czernin wrote to the minister, who will compete for the post of party chairman with former First Vice-Chair Markéta Pekarová Adamová in the autumn.
"I was quoting one of many messages that I received dozens of during the course of the House proceedings. Their common denominator was disgust at the constant personal defamation that we see in domestic politics on a daily basis and that was also the main motive for Thursday's House proceedings. The fact that someone refers to themselves surprises me," Schiller responded to ČTK.
Stores destroyed, street fires, memorial procession followed by riots
Five years ago, 43 students of a university in Ayotzinapa disappeared, despite extensive investigations, the case has not yet been clarified. It is alleged that the students were detained by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not clear exactly what happened after that, but according to the investigation, the students apparently ended up in the hands of a local syndicate and were subsequently killed and burned, reports APTN.
On Thursday, a memorial procession took place in Mexico's capital, families wishing to express their frustration that they were still unable to find answers and explain the disappearance of their children.
But the largely peaceful march was disrupted by smaller groups of vandals, who destroyed everything in their path: vandals destroyed shops and hotels, did not shy away from destroying monuments, set fires around the city and blew out windows.
Even before the march, President Andres Manuel López Obrador said he would do everything to catch them and asked the public for any information that would lead to a clarification of the case.
Over 142 people were detained as part of the investigation, but not one of them could be convicted, many of whom had to be released because their human rights had been violated, investigators reportedly were supposed to torture the suspects, adds APTN.
Mahulena Bochanova interrupted her year-long detox and is sinning again!
More than a year ago, Mahulena Bochanova told Lightning that she had given up alcohol. "During the holidays, I decided to give my old, battered fifty-year-old body a breather. I gave myself a deadline forever. I feel terribly rested, I have a lot of energy and mainly my psyche has improved. I haven't been mentally well lately. I'm getting up better, I don't have a headache, I have more energy, more money."
A year's abstinence was enough and the actress found her way back to alcohol again. "Sometimes I have bubbles or quality wine, but I don't drink what I used to. I have one drink and I have fun until morning. I have a bottle of wine in the fridge for a week. I also enjoyed non-alcoholic beer, which I can drink at any time," said Mahulena, who still forms a couple with Brno businessman Petr.
Bočanová also returned to the theatre season after the holidays and will take a new role in the series Ordinace in the Rose Garden. "I'm ashamed of the first two performances, I was really bad, I overheard myself. But I'm getting better," smiles the actress critically.
Jaromír Soukup spoke about Gotta: He mainly wishes him peace
Moderator and entrepreneur Jaromír Soukup (50) does not shy away from any questions. In his show Call and Write to the Boss, he publicly comments on various topics. And he is not a stranger to tabloid cases, which he gloats sparkly and wittily. Although this time he did not feel like laughing.
Jaromír Soukup commented on the sad news, which is a very serious illness of Karel Gott. He promised the singer one very considerate thing for himself.
"You know, Karel got sick and said it fairly, without the need to poke around tabloid journalists. I don't want to comment on it, it's a serious illness, we all appreciate Karel Gott immensely. And I would of course wish him a successful treatment and especially peace! Peace, which he needs now," commented the TV owner Barrandov.
"I wish the media would leave him alone. And wait for the news that the Master himself decides to give to the media. I don't much like the various expressions of what his old acquaintances and various celebrities think about his health. And I can say for our media that we will only address his illness and his person if he shows an interest in it. In my opinion, the other media should consider a similar approach."
Young Czechs think they are good with money. Survey does not confirm this
"It turns out that young Czechs have somewhat more confidence in their knowledge of finance than they do in reality. In this case, women and respondents without a high school diploma had a significantly greater share of wrong answers," said KRUK director Jaroslava Palendalová.
Men and young high school or university students are more likely to believe in their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs learn the most about the functioning of financial matters from their parents (37 percent), by self-study on the Internet (23 percent) and only in the third row from teaching at school (21 percent).
Women consult with their parents on issues around finance, while men are more likely to look for information on the Internet. Getting information about finances from their parents predominates in all age categories of young people, regardless of their educational attainment or personal income. Prospects from financial institutions, professional magazines and publications have practically minimal influence.
"Once again, the importance of raising children by their parents, who represent the authority in all major areas of life, is being demonstrated. Therefore, the key level of financial literacy of parents, who pass on their knowledge and experience to their offspring," said Palendalová.
Savings and investments are preferred by 94 percent of young people.
Clearly, young people are on the question of whether it is better to save and buy, for example, your own house or flat, or to enjoy and spend money, without savings and own housing.
The strategy of saving and investing in long-term tangible assets is followed by 94 percent of respondents. This is true across all age categories of young people, regardless of educational attainment, social status or current level of personal income.
The strategy of saving is then 100 percent supported by people married with two or more children and employees in the public sector. On the contrary, people living alone and with an income of more than CZK 30,000 per month are more likely to enjoy themselves.
The hunter was injured in a fall from his perch, he was carried to the ambulance for three hours
The unfortunate accident occurred before 7:30 p.m. in the peak areas at Čertova mlýn.
"It was a very complex and inaccessible terrain, so we sent five of our rescuers with the appropriate equipment to the injured man. At the same time, we asked for the cooperation of the Medical Rescue Service of the Moravian-Silesian Region. The paramedics then dispatched an ambulance to the accident," Libor Kluz, dispatcher of the Beskydy Mountain Service, described the circumstances of the intervention.
Rescuers found the hunter in a targeted location with multiple injuries. They treated him immediately and then gently, but with difficulty, transported him on a so-called Austrian trolley across the impassable terrain.
"The transport in the route of about one and a half kilometers was slow and difficult. The injured nimrod was therefore handed over to the ambulance crew after approximately three hours," added Libor Kluz.
Luckily, according to Radan Jaškovský, the authorized chief of the Beskydy Mountain Rescue Service and also an intervening rescuer, a fellow hunter was able to describe in detail where the injured man was.
"We found him relatively quickly, however, if he had the Ambulance app on his phone, our rescuers would certainly have been there earlier and at the same time the 155 dispatch would have known about the accident and his situation immediately," commented Radan Jaškovský.
He added that a charged mobile phone with the Ambulance app activated should be commonplace in the mountains today.
Zeman the Monument Maker - The Man Stretching the Constitution Calls for Enforcement of the Law
Those who move in a divided society and do not want to go completely crazy will welcome situations where they do not have to root only for their own. When they can also give the benefits to those whom they otherwise criticize. If only so that they do not feel that they are oriented only by the previously assigned labels. Such situations include a list of severely damaged monuments, which President Zeman fences during his favorite trips to the regions.
Everyone knows what this is about. And those who occasionally travel through the Czech Republic see many of those devastated monuments - from the centers of historic cities to individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches or farms - with their own eyes. Everyone suspects that demagogy can come to the word here too. That if we criticize the town hall for not taking care of the monuments or some horror in the zoning plan, it can be the work of former administrations. Or a building privatized, whose owner is not traceable. The head of state of local politics calls: "Paragraph of the Monuments Act allows you to fine owners of objects who do not take care of their property." But even if the owner is unreachable, it must be admitted that the president calls for law enforcement. Even critics of his bending of the constitution should recognize this as a plus.
Of course, Milos Zeman would not be Milos Zeman if he considered all the details and formalities of a complex problem. But he stands for a good cause much like squatters, which he does not recognize himself. Two years ago we wrote: "Despite all the abuse, squatters draw attention to a problem outside the current interest. That this or that building is in disrepair." And let's admit that the president is de facto doing the same.
When you arrive in the historical centre of Jáchymov, you are amazed at how devastated it is - including the houses with Renaissance cores. At a time when Jáchymov is celebrating 500 years of silver mining and the stamping of dollars (for Americans dollars). Why? Because of the rapid sale of houses in the 1990s, officials there say. But why is it that seven kilometres away Island, the seat of the Schliks who stamped the Jáchymov dollars, has the historical core nicely repaired? It is good if the president draws attention to these things.
Babiš called for security cooperation in memorial of terror victims
Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and his wife Monika visited Ground Zero in New York on September 27, 2019.
Terrorism is the main enemy against which all nations of the world should fight together. At the end of a five-day visit to the United States, Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš said today at the New York memorial of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. The Prime Minister paid tribute to the memory of the two victims of Czech origin.
"It's a very moving place," said the Prime Minister as he, accompanied by his wife Monika, laid a white rose next to the names of Lukáš Rambouska and the Czechoslovak expatriate Alena Sešínová. Both were among the more than 2,750 dead claimed by the hijacked aircraft attack on the former World Trade Center (WTC) skyscraper pair. The towers of the WTC collapsed on impact, and in their place there is now a memorial with a list of the victims.
"It is necessary to remember what happened here, the horror," said Babiš. The attack on the U.S. on September 11, 2001 was described by the Prime Minister as the reason why the U.N. should cooperate in a united campaign against international terrorism. In addition to destroying the skyscrapers of the WTC, the hijacked aircraft crashed into the building of the Ministry of Defense in Washington and they planned another strike on a target in Washington, probably the White House or Congress, but this aircraft crashed when the passengers confronted the hijackers.
"This is our main enemy, where all the countries of the world should come together and fight international terrorism in a coordinated way," added the Czech Prime Minister.
Slovenians beat Polish World Champions and are in the final of the European Championships
Slovenian volleyball players will play sensationally for the premier title of European Champions. Supported by nearly 12,000 rioting fans in Ljubljana, they beat the reigning two-time World Champions Poles 3-1 and are the first finalists.
Who they will challenge in Sunday's climax in Paris will be decided on Friday between France and Serbia.
The Slovenian team was much more compact than the Polish World Champions in the semi-finals. They had only the start of the first set and with luck the end of the second set, but the home volleyball players were outmatched in defence and only the native León from Cuba basically scored from the players in the red and white jersey.
On the other hand, the home line-up featured both pack-mates Chebulj and Urnaut, as well as the second all-rounder Štern, who soon replaced the bland Gasparini. The Poles paid the price for winning all their previous matches at this Euro with mastery, while the Slovenians gained confidence after heavy battles in the play-offs with both the Bulgarians and the Russians.
With the Poles in August this year, the Slovenes lost 1:3 in the Olympic qualification in Gdansk, but they were beaten back at home. But now Stožica will leave the sold-out Ljubljana arena. However, after today they have a second medal in history, in Paris they can improve on the unexpected silver medal from the European Championships four years ago.
At the previous European Championships, the Slovenes finished eighth, behind the Czech national team.
Technology companies want to rule our cities
Francis Fukuyama's history is a little off. In 1992, at the height of the wave of liberalism that followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political scientist wrote in his most famous book, The End of History and the Last Man: "What we may be witnessing... is the final point of the ideological evolution of humanity and the universal acceptance of Western liberal democracy as the ultimate form of governance."
Twenty-six years later, we are rather witnessing, from the US to Russia, from Turkey to Poland, and from Hungary to Italy, rather illiberal models prevailing and various forms of nationalism and radicalism flourishing. Fukuyama's current ninth book, Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment, attempts to match the onset of these forces. As his interview with George Eaton for the New Statesman shows, he is rethinking many of his former positions: he argues that the ideas of socialism should be put back into the public domain, and Marx was right about much of this. While he also insists that his intellectual development is still in line with the position of the 1990s, and critics of The End of History and the Last Man have misunderstood.
"What I was saying at the time was that one of the problems with modern democracy is that while it provides peace and prosperity, people want more than that ... Liberal democracy doesn't even try to define what a good life is. It leaves it to individuals who feel alienated, don't see the point, and therefore come together in identity groups that give them a sense of belonging."
In its time, The End of History and the Last Man was written as a powerful argument against Marxists who saw communism as the final stage of history. When Fukuyama is asked about how he now perceives the rise of the Socialists in Britain and the US, he replies, "It all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we're talking about ownership of the means of production, I don't think it's going to work, except when clear public services are in demand. But if you're talking about redistribution programs that try to address the huge imbalance in income and wealth that we're seeing, yes. I don't just think he could come back, he should come back. The long period that started with President Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher, in which certain types of ideas about the benefits of an unregulated market came into play, has had a disastrous effect in many ways."
In the end, Fukuyama tries to calm the current situation as well, warning all liberals that even the emergence of new, not-quite-democratic regimes won't mean the end of history.
Soldiers rehearse, draw the curtains. China prepares celebrations at massacre site
The army rehearsed the parade over recent weekends. Shops in downtown Beijing had to close and residents near the square were ordered to close the curtains. Military vehicles rolled toward the square on empty streets and combat aircraft circled in the sky.
Several Chinese told Reuters they were proud that their country would put its military might on display, but one woman said it was hard to deny that the celebrations would unsettle other nations.
She seemed to be referring to Taiwan, which China claims and where elections are coming up, but there may also be concern in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, where thousands of people have repeatedly demonstrated against China's installed administrator.
Celebrations are being prepared outside Beijing. South China's port of Xiamen already put on a special light show on Thursday night. Xiamen lies across from island Taiwan and is one of China's ten most innovative cities.
Before the anniversary, the list of banned items is growing, with drones, balloons, dragons, alcohol, radios and radio-wave devices already on it, the Guardian pointed out, adding that China's popular social network Weibo erases "damaging political information."
"This is another milestone, another opportunity to show that China's Communist Party remains (at the oar) despite all predictions," said historian Maura Cunningham, who works on China. "This is the moment when the Party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was established in 1949 when the Communists led by Mao Zedong won a battle with Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalists, who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960s, China underwent a disastrous communist experiment in the form of the so-called Cultural Revolution. In June 1989, the Tiananmen regime massacred thousands of pro-democratic demonstrators, both students and workers, with tanks.
Since the late 1970s, China has increasingly taken over elements of the capitalist economy. According to critics, it is now a mixture of the worst of communism (one-party monopoly and persecution of the opposition) and (Dickensian) capitalism (exploitation of workers).
Czech or children denied entry. CTI revealed discrimination in restaurants
These included, for example, erroneous information about prices and non-compliance with the principles of fairness of sales.
In one case of discrimination, a restaurant in Prague refuses to allow smaller children into the business. On its website, according to CTI, it writes that the facility is not suitable for children under the age of eight. "When asked electronically by a consumer whether it is possible to order a table for four adults and one child at the age of four in the restaurant, the restaurant employee electronically replied that they do not accept the presence of children under the age of eight in the restaurant," Fröhlich added.
In the second case, another Prague establishment did not want to allow Czech-speaking people to sit at the table, while English-speaking people allowed it. "Czech-speaking inspectors, in the position of a consumer, were not allowed to sit at the table and place an order in the restaurant. English-speaking consumers were allowed to do so," a spokesperson for CTI described the situation.
Both cases are now being dealt with in administrative proceedings. As they have not yet been finalized, the spokesperson for the inspection was not able to provide further information on the restaurants mentioned.
However, discrimination occurred only in a very small part of the restaurants inspected in the second quarter. In total, the CTI carried out 139 inspections. In addition to the two cases of discrimination, it found other errors in 64 cases, mostly in compliance with the principles of fairness of sales and in failing to inform consumers about the prices of products and services in accordance with the regulations.
Already on Wednesday, the inspection reported on cases of discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreigners were charged higher amounts than Czech-speaking clients. In these cases, final fines of CZK 60,000 have already been imposed.
The NEO account offers free withdrawals from ATMs around the world!
Roughly half of all Czechs who go abroad have become accustomed to paying directly by card, according to surveys. The main reasons include comfort, security, as well as the possibility of using travel insurance, which is often associated with a payment card.
Travellers in almost all corners of the world can appreciate the convenience of paying by card. This is especially true in popular tourist destinations, but today payment cards are accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, for example for work, do not have time to repeatedly go to exchange offices to exchange cash. Nor do "vacationers" want to rely on cash being sufficient for them. Moreover, some foreign currencies are not even available to Czech banks or exchange offices. We have therefore solved this with the NEO account so that its users can withdraw cash free of charge from all ATMs, wherever they are," says Kateřina Petko, Director of Marketing and Communications and Spokesperson for Expobank CZ.
Moreover, a payment card is a much more reliable way of not losing your money than cash. When a full wallet is lost, its owner may not wait for the money he carried in it. However, if he only loses his payment card, he can easily block it immediately over the phone or via internet banking. If he acts quickly, he may not suffer any financial loss at all. "Keeping money in a bank account has other advantages besides its reliable protection. For example, with the NEO account, the interest rate is 1.6% per year, which is among the highest among current and savings accounts. Its opening and administration takes place completely online without the need to visit a branch. In addition, the money in the bank account is insured up to EUR 100,000 and the account management is completely free," adds Kateřina Petko.
Travel insurance should be a matter of course for anyone planning to go abroad. Thanks to the possibility of arranging it and paying by card online, it is possible to do so even at the last minute. However, just owning a payment card often means insurance protection when travelling. "For example, with embossed MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business cards, travel insurance is an integral part of foreign travel to all countries of the world. Holders of these cards can also insure their family with whom they are travelling. This often eliminates any other arrangements," adds Kateřina Petko from Expobank CZ. However, it is always advisable to check the scope of the insurance, i.e. whether it covers all activities that travellers plan to undertake.
We are looking for motivated immigrants. The head of the children's clinic is building an international team of doctors, we bring their stories
An Albanian woman, Ledjona Toni, studied medicine in Czech and today few people recognize that she is a foreigner.
In the Czech Republic, hundreds of doctors from abroad are studying who could stay and work here. A pediatric clinic in Motol, Prague, tried to recruit some of them.
To arrive at Motol Hospital in Prague around 5 p.m., Tara Hussein Tayeb had to get up early. A Kurdish woman with close-cropped hair flew to the Czech Republic from Suleimania, a city in northeastern Iraq, where she works as a pediatrician in a hospital and in the afternoon still treats small patients in private practice. She also teaches at a university.
In Indianapolis, she is on the verge of advancing after the first round
Golfer Klara Spilkova is on the verge of advancing to the final rounds after the first round of the Tech Championship in Indianapolis. On Thursday, she made two birdies, two bogeys at the LPGA Series tournament and finished the opening day in par. With a 72, she is tied for 69th, which is the expected cut.
Spilkova, 24, returned to the circuit a month ago after a two-month medical break and did not make it to the second half of the tournament in Portland. She was rested due to fatigue and exhaustion after an overtrained illness.
The first Czech winner of a professional tournament at the European LET Series is a first-year member of the LPGA Tour and so far has not fared well. She has made the cut three times out of 12 tournaments, the best being 32nd in Hawaii. She is fighting to keep her card for the next season.
In Indianapolis, Korea's Hor Mizhong was the best player to start the tournament. After the first round, she has a score of -9 and a two-shot lead over three opponents.
The Prague Stock Exchange grew moderately, Czech banks, O2 or Avast did well
The Prague Stock Exchange closed the trading week with a modest rise. The PX index rose 0.13 percent to 1038.45 points. Czech banks, telecommunications company O2 or technology company Avast were leading it up. On the other hand, Austrian titles and media company CME did not do well. This is the result of trading on the exchange's website.
For most of Friday's session, the Prague Stock Exchange traded in slightly positive territory and eventually finished with a small gain. "However, for the whole week, it lost (the PX index) slightly over one percent," said Josef Dudek from Fio banka.
Domestic banks partly corrected the declines of the past few days. Komerční banka improved by 0.82 percent to CZK 803 and Moneta Money Bank by 0.41 percent to CZK 72.80. Avast shares appreciated by 0.89 percent to CZK 113 and operator O2 added 0.46 percent to CZK 216.50.
Kofola's securities grew the most, by 1.38 per cent to CZK 294. Philip Morris, a tobacco company, gained less than a per cent and its shares rose to CZK 13,640.
CEZ's energy company securities stagnated at CZK 520 on Thursday.
Three stocks were loss-making - Erste Bank wrote down 0.87 per cent to CZK 779.20, CME 0.73 per cent to CZK 109 and VIG 0.40 per cent to CZK 618.
The crown weakened slightly against both major world currencies. It lost four pennies to the euro at CZK 25.85/EUR, three pennies to the dollar at CZK 23.62/USD. According to data on Patria Online.
My heart is like a bell and the lungs of a non-smoker. I'll just have a few infusions, joked Zeman
The head of state underwent a medical examination at the Central Military Hospital on Tuesday for several hours. According to the director of the hospital Miroslav Zavoral, doctors found no "diseased states" in the president. The president will celebrate his 75th birthday on Saturday.
The doctors at the president's check-up revealed mild signs of dehydration. His problems with low pressure were caused by insufficient hydration. "To fix the dehydration of the organism, I'll have a few infusions to get minerals into my body," said Zeman.
However, according to him, the director of the Central Military Hospital stated that "the Czech state has a healthy president." The president mentioned in this context that Zavoral had received several hateful messages because of the medical examination.
According to the president, doctors examined him thoroughly and did not miss a single spot on his body. "So a brief recap: heart beats like a bell, lungs are clean as if he is not a smoker, liver functions as if I am a teetotaler, kidneys are also fine and I can continue on and on," said Zeman.
The editorial iDNES.cz contacted the military hospital to comment on Zeman's statement about his health.
The issue of Zeman's health became a topic especially during last year's presidential election or during some public appearances during which Zeman has obvious problems with walking. According to the Prague Castle, the president has trouble walking because of diabetic polyfunctional neuropathy. He also has problems with low pressure and worse hearing. Because of his health, he has reduced smoking.
Scientists are looking for toddlers with a birth defect called ankle valgozita for their study
Ankle valgozita is a birth defect that affects five to ten percent of children. It is normally treated with intensive exercise. Scientists are trying to help these children even more, so they have developed special shoes that should significantly speed up the treatment.
"We have two prototype shoes that will be worn by healthy children and children with a diagnosis to map the effect in both groups. Participation in the research will have no risks for the children and the measurements will be completely painless," explains Marta Gimunová, head of research from the Faculty of Sports Studies at MU.
Parents of both groups of children can apply for the study via the web, where a registration form and all information is available.
Scientists are looking for fifty children with a diagnosis and fifty healthy children. Of each group, half will always wear health shoes and half will not.
"The moment when parents should enroll their child is the moment when they start taking the first separate steps, typically letting go of the furniture they hold when trying to walk. Participation in the research involves three measurements within seven months of the child's first steps, each lasting about 20 minutes, and for half of the participants it also includes wearing the tested shoes," Gimun points out. ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​"
A pike in a pond or a relatively affluent open-air museum?
Babiš chose for his optimistic view statistics such as good security (the Czech Republic is the seventh in the world), low unemployment rate, low national debt or the fact that our country is, according to one recent study, the 24th in quality of life out of 140 countries evaluated.
Developer Dušan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot, in a television interview on the occasion of the Architecture and Development Summit, however, cited other, far less "rosy" data. For example, the Czech Republic is 154th in the world in the speed of construction proceedings. It may be that the current economic "boom" will not leave behind any significant architectural heritage as it was in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only the existing legislation, but also the slow, inefficient bureaucracy, which is documented by comparative studies in which the Czech Republic lags significantly behind the developed countries in the overall quality and performance of public administration.
Our country has not yet been able to make good use of the potential of the good economic situation of recent years to invest in the future. It is nice that salaries and pensions are increasing, but people with an improving standard of living will also want to have a place to live, travel modern and fast, have quality cultural stands, live without an intolerable environmental burden.
But in the capital Prague, for example, it has not been possible for years to complete the inner and outer circuit or to build a speedway or metro to the airport. And Prague does not even have a modern, architecturally courageous national library, concert hall or national gallery. The reason for this is not only the absurd tussle over architectural competitions, zoning plans and building permits, but also some specifically Czech conservatism, which adheres to the motto "any more courageous change is for the worse."
And when it seems that something bolder could succeed, it will almost certainly be thwarted by monuments or other somewhat opinionated societies, or by politicians. In the absurd drama surrounding the "blob" of Jan Kaplický designed for the new building of the National Library, even President Václav Klaus wanted to tie himself to the backhoes.
The list does not end with Prague, however. The Czech Republic is not able to complete its backbone motorway network or to start building train speedways, so Germany has finally decided to lead its tracks for superfast trains from Berlin to Vienna by "detour" through Bavaria. Moreover, repairs of existing infrastructure are often drowned in shenanigans. Getting quickly from Prague to Brno is now a puzzle.
Babiš came into politics promising to "get things done." As far as meaningful investments and acceleration of cumbersome bureaucratic procedures are concerned, however, not much has happened yet. An amendment to the law on the acceleration of transport infrastructure construction has been in force since 2018, but we will have to wait for more extensive favourable impacts, such as easier land expropriation. And a new building law, approved by the government, which should reduce the current average length of construction proceedings from 5.4 years to one year, will, if we are lucky, start to apply from 2021. But many people would probably not bet on it.
Nečesaný wants 45 million from the state
According to the spokesperson of the office Vladimír Řepka, the Ministry of Justice has received six applications in this connection so far and is now analysing them. The young man was in prison for two years for assaulting a woman, but the judiciary eventually acquitted him.
The appeal in the case was not lodged by the Attorney General Pavel Zeman or by the Minister of Justice Marie Benešová.
The attempted murder of the hairdresser in Hořice happened in February 2013. The Hradec prosecutor's office indicted the then 20-year-old high school student Nečesaný. The prosecution claimed that he hit the woman several times in the head with a log and then took over ten thousand crowns from her. The seriously injured woman was found by her son, her life was saved by the doctors of the Hradec hospital.
Nečesaný denied any wrongdoing from the beginning. "I am innocent and I swear to it. I am sincerely sorry about what happened to the victim, but I am not the perpetrator," the young man, who did not deny that he had been at the hairdresser's on the fateful day, said earlier in court. He said he wanted to get a haircut, but left after his wife told him that he was closing. He then turned himself in as a witness to the police.
The hairdresser did not initially recognize him as the aggressor during questioning, but later identified Nečesaný as the assailant. According to forensic experts, she suffered from memory lapses after the attack.
The Hradec regional court gradually handed down five sentences in the case. At first, Nečesaný was found guilty twice and sentenced to 16 years in prison, the appellate high court reduced his sentence to 13 years. Nečesaný gradually went to prison twice, but each time after the intervention of the Supreme Court he was freed. After the ordered exchange of the judicial senate, the acquittals were eventually repeatedly handed down, the last one being upheld by the high court in March this year.
However, the chairman of the appellate senate, Jiří Lněnička, also stated in the grounds of his conclusions that this decision was wrong, but due to the procedural situation, he said he did not have a better option. He said that he rejected the prosecutor's appeal against the acquittal verdict, even though her appeals were justified.
"The problem with this case is not that there is a lack of evidence, but its evaluation. We believe that sufficient evidence was gathered in the preliminary proceedings, which in another criminal case would have been more than sufficient for an admission of guilt," said Lněnička.
But Hradec, as well as the Supreme Court, looked at the case differently and their opinion would probably not be changed by further annulment of the acquittal.
Epilepsy complicated his love of sports, thanks to surgery he has a new hope
The first time his parents noticed that something was wrong with him was in a year and a half. He always stared into space for a few minutes, became immobile and did not react to anyone. The pediatrician therefore sent him to the pediatric neurological clinic, where doctors after a series of examinations made a diagnosis of epilepsy and immediately put him on medication, which however did not work immediately.
It took almost a year before doctors found the ideal combination of medications, thanks to which he completely stopped having seizures. At the age of five, doctors stopped his medications and because the seizures did not return, his parents thought that Honza was healthy and began to guide him more to sports. He rode his bike, skied, played tennis and floorball, spent his free time playing games with his sister and friends. At the age of eleven, however, he had another seizure and everything started anew.
Doctors tried different combinations of medications again, but this time nothing worked, the seizures in the form of absences kept repeating themselves. Since Honza always lost his senses during a seizure, his parents were terrified that he would get it during sports and get injured. Gradually, Honza stopped cycling and switched his downhill skis for cross-country skis and a snowboard. Although from time to time the sport caused him to have a seizure, he never gave it up completely. He even fulfilled his dream and ran the Spartan Race, but together with a friend who kept an eye on him constantly to help in case of an emergency.
When Honza was 15 years old, his parents decided to try to change doctors and turned to specialists at Motol University Hospital. After a series of examinations, the local doctors concluded that Honza was a candidate for surgery to remove a lesion from his brain - the source of epileptic seizures. "I had to have 2 surgeries in a row, first the doctors inserted probes into my brain to scan his activity, then they were able to remove the lesion. It was a hell for several weeks for me. I just had to lie there and hardly move, with wires sticking out of my head that were connected to a computer," recalls Honza.
The operation was successful and the doctors removed a relatively large lesion. "The first days after the operation were very psychologically challenging, Honza was apathetic, confused, sad and hardly spoke. It was a scary change compared to how he is normally alive and communicative, but fortunately after a few days everything returned to normal," describes mom and adds: "A month and a half after the operation he had 1 seizure, but according to the doctors it happens. Since then he has been seizure-free for 3 months."
This school year Honza will be graduating, besides sports he enjoys languages and he started working with E Company, with which he goes to meetings about epilepsy in schools. Sports activities Honza is not fully engaged yet, he starts to return to sport slowly. "I am learning how to play sports properly, how to breathe well, so that I don't put my body under sudden stress, which is quite a challenge with my competitive nature," explains Honza.
This year he will therefore not actively participate in the traditional EPPI boating triathlon, where epilepsy sufferers and healthy athletes meet and which takes place this weekend on 28 September 2019 at Veselská pískovně. But next year he will hopefully.
XXX Lutz can buy competitor Kika, the authority said. But there is a catch
"The Office for the Protection of Competition has authorised the merger of competitors - XLCEE-Holding GmbH on the one hand, and Kika Nábytek and Lambda Properties Czechia on the other hand - under the condition of fulfilling structural commitments set in favour of maintaining effective competition," said Martin Švanda, spokesperson for the Office for the Protection of Competition.
In addition to the XXX Lutz chain, XLCEE- Holding owns the Möbelix stores. If the Kika chain were also absorbed, it would occupy too large a part of the Czech furniture and accessories market. Therefore, it has to sell off part of the purchased company.
XLCEE-Holding also buys Kika branches in other countries where the chain operates, i.e. Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. The transaction must also be authorised by the antitrust authorities. The purchase of 22 foreign branches of the Kika chain from Signa holding was announced by XXX Lutz in May. Signa took over the failing Kika last year for a symbolic price.
The Kika chain entered the Czech market in 2005 and is second only to the Swedish firm IKEA. Before it was taken over by the Austrian company Signa, it belonged to the South African firm Steinhoff International Holdings since 2013. The latter faced problems when it revealed discrepancies in its accounts. Kika has nine outlets in the Czech Republic.
XXX Lutz has been operating in the Czech Republic since 2010. Besides IKEA, Sconto, Jysk or Asko-Furniture and Kika, it is one of the largest furniture retailers on the domestic market. The same owner is the brand Möbelix. After taking over Kika's foreign branches, XXX Lutz will operate over 300 department stores in 12 countries. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is 4.4 billion euros (about 114 billion CZK).
The library commemorates the anniversary of the death of Wenceslas IV with an exhibition of manuscripts
Six rare historical manuscripts from the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries, i.e. from the time of the Roman and Czech King Wenceslas IV, can be viewed today and Saturday by people in Prague's Klementinum. The National Library has released them from its vaults to commemorate this year's 600th anniversary of Wenceslas' death. This morning librarians and restorers placed the rare originals in display cases in the Mirror Chapel. Admission to the exhibition is free, it is open on both days from 10:00 to 18:00.
The exhibition of documents entitled Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the royal office and the library of Wenceslas IV was prepared by the library together with the National Archives. The National Archives looks at the written heritage from the time of the reign of Wenceslas IV from the point of view of official documents and the National Library from the point of view of literary works, said its author Jan Vojtíšek.
"Visitors can look forward, for example, to a work on agriculture by Peter de Crescentiis, which is basically a kind of encyclopedia of agriculture, or to a breviary, i.e. a prayer book of one of the Benedictines of St. George's Monastery at Prague Castle, from the beginning of the 15th century," he said, listing the reasons why people should look at the exhibition.
Also on display will be the Epistles of Peter of Blois, where in the opening miniature H (enrico) the half-figure of King Henry II of England is depicted. The author of the decoration is most likely the Master of Samson's History, who, in addition to two volumes of the Wenceslas IV Bible, also participated in the decoration of a number of other manuscripts. Visitors will also see a Latin collection of tracts by John Wycliffe from the period of about 1411 to 1414.
Not a single book from the library of Wenceslas IV has been preserved on Czech territory. According to experts, this library was one of the most extensive and also the most beautiful book collections in Central Europe at the time, because the young king wanted to build a representative library to match the book collections of his French relatives. However, the library disappeared soon after Wenceslas' death. Apparently, it was stolen or destroyed during the conquest of the castle by the Hussites. However, several codes have been saved. Today, the Austrian National Library owns the most of them.
"We have a number of treasures in our collections and I am glad that they are in a state that allows them to be exhibited and made available to the public so-called live and not only in the form of the digital library Manuscriptorium," said the director of the National Library Martin Kocanda.
On Saturday's national holiday, an exhibition entitled What's Hidden Under the Floor, which presents the local archaeological discoveries, will be opened in Klementinum free of charge.
Kristýna Plíšková failed to reach the final, her second title eludes her so far
Plíšková's environment in Tashkent was good, she won her first WTA tournament here in 2016, and this year she performed very well.
After her wins against Paolini, Kawa and Kužmová, she fought her way into the top four.
But the match against Alison Van Uytvancková did not go well for Kristýna. The Belgian held her serve and broke Plíšková's serve twice in the first set. In the second set, Van Uytvancková took an early 3-0 lead and Kristýna did not manage to break again, although she managed to convert one break point in the end. In the last one, she averted one match point, but the end came at the second.
Petra Černocká changed her image and did well! She got younger in her blonde hair
The film Saxana Petra Černocká (69) looks absolutely fantastic for her age. Although she will celebrate her life anniversary in November, she has never looked like a pensioner, and now she has helped it. She changed her image until her colleagues didn't recognize her.
The actress Petra Černocká never looked like a typical grandmother who had her hair streaked with grey, wore sedentary things and went out sporadically. She always took care of herself and the older she gets, the more she can relax in looking at her image.
Luckily she didn't succumb to the trend of plastic surgery and takes care of her skin with good old-fashioned indulone. And her anti-wrinkle recipe is paying off. But now she has changed her hair color and completely seen through.
When she came to a social event where celebrities were saying goodbye to summer, no one could recognize Petra. Not only did she have lighter and shorter hair, but she was also dressed in a yellow jacket that made her even more radiant.
Ladies should learn from Saxana how not to underestimate themselves, that even in their late 70s they can take risks with their looks, and it paid off for Petra, who looks no more than 50.
Journalist Zikmund or General Boček. The Senate handed out commemorative medals
Ninety-six-year-old Boček, who was a fighter pilot for the British Air Force during World War II, thanked all those awarded medals. "The Senate was one of the first who did not forget and does not forget war veterans," he said, among other things. "The award I received today also belongs to my friends who are no longer with us," he added.
In his speech, Kubera warned against dividing society. "Let us not forget our roots, which unite and shape us all, whether we want to or not. It is from these values that our successful present comes," said Kubera.
The awards were cardiologist and the most quoted Czech scientist Renata Cífková, long-time rector of Tomáš Bata University in Zlín Petr Sáha, geologist, writer and traveller and popularizer of science Václav Cílek, president of the Czech Biathlon Union and vice-president of the World Biathlon Union Jiří Hamza and František Paštěka. The Upper House praised his heroism - in January this year, he saved the life of his neighbor and his two-year-old granddaughter when he pulled them out of a burning car. Former upper house presidents Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch were also awarded medals.
Zikmund, together with Jiří Hanzelka, undertook a number of traveling expeditions around the world, during which they gathered a number of documentary material. Fištejn was a commentator and broadcast director of Radio Free Europe, now he cooperates with the public media. Steigerwald also acts as a playwright and screenwriter, musician Kocáb was the head of the parliamentary commission for overseeing the withdrawal of Soviet troops.
The medal was given in advance to astronomer and emeritus head of the United Nations Office for Space Affairs Luboš Perek, on the occasion of his hundredth birthday in July. Before the end of the year, the Czech native and first US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and the British philosopher and political scientist Roger Scruton, who, among other things, participated in the activities of the so-called underground university during the communist regime in the former Czechoslovakia, are to receive the same award.
The application will help equip the workshops. For points gained by moving
To equip the lumber workshop of the Hodonín Integrated School with new hand tools. This can now be done by everyone who downloads the EPP Help by moving app to their mobile phones.
"By moving you collect points, which you then credit to our project. You don't have to be a race runner or cyclist, points are added even if you are walking your dog or shopping, going for a walk or walking to work," said the director of the Hodonín School, Eva Schmidová. The project has been among the most interesting of the huge number of other applications for the ČEZ Foundation. The application will only be active for one month.
