An unusually open and unique painting by Karel Gott in olga Špátová's feature documentary
This unique film work from olga Špátová's workshop will premiere in Czech cinemas in the spring of next year.
"In the middle of September last year, Ivanka and Karel Gott called me and asked me if I would again make a documentary about his life with Karel after ten years. I didn't hesitate for a minute! Filming with a man who has endured more than half a century in the limelight of Czech culture thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and immeasurable hardwork was and is a great honor to me. I accepted the invitation to make a feature documentary about Karel Gott, which brings joy to three generations of listeners with my art," director Olga Špátová describes her feelings.
The first filming day was thus done on 22 December 2005 thanks to a quick agreement and agreement. Last October and the last footage with Karl Gott was shot a few days ago. The goal was, and is absolutely clear - to capture authentically Karl Gott as a phenomenal singer who gives away to his supporters, as a painter, but at the same time a loving husband and father of his children. A man who spends sixty years with his songs giving joy to several generations not only in our country, but also in Europe, and indeed all over the world. A man who has written into the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The film is not to be a showcase of the undeniable glory of Karel Gott and his achievements. "Therefore, it is not even possible to compare my previous film The Phenomenon of Gott with this present. Everyone's different. At least by filming them in another stage of life by Karel Gott, and this will be very evident in his personal, to intimate confession, which he has given us and which has made us all aware of what legend we have the opportunity to work and spend time, which is truly indescribable," adds Olga Špátová.
The creators captured Karel Gott during his performances, during meetings with his fans in our country and in Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, in a cottage in Czech Switzerland, in the village where he spent his childhood, and in other places that played an important role in his life. Thanks to the sincere openness of Karel Gott, the film will be completely authentic and unique.
"Olga has a great gift to film with her narrow team so that we oftentimes get carried away by the spontaneous atmosphere and naturally let her into our privacy, thanks to which I talked about topics quite intimate. She and her husband, the cameraman Jan Malíř, actually became part of our family. We originally wanted to introduce the film in 2019, when I celebrated my life's jubilee. But since I had a beautiful summer with my family, I wanted us to shoot as long as possible. Well, since I've been everywhere in 2019, my wish was to be put in cinemas next spring. This documentary is a thank you to my supporters and to all who supported and accompanied me in my profession," says Karel Gott himself about the film.
Insects are up to 60 times less than 40 years ago
No other animal class is more represented in nature than insects. Beetles, butterflies and other species make up more than half of life on Earth. But there are growing reports that the insect empire is shrinking radically. Another scientific study on the subject came out just this week, and the situation is even more serious than humanity has ever known.
The study is based on field research in the tropical forest of Puerto Rico, in which American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As they write at the beginning of the report, insects are now "ten to sixty times less" in the forest. It is the decline of the whole population, i.e. not the number of species, and the research concerned not only insects, but all arthropods. Due to the extinction of insects, the population of another fauna, which is dependent on insects in the food chain, such as birds, frogs or lizards, is also thinning.
The authors of the research put their conclusions in direct connection with climate change. The average air temperature in the forest has risen by two degrees Celsius in the last thirty years, and warming has become the driving force behind the collapse of the food chain. The study thus shows that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems may be much greater than previously anticipated, according to the author's team.
A major article in the Washington Post published a major article about the report on Monday, which presents the new findings as hyper-alarming. "It's one of the most disturbing articles I've ever read," said entomologist David Wagner of the University of Connecticut, whose paper quotes him as an independent expert.
The extinction of insects also affects Europe. "In our country, the decline is also orderly," says Lukáš Čížek of the Entomological Institute of the Academy of Sciences. In his view, however, in addition to climate change, the changes in the landscape, which play an important role in Europe, must also be taken into account. "It's only been running for a long time here than puerto rico," adds Čížek, explaining why in the forest compared to the 1970s, there was a lot of work to be learned. years ago, scientists could measure such a rapid decline.
Czechs in Europe Ondřej Houska: Should Czechoslovakia reject the Munich Agreement in 1938 and go to war with Germany? Three times NO
The undated image depicts Adolf Hitler during a visit to the Czechoslovak border fortifications. The task of the strongholds was never to stop the German army, but to slow its progress before the Allies joined.
If, almost exactly 81 years ago, Czechoslovakia had rejected the Munich Agreement and subsequently faced a German attack, what would have eliminated the most Czechoslovak soldiers from the fight? German tanks, air force, or artillery? It might not be either of these weapons, even if the Germans had an overwhelming majority over the Czechoslovaks. The Czechoslovak army would probably suffer the greatest losses – due to blisters.
The chairman of the police union Štěpánek resigned, wants to live as a free man
Milan Štěpánek, chairman of the Independent Police Union, decided to leave his post. It was announced on Friday by Czech Radio - Radiožurnál. He led the Štěpánek trade unions since 2005. He'll be chairman of the union for two more months. He will remain with the police even after leaving the head of the union.
"I can confirm that I have this week submitted my written resignation to the Bureau, after which I will be fully in office for two more months," Štěpánek told Radiožurnál. "I have decided as a free man who does not want to be forever attached to a trade union. And who wants to live a quieter life," he said of the reasons for his departure.
The independent trade union of the Police of the Czech Republic brings together members and employees of the security forces or employees of the Ministry of the Interior. Among other things, the union participated in police protests against budget cuts or petitions for better conditions for the security forces. For example, in 2011 he got into a dispute with the then Minister of the Interior Radek John and organized a petition for his resignation. The leadership of the governing coalition later agreed to John's departure.
The Museum in Semily returns to the Velvet Revolution with the exhibition
An imitation of a standard room with a TV, which features footage of a brutal police raid on 17th-century students. November 1989 in Prague. This is also the new exhibition of the museum in Semily, which deals with the Velvet Revolution. "The basis is to present what happened in Semily after the events on Národní třída," said the exhibition's curator Tomáš Chvátal.
"I would say that the atmosphere was basically the same everywhere, with the first demonstration in Semily on 22 December 2005. And then every day more people packed up," he said. Among the most active were the group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěcha, who was the only one from the city and the nearest neighborhood signed Charter 77, and the grandfathers, who extended the petition Several Sentences. According to Chvátal, the Civic Forum was also created relatively quickly. "One specific is that there was a very strong group of local doctors in the Civic Forum," the curator said.
About 50 photographs should be taken by Karel Bárta 30 years ago. There was also a video of the general strike on 27. It will be filmed by František Tomíček, which will be in the loop throughout the exhibition. Ivan Hlas spoke at the demonstration. The Semilský archive also lent a number of preserved banners to the exhibition. "It was up to them: Let's not get drunk with a roll, from trough to trough, We don't want violence," Chvátal said. Some changes in the city were very rapid at the time, for example, already in December, the people in the All Semily vote decided that the square would be Riegrovo and abolished the previous name Gottwaldovo.
The exhibition also captures the events before the November events. "In the first part, we present to the witnesses and students what was before such late normalization. I think we managed to collect unique documents from Semil, whether it was banners with various Communist slogans or a bronze plaque from the then museum of the labour movement," said Chvátal. One room is supposed to give a sense of what it might have looked like in the living room of an ordinary household at the time.
The last part of the exhibition is devoted to what was after the Velvet Revolution. It's focused on the first free elections. "We wallpapered one of the polling posters. Anyone who has experienced this will remember the posters With us to Europe or václav klaus is still there under the banner of OF with a beautiful motto Everyone for his community," added the curator.
Let the fans be positive, Hasek wishes. Sparta awaits a train in Pilsen
"We're going to play to the limit of possibilities, we're going to do everything we can to succeed. In order to manage the game and the result," said Spartan Martin Hašek in an interview with club television.
In the week he scored a goal in the Cup duel in Jihlava (2:1). Sparta advanced to the next round, which was a duty to her. She's relieved, but she's still struggling.
Although the season is slowly spilling over into the second period, Sparta football is still looking for the face that coach Václav Jílek spoke of at the beginning of his engagement.
"But it is still Sparta that has very good players. We have a difficult match ahead of us," warns The Pilsener's Roman Procházka.
When the Spartans last arrived in Štrunc's orchards, in mid-May it was a clear matter in the superstructure. The guests left after a mindless performance with a 0:4 beating, the largest in the history of the independent Czech league.
While the difference between the clubs in the table was eight points before the match, Sparta are now losing nine points after 10 games of the new season. Experiencing one of the worst entries to the season ever.
"It's not an easy situation for us or for fans who would like to see their beloved club completely differently than it is at the moment," says Hasek. "But we would like them to continue to support us, stay positive and stand behind us."
Sparta does not know if he will be able to use Tetteh in Pilsen, who received a two-match penalty for expulsion in Pilsen, but appealed against him on Friday.
Costa, Dočkal, Drchal, Shot, Pulkrab, Zahustel, Krejčí and Kadlec remain on numerous boards, who are the only ones to remember the last Spartan victory in Pilsen in 2011.
Only midfielder Čermák should miss the home team, including wednesday's cup in Hlučín. And as captain, they should be led into the match by defender Jakub Brabec, a Spartan-like outback.
Download free Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on PC, you have until Thursday
Link to both games is on epic store here. You can include games in your library directly via the web, but you need to download the Epic Games Launcher client to play. You have until 3. October.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original game from 2010, adding both graphic and gameplay changes from the sequel to Last Light.
The story based on the book of the same name by Dmitry Gluchovsky is set in 2033 in Russia after the nuclear war. The Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Mankind had to resort to the ground, in our case, to the vast complexes of the Moscow Metro.
"Take the post-apocalyptic world and the distressing atmosphere from an unfamiliar environment, take on the vastness of the world and add a lot of spectacular scripts and action passages and tradááá: Metro 2033 is the world," we wrote on the Bonusweb in a period review.
Everything, by contrast, is a relaxing game-negame in a procedurally generated world that carries the message of The English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. A player can become anything from animals to trees to the planet.
You must have JavaScript support turned on to view the video.
"The terrifying result of the study." Islam does not belong to the West, thinks the vast majority of Austrians
1200 respondents were surveyed, the survey shows considerable distrust of Islam in Austrian society.
Nearly 60 percent of Austria's population fears that some Muslims are terrorists, and 48 percent would call for a ban on the construction of mosques. For greater monitoring of the centers of Islam, 80 percent of respondents are.
Most Austrians also want Muslims to be constrained in their religious practices, and say that because of the presence of Muslims, they sometimes feel like foreigners in their own country.
"The outcome of the study is frightening," says study author Wolfgang Aschauer, adding: "Such a tendency towards ethnocentrism could lead over time to the adoption of discriminatory attitudes. There is a risk that the religious freedoms granted to Muslims will be narrowed."
For believers, the critical attitude is less pronounced. Aschauer argues that in Austria it is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. According to the sociologist, dialogue and education could help dull polarization.
According to the study, the most hostile attitudes towards Muslims are held by voters of the extreme right, people without a university degree or seniors over the age of 75. Green voters, people under 30 and undergraduates, are the most welcoming.
The Austrian Interior Ministry estimates that some 700,000 Muslims live in Austria, which has a population of about 8.7 million. The vast majority have Turkish roots. There are more than 400 Muslim prayer rooms and mosques in the country, and Islam has been officially recognized here as a religion since 1912.
Thomas Cook: Czechs kicked out of a hotel in Majorca. The guarantee was not enough
The austrian, German and Polish divisions of the group also filed for insolvency during the week. The future of the Czech branch is currently under discussion, a decision should be made by the end of September.
According to Jan Papež, vice-chairman of the Association of Travel Agencies of the Czech Republic, there are three possible solutions at play - liquidation will be announced, or the company will be sold, or a team from the Czech branch will set up a new travel agency. "Which one it will be, but can not be predicted, it will depend on the German owner," he told CTK today.
In addition to two early trips, CK also deals with cases where clients have had to pay for their stay, although the company tries to provide guarantees to hoteliers. CK has promised to pay its clients payments, according to the Pope, the company has sufficient security to do so.
Problems in hotels arose mainly in Mallorca, where the company also asked the Czech consulate for help. In this context, the Pope described one of the cases where the hotel threw out all the tourist offices. "The hotelier could not determine who belonged to the German and who under Czech society. Therefore, he threw everyone out of the hotel even though the domestic Neckermann provided a guarantee," he said. According to Šrámka, the situation was eventually resolved.
The Czech branch of the bankrupt British group Thomas Cook increased its sales to CZK 995 million last year, up almost 21 percent year-on-year, according to the company's annual report. Includes accounting period from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. On the other hand, the company's net profit decreased by approximately SEVEN million to CZK 15.3 million. However, from previous years, the company remained unpaid for almost CZK 103 million. The branch includes two basic divisions - next to CK Neckermann it is also a company Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump considering revoking Chinese stock registration in U.S.
US President Donald Trump's administration is considering revoking chinese firms' permission to trade on stock markets in the United States. An informed source told Reuters today. Such a move would be a radical escalation of trade tensions between the US and China. Shares of the affected companies on the New York Stock Exchange immediately headed down after the report, dragging the entire market with them.
The stock withdrawal would be part of a broader effort to curb U.S. investment in China, the source added. He confirmed the Bloomberg report, which had caused shock to financial markets shortly before. Shares of Chinese firms Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI lost two to four percent.
According to government data from February, the shares of 156 Chinese companies are trading on the Us Exchanges Nasdaq and NYSE. There are also at least 11 state-owned enterprises.
Bloomberg pointed out that an exact mechanism has not yet been developed to secure the withdrawal of chinese companies' shares from US exchanges. Any plan would have to be approved by Trump, but he gave the green light to discuss the matter.
China and the US have been waging a trade war together for more than a year, imposing tariffs on each other. The dispute between the two countries has had negative effects on the world economy and raises fears of a global economy recession. Washington is using customs duties to force Beijing to change trade practices and reduce China's surplus in trade with the US.
According to CNBC television, us-China trade talks should resume on 10 December. October. His goal is to end the trade war.
The police have charged CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangráce with contracts for promotion
The police charged the former manager of the state agency CzechTourism Aleš Pangráce with contracts for promotion. The Pangrác server ListNews confirmed that he took over the charges this week. Czech Television (CT) reported last year that police officers in the case are examining contracts worth CZK 38 million. Some of the money was going back to Pangrác, the server says. In the case, criminologists were also interested in the Minister for Regional Development Klára Dostálová (for YES), to which czechtourism belongs. The investigation into the case, according to the server, continues.
Detectives from the National Center against Organised Crime provided evidence in this case in the second half of last November. For example, they were in the headquarters of the Ministry of Regional Development, in the headquarters of CzechTourism, at the autodrom in Most or in the agency Sport Invest. The service computer was also taken from the minister's apartment. The court search warrant for Dostálová, which was previously quoted by ct, stated that the Minister decided in 2016, when she was deputy, on czechtourism's expenses for the benefit of the chosen persons in an intermediary and outside the standard official procedure. Dostálová said at the time that she felt absolutely innocent, did not doubt, she can document everything and cooperate fully with the police.
According to the agency, it was an individual's misconduct. The media has previously reported that it is aleš Pangráce, the former director of the Regional Partnership department in CzechTourism, who was recalled because of the results of the audit. It resulted in CzechTourism co-entered into 48 problematic contracts.
"Yes, I've been charged. But I don't want to comment further," Pangrác told The North News.
Vandal destroyed cemetery in Dorušce
According to the notice received by the police, the vandalism at the dispersal meadow inside the Dobruš cemetery was supposed to occur on Wednesday between 13. and 17. An hour ago.
"The material damage was estimated at CZK 60,000. Officers are asking any witnesses to the incident to report their findings in person on the service or by phone on toll-free line 158," police spokeswoman Lucie Konečná said.
CSI is investigating the case as damage to a foreign object and disorderly conduct, for which it faces up to three years in prison.
Hundreds of enslaved children freed from religious school in Nigeria
According to the BBC station, there were almost 500 men and boys, Reuters reported, citing the police commissioner, saying there were over three hundred children from the age of five. Some were chained together, others were chained to iron circles in the wall.
The head of police in Kaduna, Ali Jaanga, told the BBC that the raid at the school was carried out on the basis of a report. He called the school a house of horror. Starving people there were held violently, tortured and sexually abused. They couldn't leave, there was a razor wire above the walls. According to him, this is a case of slavery.
Several people were detained in the raid, according to police spokesman Jakubu Sabo.
The children told police that they were taken to school by parents or relatives, saying it was a religious school. "We have identified two children who are from Burkina Faso, but most of them were brought here by parents from Nigerian states to the north," a Sabo spokesman said of the victims' identities. Nigerian states in the north of the country are predominantly Muslim.
The school of yama ahmad bin Hanbal impersonated a religious school aimed at studying the Koran.
The liberation was taken to the stadium, where they are provided with assistance and food. Some have already met relatives.
A French chef is judging michelin for removing a star. I suffer from depression, he says
Renowned French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star in January this year, a year after winning it. With the publisher of the red guide, he intends to sue to receive the exact reasons for the degradation. Veyrat also doubts the competencies of Michelin inspectors, who he believes mistook saffron for cheddar. The first trial is scheduled for November.
The chef of the famous Restaurant La Maison de Bois in the Alpine region of Upper Savoie lost one of three Michelin stars in January this year. The publisher of the prestigious Le Guide Michelin will be judged because, in his view, the commissioners' conclusion was not properly justified. In addition, the star was removed without any notice. "I've been depressed for six months. How dare you mess with the health of chefs?" Veyrat told the commissioners.
Michelin reportedly provided the chef with only vague reasons, such as putting cheddar in the soufflé, which was not liked by the inspection. "I put saffron in it, and the gentlemen thought it was cheddar because it was yellow. I've been lovingly working with Savoy ingredients from the beginning," veyrat said. He is convinced of the strong incompetence of Michelin commissioners: "You are scammers who only raise disputes for commercial reasons." An indignant Veyrat doesn't understand "how could they afford to say we put cheddar in our soufflé." "They insulted our region, my employees were crazy about it. We have eggs from our hens, milk from our own cows, gardeners collect fresh herbs every morning," he said.
The distinguished chef, always wearing a black hat on his head and dark glasses, is an opponent of a new generation of Michelin-starred commissioners, and therefore calls for his restaurant to be removed from the red guide. However, the publisher rejects this. "If the business stays open and our inspectors re-select it, we will continue to recommend it," says Gwendal Poullennec, Michelin's international director.
According to Michelin, the chef's lawsuit shows that he has no meaningful charges yet and his lawyer is yet to help him formulate it. "We regret that Mr. Veyrat communicates roughly with us. But we will carefully examine his comments," he said.
In addition to La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart owns two other three-star restaurants.
Technically perfect confusion with a weak script. Gemini with Will Smith didn't criticize
The dystopian sci-fi spectacle Gemini Man boasts an interesting premise - Will Smith will stand up to his younger version in the film. But critics say the story is the weakest part of the film. The film will be shown in Czech cinemas on 10. October.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is absolutely top of the field. Kills efficiently and without unnecessary questions. But one day he decides to hang up his career. Of course, his employers don't like that, sending another killer to Henry. The catch is that henry himself is the killer, more specifically his younger clone made of DNA. Can one determined man win a fight over himself? Literally this time.
Three-time Oscar winner Ang Lee was supposed to be a sure quality guarantee. It's his first science fiction, but he's got a wealth of experience with dramatic action films, as he did in the aforementioned Tiger and Dragon, or The Western Ride with the Devil. Six screenwriters collaborated on the script. The most famous is definitely David Benioff, one of the creators of the great Game of Thrones. But according to the first feedback, all this wasn't enough for a good movie.
"Even though Ang Lee is trying to do big things in technical filmmaking, the film itself doesn't have enough character to highlight it," says Screen Daily's Fionnuala Hannigan.
"This disappointing film is less than the sum of all the talents involved in it. Only the technological magic of filmmakers sticks together a weak script and plot," stephen dalton of The Hollywood Reporter summed up his opinion.
"Gemini is a case in which a huge amount of work has resulted in an incredibly unique action movie," says Variety reviewer Peter Deburge.
"A confused product aroused by a bizarre idea," ella kempová from The IndieWire website summed up the film in her review.
"It's hard to be interested in the fact that one man is a doppelganger of another when neither man behaves like a human," nicholas barber wrote from The Wrap.
Overview of bank accounts for children on the Czech market
Children's bank accounts are provided free of charge. However, you need to consider the offer because some additional account services are already charged. "The motivation of banks to offer accounts for children, whose basic management is free, is straightforward. Financial houses are counting on them to be refunded someday. They are probably not wrong about the small migration of Czechs between banks," says Kristýna Kuncová from dTestu.
"Small bills" according to her know almost everything adult accounts. The child gets his own credit card, can enter payments, track movements in the account, somewhere has his own electronic banking available. Banks will set up an account, but it's up to parents to teach their children how to handle them and also to check their pay.
"Rather flexibly, the parent can set weekly or monthly limits, turn on and off individual services and so on. Above all, however, it can monitor what is happening on the account, whether by browsing the Internet or through information SMS. Attention, these may no longer be free," kuncová adds, adding, "If a parent is considering an account for their child, they should consider their abilities and options."
Strict but fair, we enjoy the clock! This is how the Benešov grammar schools see their favorite cantor writer
Humanism should be present in every good book, is convinced by Paul Hoza. The high school teacher of Czech and history is also a poet, novelist and wake-up caller of literary life in a small town.
Bohuslav Reynek will come to mind over the lyrics of Pavel Hoza. His poetry, his paintings. Bare trees, whitish country houses, shivering grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old roads and people who have been after them for centuries. Grieving, kneeling, bless. This contemporary successor teaches Czech, literature and history at the grammar school in Beneš, and runs a similar Prague Viola at the Café na viola and holds the Benešov Literary Festival every year.
Wife swapping: Ondra's parents were cruelly abused! He ended up in an institution
It was nerve-wracking. His allegedly troubled son Ondřej (9) was severely punished by his father at any moment. "He came home from school and lied with a snack. Luke looked at me and said he would kneel for punishment," Lucie described in The Exchange. Dad Luke made little Ondra kneel in the corner for hours! Outside the cameras, he said he had to suffer like this on a wooden foot massage mat! "Ondřej came to me after the shoot and told me - Auntie, I'm doing the troubles and notes just so I don't want to be here because I want to go to the institution," Lucie described the moment she fully understood what was going on behind the door of the studio. And the boy's wish finally came true...
His condition was so serious that he was taken from the family after filming and placed for a month in the Centre of Educational Care in České Budějovice. He returned briefly to his father and surrogate mother, Aneta (28), but then went to a diagnostic institute for troubled children. "When I got home, Aneta immediately posted me on facebook, we were texting for a while. She was most interested in getting the money. I barely reacted to that. But then she texted me that the little one was in an institution, that then they gave it back to them, now it's in the trust. They are both out of work," says mother Lucie from The Pilsen Region.
The lightning, of course, addressed the other side, but he received only a vague answer. "I'm not in the mood, I'm sick, call later," Aneta said, hanging up her phone.
Sparta doesn't want to lose Tetteh in Pilsen. She appealed against a two-match penalty
Sparta football appealed against a two-match penalty for striker Benjamin Tetteh, who was awarded a suspended sentence by the disciplinary committee for his exclusion in Sunday's derby with Slavia (0:3).
The Letensky club reported this on its Twitter feed and is now awaiting the verdict of the appeals board.
Tetteh had already served half of his sentence in Wednesday's home cup match in Jihlava. Sparta are now aiming for the 22-year-old Ghanaian striker to take on The 11th Seed in Sunday's 11th round. The first round of the first league in Pilsen.
The situation from last October could be repeated. At that time, Olomouc appealed against the penalty for Šimon Falta, who on Thursday received a one-match suspension from the disciplinary committee for exclusion against Liberec.
The appeals board failed to hear the case, so it postponed the effectiveness of the sentence and Falta could take over on Saturday, paradoxically against Sparta.
The commission finally confirmed a one-match penalty for the Olomouc midfielder in the following week and Falta missed the next duel with Zlín.
Disciplinarian Tetteh stopped the action for a foul on famer David Hovorka, for which he was awarded in the 82nd over. a red card from referee Miroslav Zelinka.
The alleged spitting of a Ghanaian player on the captain of his opponent Tomáš Souček has not been proven.
The Germans have chosen Keller to lead the football association
Fritz Keller, the former head of the Bundesliga Freiburg, is expected to become the new chairman of the German Football Association. The 62-year-old winemaker, gastronomy and hotelier was elected unanimously for three years, the opponent did not have a candidate.
Keller replaced Reinhard Grindel, who resigned in April over an undisaferated affair. His other predecessors, Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach, will go on trial again for possible bribery at the 2006 World Cup.
Keller said one of the main goals would be to restore the union's trust and export it out of the crisis. "It's not going to be a One Man Show, a lot of people will take responsibility. The union is better than its reputation," said Keller, who presented all his tasks under the slogan: Together, we can do it.
After being elected head of the Keller union, he left his post in Freiburg.
There was a fire in the underground csa mine in Karviná, no one was injured
There was a fire in the underground CSA mine in Karviná this morning. The cause of the fire is not yet known. However, no one was injured, ivo čelechovský, a spokesman for the mining company, said for ČTK.
The fire broke out at 04:25 at a depth of about 1,200 meters. "None of the staff were hurt, no one was injured. The albanian rescuers immediately intervened on the site, who immediately extinguished the fire and carried out a field search. The site was immediately closed and disabled," the spokesman said. The exact cause of the fire will now be investigated by a special commission.
In the former Ostrava-Karvinská region, coal is already extracted only in the Karvina part, namely in the mines csa, lazy, darkov, čsm-sever and čsm-jih. At Lazy Mine, mining is expected to end later this year, with the other mines expected to decline. Okd mining company is the only producer of black coal in the Czech Republic, its production last year was 4.62 million tons. There are 9,000 people working in the mines.
Berlin responds to public pressure and addresses the housing crisis. Buys 6000 apartments from a private company
Berlin will buy 6,000 former social apartments sold by the city 15 years ago from private Luxembourg firm ADO Properties SA for €920 million ($23.8 billion). It responds to public pressure from skyrocketing rent prices. According to Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher for the Left Party (Die Linke), this is the largest such buyout in the history of the German capital. The opposition criticizes the move.
"The intention is to maintain stable rents in Berlin and give tenants certainty," Berlin Mayor Michael Müller (SPD) said in a statement. "At the same time, we will continue to build new apartments and legally treat the freezing of rents," he added. The municipal company Gewobag will take over thousands of apartments located in the Spandau and Reinickendorf districts in the western part of the city this December.
According to Jefferies analyst Thomas Rothäusler, the city bought too expensively. He told Bloomberg Rothäusler that, according to his estimate, the housing unit overpaid about 10 percent above their book value.
According to the German opposition Party Liberals (FDP), the Berlin authorities are contributing to real estate speculation. The FDP tweeted on Friday. The move was described as a "waste of money" by the Alternative for Germany (AfD) protest party.
As early as mid-July, Gewobag had acquired 670 apartments on Berlin's Karl-Marx-Allee street, der Spiegel magazine reported on its website. The award was not disclosed by the council at the time. The dispute over the apartments on the former exhibition class from the GDR times was accompanied by protests and filled the front pages of the German press. It became a symbol of the plight of tenants in major German cities, the letter wrote.
The German capital used to be famous for its low cost of living and low rents. In recent years, however, it has gained on the attractiveness. Rent prices have doubled in the past decade, according to AFP, making it difficult for some residents to find affordable housing.
Nokia is suing the Brno company over the name Lokia. People don't confuse us, believe Moravians
Nokia has objected to Lokia's application to the Industrial Property Office. According to the CCV, however, a product mix-up is unlikely.
A Brno-based company developing CCV software is facing legal action from Finnish telecommunications equipment manufacturer Nokia. Finns do not like that the program of the Brno warehouse management company is called Lokia WMS, wrote the journal E15. Nokia therefore objected to lokia's application to the Industrial Property Office. The CCV considers that confusion is unlikely.
Marketing director Petr Ondrášek said that the program is already used by two dozen customers, the market has been on the market since last September.
"The Nokia brand enjoys recognition and trust around the world. When someone tries to register a mark that we believe may lead to confusion or weakening of our brand, we will take steps to protect our valuable asset," said Nokia spokesman Mark Durrant.
Brno developers say that they did not think about the brand, famous in the past, by mobile phones when creating a warehouse program. The designation Lokia according to CCV is based on the Latin name for one kind of dragonfly, the rapid movement of which is to be an analogy of the movement of warehousekeepers around the warehouse.
"On the Czech market, the possibility of confusion is unlikely. We sell modern cloud software, through which companies equip their warehouse operations, and we are not really heading to the field of mobile phone production. And we do not want to compare it to a brand that may be missing a train in its field," said Tomáš Kormaňák, ccv manager, in E15.
The CCV applied for brand protection in August before the program was launched by the Industrial Property Office. "It requested protection for products and services belonging to Classes 9, 35 and 42, as the software belongs to Class 9, related warehouse business management services belong to Class 35 and the development of computer software in Class 42 according to the international classification," said Ondrášek.
Nokia's objection is based on the fact that the earlier Nokia mark is valid in all classes of goods and services and thus covers the widest possible range of goods and services and therefore, of course, overlaps in Classes 9, 35 and 42. 'The CCV does not dispute the claim made by the applicant in respect of conformity on these classes of products and services. But these are completely different brands aimed at other target groups," said Ondrášek.
According to E15, the brand dispute can take months and it can complicate the company's operations.
From Sydney to London in four hours? In 2030, the reality of
Sabre combines a classic aircraft engine with a rocket engine. It's designed to power the plane at twice the speed of the Concorde. "When the Sabre engine is commissioned, it could allow us to arrive in Australia in about four hours," Turnock said. And, for example, the distance between London and New York could travel in one hour.
The Independent notes that so-called hypersonic flights, in which the speed of sound is exceeded five times, are complicated due to engine overheating. However, Sabre (Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) should deal with this problem by using super cold helium to prevent temperatures from rising.
"The most important thing about Sabre is that it is a hybrid rocket and aircraft engine that is powered by a jet of exhaust gases generated from the air," says Shaun Driscoll of Reaction Engines. "Rockets haven't gone through such a big development in the last 70 years, whereas the aircraft ones have. So when you combine the engines, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and basically create a space plane," he added.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights expected to begin around the middle of next year. Commercial flights will be around 2030.
Kovosvit sells an administrative building and other halls. Expects worse times
Due to the restructuring, Kovosvit ended last year with a consolidated loss of CZK 100 million, the consolidated turnover was CZK 1.3 billion. Among the main problems last year are cook shortages of workers and shifts of subcontractors. This year, demand for machine tools has fallen by 10 to 20 percent year-on-year. "This is related to the expected decrease in turnover by 10%," said the CEO. In 2017, Kovosvit had sales of CZK 1.3 billion and profit after tax was CZK 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit now offers for sale several properties, halls and land, which it either does not use or only minimally. This also applies to the administrative building, where it uses two from five floors, and not yet completely. "Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to slim down Kovosvit, to streamline its activities. The sale of assets is not part of any current solution, whether it is cash-flow, for example, but part of a long-term plan where we want to devote all resources to investment development," said the CEO.
About half of Kovosvit's production is exported. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, last year to a lesser extent Asia. This year, Kuchař ranks among the most interesting India, where Kovosvit won a contract for machines allowing five-axis machining worth 100 million crowns. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines for CZK 30 million to China. "The contract is another contract in the same volume that we would like to fulfill by the end of the year," Cook said. In the Russian market and elsewhere, Kovosvit is facing restrictions due to sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centers to France, a company that is a subcontractor to Airbus. This May, she delivered another machine, one more to deliver at the end of the year or early in 2020.
The main corporate investment this year was the transition of heating from steam to hot water for 20 million crowns. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average working wage is CZK 28,500. The company is looking for casting grinders for foundries, machine tools, turning machines and electricians.
The company has been owned since September 2016 by industrialist and armourer Jaroslav Strnad. The company has a tradition in the production of machine tools. It was founded in 1939 by Tomáš Baťa. The company had up to 3,000 employees.
Milan Jakubů: The army stole the funeral for itself! Says Andor Sándor
There is still confusion surrounding the funeral of Brigadier General Milan Jakubů. The media speculated this week that the army had planned to make the final farewell to the deputy director of military intelligence, despite the family's wishes, as the soldiers could. There were also inconsistencies about the date of the funeral. Ministry of Defence spokesman Jan Pejšek denied this.
"It's nonsense! We have been in contact with the family since the beginning, the friday funeral deadline has been agreed from the beginning, no one has changed it. Just like military honors apply. We will only deal with the possible media participation with regard to the family," Pejšek told The Lightning on Wednesday. The funeral will eventually take place on Friday and will not be missed by all military honors, including the overflight of the fighter jets.
But there is still a tense atmosphere around the last farewell to the popular general. The mourning ceremony will not be attended by people who have worked with the general in the past!
For example, former head of military intelligence Andor Šándor (62), who met Milan Jakubů 17 years ago. Shador remembers his former colleague as a hardworking, intelligent and "good guy."
In addition, in recent years he regularly met with him at the anniversary celebrations of the founding of the Military Intelligence. That is why he would like to say goodbye to Milan Jakubů. "I would personally go to the funeral of Milan Jakubů," Šándor told Blesk. But he can't.
"I know of other people in the organization who would like to go, but are unlucky, because the potentates usurp the funeral for themselves. I don't think privatizing a funeral like this is right," said the security expert. He is not even played by the supposedly considered closing of the ceremony to the public due to the secrecy of the army's peaks.
"The leadership of the army is not kept secret, and the leaders of military intelligence are not, because they need to be promoted at Prague Castle, we see them there. If the media information is true and the family has actually been left behind by the military, it is, of course, a family matter. Personally, I would never allow the army to overdo the family and its wishes," said Šándor.
Milan Jakubů died on Saturday near Špindlerův Mlýn in a car accident. Milan's Rapid's head-on collision with the Ford Mustang was allegedly caused by the sports car driver Vojtěch Ch. (31).
The amateur racer in the corner was supposed to go in the opposite direction, Milan Jakubů apparently did not have a chance to prevent the clash. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the accident and it is possible that she will suffer the consequences for the rest of her life. Police questioned the culprit in the accident on Thursday.
Jan Šindelář's commentary: Manage railways as a company
The celestial election, though apparently not entirely smooth, is the culmination of a sad story about the state's inability to give the dears a clear direction. The Board of Directors has been incomplete for over a year and even after Wednesday evening it does not change, because one of the members resigned. The makeshift continues.
The selection procedure itself has been a farce from the beginning because the requirements for candidates, especially in the field of practice, have been significantly reduced. Compared to last year's selection, the requirements for the size of the company in which the candidate was supposed to operate in the past were reduced. First the members of the selection committee and then the supervisory board played only the role of pimprlat.
Celesky presented perhaps the weakest professional resume of the five finalists, yet without experience from a large company he smeared experienced players from the management of logistics giants and transport companies. It was the participation of interesting managers from the private sector that was probably the brightest aspect (and the best hope) of the whole process. Today, the people in question know that they have only played the role of the epic backdrop in the political game.
Perhaps Heavenly will surprise, show great talent and eventually prove to be the best railway boss of all time. At least in the beginning, however, it will be accompanied by the aftertaste of a political newsroom. Czech railways does not expect a light period, they have to cope with competition in the liberalization of the market and with the lack of employees in operation. Drivers, shifters and mechanics are missing. What motivation do they have to do more work and respect for management when the state behaves like an elephant in china at the top management?
The second important group is the creditors. We'll see next spring when the tracks are advocating ratings. What is certain is that creditors perceive instability. Sadly, someone else goes to Moody's to defend the rating every year for Czech Railways. The agency's frequent changes in runway management and political influence on the company have not escaped, criticized this summer.
The YES movement, among other things, has the motto that the state needs to be run as a company. For starters, it would be enough if one big state company was run as a company and not as a state. Czech Railways is still one of the largest companies in the country and it would be good if they were led by the best. They reported, but the state despised them. It can certainly be argued that the position at the head of the railways has always been a political issue. But then we can forgive ourselves for the jesters with the selection process.
Couple wrapped with tape and drowned in river, bag found children
The case took place at the end of July in the village around Valašské Klobouk. A 27-year-old woman brought home a donated dog one to two years old, which she wanted to take care of. However, her 10-year-old partner did not like the fact that she was a, so he decided to get rid of her.
"He wrapped the animal with duct tape and rope and greatly eliminated his voice. He put the dog in a jute bag, which he tied. Then they took the animal together to the river, where they threw it in a bag. The dog was proven to be alive when the dog was thrown into the water," said Zlín police spokeswoman Monika Kozumplíková.
The next day, the children who were playing by the river found a jute bag on the banks. When they opened it, they discovered a dead dog inside. So they called out to the woman who was passing by and ran away. The woman reported the incident to the 158 police emergency hotline.
"Thanks to the knowledge of the inhabitants of the town, the police found out who was probably the perpetrator of this incredible act. The man and the woman confessed to the crime and described how the incident took place," a police spokeswoman added.
An expert statement from the field of veterinary medicine confirmed that the dog died in a clearly agonising manner as a result of suffocation, when the animal suffered in a matter of minutes before death.
"The actions of the perpetrators undoubtedly indicate a clear intention to get rid of the animal at all costs in this reprehensible way, even if they could donate or sell the dog. The Commissioner of the Criminal Police in Zlín has accused the pair of committing an offence of animal cruelty committed in compli law. Both non-punished charges could face up to three years behind bars if convicted," Kozumplíková said.
Thank you for the dance! Singer Leonard Cohen releases last album posthumously
The album Thank You for Dancing (Thanks for the Dance) will include unreleased material and various musical collaborations put together by the singer's son. November.
In October 2016, Cohen released the album You Want it Darker, on which Cohen collaborated with his son Adam. He asked him to help him finish the songs. On the intimate recording, Cohen symbolically copes with impending death. He died a month after the album was released at the age of 82.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen began working on the materials his father had left behind. He invited a number of musicians to work together - at random damien rice, bryce dessner, javier mas or singer Beck.
"When we were inventing music for my father's words, we used his own characteristic musical techniques. So he's still with us," Adam Cohen said of the album. "What am most amazes me about the reactions of those who have heard it. One by one, they say Leonard is still alive," he added.
The first swallow of the album is the short song The Goal. "I'm almost alive, I'm almost at home," Cohen sings in his characteristic honey voice. He sang about death, he knew he wouldn't live to see the release of the new material. He admitted it in an interview with The New Yorker a month before his death. "I'm ready to die. I hope it won't be too unpleasant," he said.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen published his father's poetry collection called The Flame. In Czech, it comes out under the name Plamen 31. 19 December at Argo Publishing.
The first Miss Christ finally went into herself: She lost a few pounds and immediately pegged
The first modern miss from 1989 Ivana Christová (49) had long problems with excess weight, which caused her not only physical problems, but mainly the psychological ones. She suffered because she had changed a lot since the days of Miss Czechoslovakia. But now it looks like she took the reproach to heart and went into battle with excess pounds. Even if it's a long run.
She used to be a first-class beauty who conquered Paris. But since then, 30 years have passed, and Ivana Christová can only remember the beauty pageant. Not only because of fame, but because of how thin she was.
Over time, she decided not to submit to the strict modeling rules that made her as slim as possible and often not eaten. She decided to stop listening and began to indulge in what she wanted.
But she went from starving to overeating, which was immediately signed off on her figure. In addition, she tried to disguise herself with a variety of loose clothes, which added to the size of the cyprus shapes.
Now it looks like Ivana really went into herself. Visibly lost weight, she began to dress tastefully and appropriately to her fuller physique.
She surprised everyone present at the baptism of Miloš Zapletal's book (75) that she had once again pegged and already had back the features of a charming brunette who in 1989 entered history not only as the first winner of Miss after the revolution, but also by the controversy that sparked her victory.
Christová will forever be the first winner of beauty, but also the very first, to which the audience at the Palace of Culture and Sport in Ostrava whistled as the senses of deprivation when she put on her crown.
"A parody of justice." Scientist warned of cancer from pollution, sitting in Turkish prison
Sik, along with other scientists, participated in a study commissioned by the Turkish Ministry of Health between 2011 and 2015. Its conclusion was that water, soil and food pollution in some industrial areas in the west of the country is linked to an increased incidence of cancer among local residents.
Scientists mentioned mainly the industrial zone Dilovasi, which lies about 80 kilometers from Istanbul, and where a number of chemical and metallurgical plants are located. People living in her area, they say, suffer from cancer far more often than the international average.
Erdogan retclaritys for coup, international criticism despite
Sik seemed to take no action on the matter, despite the clear conclusions of the study. He therefore wrote several articles about the research in the opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet. Authorities subsequently began prosecuting him for leaking classified information.
"The study clearly showed the extent to which water sources were contaminated with toxic substances," Sik told reporters after the verdict. "The court's decision shows that the results of studies directly related to public health can be kept secret. This is unacceptable," the scientist added.
"Instead of chasing alarm-sapping people through the courts, the Turkish authorities should investigate this important public health problem," said Andrew Gardner of the Turkish branch of AI.
Environmental and human rights organisations have long accused the Turkish government of not enforcing environmental regulations in certain regions despite the rapid development of industry in certain regions.
After a thwarted 2016 coup, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's regime launched a large wave of arrests. Almost 80,000 people are now behind bars, including a number of cumhuriyet employees. The authorities have also put off-duty or released 150,000 civil servants and members of the armed forces altogether.
The opposition and human rights organizations accuse the government of using the coup attempt to persecute its opponents. But the authorities are defending themselves by saying that these are measures necessary to ensure national security.
The fastest man on the planet missed tests. I'm not taking anything,
The traditionally highly watched fight for the fastest man on the planet will be the first time he has been in the world championships for defending champion Christian Coleman. The 23-year-old American is a world leader in 9.81 seconds and has only lost once this year. However, his start at the peak of the season was under threat due to a case of missed doping tests.
The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) closed its case in early September without charges for formal reasons. Coleman did not pass three doping tests last year and this year, but not in 12 months. His first wrongdoing was the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) dating back to 1 January 2015. However, the test itself did not pass until 6 April 2018, i.e. at the beginning of the second quarter. June. And since the third omission occurred on 29. Coleman did not commit three failures in the form of three failed inspections within 12 months.
Coleman argued that he only forgot to update the app's data about athletes' whereabouts. "I don't take drugs or do anything legal. A lot of athletes take legal creatine or protein powder or various other supplements for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I work hard and that's what it is about," he said before the start of the World Cup.
He suffered his only defeat in six starts this year at the 100th in the Diamond League in Shanghai, where he was surpassed by compatriot Noah Lyles by just six thousandths of a second. He took advantage of Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League final, but will only run 200 at the World Cup.
The 22-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru is the second fastest competitor with a performance of 9.86, but has only managed american university competitions so far.
Justin Gatlin, a 37-year-old American who flashed a time of 9.87 at Stanford in June, will be defending the title. He ran the last hundred in Zagreb at only 10.29 because he slightly injured his posterior thigh muscle.
The favourites also include South African Akani Simbine, three-time Olympic medalist from Rio Andre de Grasse and European champion Zharnel Hughes. The fastest Jamaican with a time of 9.96 is 2011 world champion Yohan Blake.
The men's 100 will start on Friday before the round and start. The semifinals and finals are on the agenda on Saturday. The medals will be won at 21:15 AMCL.
Plane crash near Žinkov in the Pilsen region: Two people did not survive the accident
Two people, a man (†63) and a woman (†38), were travelling on the plane. "At half past nine in the evening, the plane requested permission to land at Chaloupky airport near Klatovy," said police spokeswoman Dana Ladman. This was also the last record, at which time it was supposed to be located near Vojovice near Žinkov according to the GPS coordinates.
But klatovy airport was no longer there. The missing aircraft, which sent a distress signal, immediately began to search. "In addition to the police helicopter, a military helicopter was involved," said police spokeswoman Martina Korandová. But there was no happy ending.
In the forest near Petrovice near Mečín, which is about six kilometers from where the plane last checked in, a helicopter crew noticed the wreckage before 9 a.m. "We found a plane and two bodies with no signs of life," Korandova said.
The crashed machine remained partially wedged in the branches of the trees, the pieces fell to the ground in the vicinity. "The cause of the accident will be determined in cooperation with experts and staff of the Institute for The Professional Investigation of The Causes of Air Accidents," Korandová added.
Civilization in borrowed time
I recently remembered a beautiful "catchphrase" from one of the great short stories Šimka and Grossmann, which took place partly in the cemetery, which reads: "I warned her that she cries well, but on a stranger's grave!" It occurred to me that many of the world's politicians, engaged in a senseless fight against climate change, are now behaving very similarly.
They act as if humans rule on planet Earth. In fact, we are just a speck on its surface, which she can blow out with her olweight powers like a sudden gust of wind to the flame of a candle. Perhaps few of them look at the famous British and American science papers dealing with the destructive abilities of our blue ball. After all, it would be enough for some of the larger active volcanoes to "get away" and our advanced civilization to reciprocim.
And that this will happen in the near future is highly likely. In the opinion of leading volcanologists, many large volcanoes are "loaded and unlocked" (for example, Katla in Iceland).
In a way, it would be ideal if the eruption, if it had to happen one day, happened as soon as possible. Even before trillions of dollars are thrown away in vain for measures to reduce carbon dioxide production, because any properly angry volcano, along with dust and poisonous volcanic gases, can release at least 100 times more into the atmosphere than was spared at the expense of the people of Europe.
Therefore, forcibly restricting CO2 production makes no sense. In addition, it has been scientifically proven that, with its significantly higher proportion in the air, plants form more biological matter and are also more resistant to drought. For mankind, any warming is significantly more favourable than, for example, the rapid return of the Ice Age.
If we are to realize the still insufficiently studied effect of solar cycles on the Earth's climate, we must come to only one reasonable conclusion: Let us strive hard to keep the Earth as clean as possible, and other changes with which we cannot deal with force, let us try to adapt with as little cost as possible!
Repair of the Krkonoše Museum will be a year late
The Administration of the Krkonoše National Park (KRNAP) has moved the deadline for tenders to the second tender for the repair of the Krkonoše Museum in Vrchlabí by three weeks. The original date for opening envelopes was 20. 19 September, said Radek Drahný, a spokesman for the national park. The reason for the postponement of the deadline for submitting tenders is to reduce the budget from CZK 110 million to CZK 83 million.
"We are currently working with prices that are on the market. There's been a change in the budget, it's the price we expect to be offered. If someone makes an offer that is acceptable, the work will begin as soon as possible," Said Drahný.
Compared to the original plans, the start of the repair of the museum is about a year late. KRNAP wanted to have a selected contractor of the construction part by the end of last year and this spring to start construction work. According to the management of the national park administration, European subsidies of CZK 123 million for the project are not at risk.
KRNAP's administration is unable to select a construction company for museum repairs. The second competition was won this summer, because in the previous tender all the offers of companies significantly exceeded the estimated price of 65 million. The bids exceeded CZK 100 million.
The museum, which is housed in a former Augustinian monastery and belongs to the KRNAP Administration, has been closed since autumn 2017. The selected company should provide the construction part of the project. The total cost, including the construction of a new exposition, is estimated at CZK 210 million. The krnap visitor centre is expected to be built in the now vaunted building by the end of 2021.
The repaired museum with a new interactive exhibition, which should be the story of nature and people established in the mountains and build on the successful exhibition Stone and Life, should serve for visitors as a representative entrance gate of the Giant Mountains. The visitor centre should provide information about the past and present of the Giant Mountains in the most understandable way possible and motivate people to discover and protect the mountains. It should also assume the role of a traditional museum. The centre will also offer opportunities for concerts, festivals, theatre performances or open-air lectures. The plans include the construction of a new entrance to the building, the creation of a research room or café.
Toyota still believes it is preparing a second generation Mirai car
The Toyota Mirai was never supposed to be just a concept. Toyota was so serious about it that even though there was virtually no hydrogen pumping infrastructure in the world, it still put it on the menu. Not to the very standard, the customer had to really target this car, but no one else offered such a variant at the time.
Toyota boss Takeshi Uchiyamada confirmed at the international hydrogen conference that a new generation will arrive next year. Toyota still believes that these cars have a future and will be priced out of hybrids within a decade. Of course, this is linked to the development of pumping networks. But the future is as connected to hydrogen as it is to electricity.
At the conference, the word hydrogen was often declined with the needs of ecological operation not passenger cars, but on the contrary, large tractors, boats, trains, etc. Just those means of transport that need to overcome on one long-haul refueling. Pure battery versions cannot offer this. Toyota could thus find new outlets thanks to great experience and long development.
It remains to be seen that, like Toyota, it believes in hydrogen propulsion, as well as Hyundai, which now offers the Nexo hydrogen crossover.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right shade of lipstick: There's not just one red
When choosing red lipstick, you should first determine whether you are a warm or cold type. Try a simple test - look at the veins on your wrist. If they are blue, you are a cold type, if you turn green, then you are among the types of warm. When choosing a new red lipstick, put it in the first place just on the sort based on the undertone. In the next one, look at the texture.
If you belong to women with a cold undertone, then lipsticks are suitable for you in purple, plum, cherry or mauve colors.
If you fall into the category of warm skin undertone, choose such lipsticks. You can tell by the fact that they gravitate to orange, coral, gold or brown flares.
You may find that some veins look green and others look blue. In that case, congratulate yourself - you do not need to look at the undertone and you can focus only on your color preferences.
Purposeful slander? Ústí zoo is looking for a new vet, no one is interested
Last time later this month. The city's management attributed this to the rumors that had been raised around the former director of the zoo and the vet Václav Poživil, that he purposefully killed the exotic animals he cared for. For example, it was a female rhinoceros Zambu, an elephant, Kalu, or orangutan Ňuňáka.
The city council has therefore announced a new contract. "Veterinary care for the zoo with an estimated value of CZK 3.5 million excluding VAT and for the city Centre for Animals in Need with a projected value of CZK 2.8 million without VAT," said romana macová, a city spokeswoman.
Deputy Mayor Věra Nechybová (UFO) explained that the city is thus announcing a competition for veterinary services for the third time. "Dr. Pouch had to explain the unfounded suspicions. I consider it an outrageous dehonestation of such a quality expert," she said.
Experts specializing in exotic animals, according to her, are very few. "It's definitely not pleasant. The zoo provides veterinary care in the form of orders," she said. Orders and a contract cost the same money. "However, the garden has to comply with the Public Procurement Act in terms of funding," explained zoo spokeswoman Nikola Roštejnská.
Václav Poživil himself is one of the recognized experts. For example, he participated in a unique operation in which jane, a cheetah in Ústí nad Cheetah, was the world's first cheetah to receive a total endoprosthesis. He served as director of the zoo from 2009 to 2012. Anonymous did not comment on the rumors. Yesterday he did not answer phone calls or respond to sms text messages.
As far as the order for the zoo is concerned, some veterinarians mean that there is not necessarily a concern about similar purposeful allegations, as in his case, but simply little awareness. For example, the Vet Jiří Král has not heard of her. "It's the first time I've heard it from you. No one called us. Such a thing, I think, will spread quickly," he added.
Line D is overseen by a new metro architect, bringing experience from the London Underground
The Prague Transport Company has chosen an architect to oversee the form of the metropolitan metro. From October she will become Anna Švarc, her primary task will be the appearance of the new Line D, but she will also be in charge of the existing stations. According to her, the metro can not only be seen as a transport construction, travelling underground should also bring an aesthetic experience.
The Czech architect, who was involved in the reconstruction of three London Underground stations, won a tender by the Prague Transport Company (DPP).
In addition to the tender, 14 other candidates took part. "The selection procedure included a letter of motivation and a cv. Apparently, my previous practice from London, where I created a kind of aesthetic manual for the metro there, in a team of three people," says the new metro architect. Similarly, her practice from the Institute of Planning and Development of the Hl. m. Prague.
The metro does not just see it as a transport construction. Stations should also have aesthetic value.
"I have ideas about how the metro will change, how the space will improve. But I will not know how it will actually work in the coming weeks, when the transport company will introduce me to my ideas," says Švarc.
"It is not a series of dogmas, but rather recommendations, which are primarily aimed at maintaining the context of all stations in case they are reconstructed," the design manual says.
Whether a similar instrument is also a way to improve public space in the Prague metro is a question. The Prague Metro is specific. "I don't know whether the manual is ideal or whether it can be covered by a personality," concludes Švarc.
Former French President Chirac will be buried on Monday, public pieta will be on Sunday
The funeral of former French President Jacques Chirac, who died on Thursday at the age of 86, will take place on Monday evening at The Montparnasse Cemetery in Paris. The French media are reporting on this, citing Chirac's family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to say goodbye to the former head of state on Sunday afternoon at a pie in the Invalides in Paris, where the coffin of Chirac's remains will be displayed, the Elysée Palace announced.
Crowds have been pouring into the presidential residence since Thursday evening, according to AFP, to sign up for the condolence book. That will be possible until Sunday. On Monday, President Emmanuel Macron declared a state of mourning.
Meanwhile, there are further reactions from the world and from France to the deaths of the former mayor of Paris and the president from 1995 to 2007, whom Prime Minister Édouard Philippe today described as "French in the truest sense of the word."
Chiraca was remembered, for example, by the Japanese, because the politician was known for his love for their country and sumo sport. News of the former French president's death has appeared on the front pages of all Japanese newspapers, including sports, the French press notes.
The Quai Branly Tribal Art Museum on Paris's Quai Branly avenue, which Chirac founded, will not be collecting admission for ten days in honor of the former head of state.
The opening of pumpkin world delayed the maturation of pumpkins
Nová Ves u Leštiny (Havlíčkobrodsko) - The statehouse in Nová Ves near Leštiny in havlíčkobrodsko opened pumpkin world for more than a month today. Decorating with thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins, the garden is dominated by a massive orange pyramid. The autumn event, which is becoming a tradition, begins a week later this year, as the pumpkins on the surrounding seven hectares of pipka's fields have matured for longer. There are still a lot of them in the field, jaroslava pipková told CTK today.
Pippa grows many kinds of pumpkins, but the last two years they have not been wished for by the weather. This year's harvest was delayed and some species did not come out. "As usual, we have enough orange pumpkins for Halloween, but some species have not worked out for the fine-kest," pipková said. Nevertheless, there are several varieties to choose from the large pumpkins already mentioned, as well as carving and shoving decorations through hokaido pumpkins or elongated "spaghetti" to ornamental pumpkins of different colors and shapes.
Growing pumpkins is laborious. Farmers manually kick plants and harvest their fruits, cut off pumpkins from the stem with scissors. The pumpkin world has been opening regularly to Pipko since 2010, and last year attracted thousands of people. The décor from pumpkins is complemented by attractions made of straw or a maze of logs. Visitors will also see the animals raised on the farm. It will be open daily until 3. November.
Details of the event are on the farm's website, where growers also offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, such as pumpkin muffins or juice. Visitors tell them about other possibilities of pumpkin finishing in the kitchen. "A lot of cookbooks have tried their recipes, and we're going to get inspired," Pippa said. She noted that some pumpkin housekeepers also load sour as cucumbers.
The meal voucher fee is planned by the Ministry from 2021. Tax does not change anything
The MF is preparing an amendment to the Income Tax Act, under which an employee would receive money for food directly. According to the MF, a quarter of employees, i.e. about a million people who do not yet receive meal vouchers, will also reach the support of food.
However, according to the Chairman of the Association of Voucher Operators David Rýce, many small companies that do not have canteen or meal vouchers provide their employees with catering, for example by importing food or agreeing with restaurants.
"The essence of the project is that we do not change anything about the tax advantage. It will also not be covered by health and social security," Schiller said Friday. It added that the threshold for the maximum employer contribution applicable as a tax credit would also be maintained.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the price of meal vouchers. The remainder is paid by the employee, in some cases it is also paid by the employer, but no tax credit. The most advantageous value of meal vouchers for employees and employers this year is CZK 123.
Přindiš, Prskavec and Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the World Cup
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec and canoeist Tereza Fišerová safely advanced to the semifinals of the World Water Slalom Championships in Seu d'Urgell. Přindiš was fourth in Friday's qualifier, Prskavec fifth and Fišerová eighth. Three other Czech representatives will be seeking a semi-final start in Spain in the afternoon qualifying run.
Vavřinec Hradilek failed from a strong representative group of kayakers, who immediately at the start of the ride received a 50-second penalty for incorrect passing of the goal. On the contrary, you can rest with Prism and concentrate on Sunday's semi-final.
"I set myself the goal of driving the first ride into the t-30s, which I managed. Not that I don't care how I ended up, because it starts very early on Sunday, so I was hoping to be a little higher so I could have a better starting position," said Přindiš, praising the well-being in Seu. "Before the patrol race, I felt the hardest in the 14 days we've been here. But then it was good in the race and better today. It's been a beautiful time, nice races, the spectators have come, so fine," he said.
Sparkler was also satisfied. "In qualifying you don't want to make an unnecessary mistake. I didn't like it in the first wickets. Then I drove the middle well, without any problems, and I knew I had a mileage, so there was a second mistake when I wanted to go down straight and I turned the erk. Overall, I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, we'll see how it goes on," said this year's overall World Cup winner.
Both players praised their start on Sunday at the end of the semifinals. "I'm not a morning person, it's also cold in the morning, and when you're here at eight, it takes a jacket and a hoodie," Said Přindiš. "Overall, it takes an hour and a half for the semi-finals, which is a pretty good difference in terms of sleep," said Prskavec.
Of the three Czech singles, only Fišerová succeeded, Eva Říhová finished two places behind the 20th seed, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35th. "I went down the top as I could, in the middle passage I felt like I couldn't make it and didn't go as planned, but I was able to get to the comfort track I wanted to go. I've made two nudges, and I'm just behind the winner with pure time. I have a good starting position for the semi-finals," Fišerová said.
Coal will give way to gas and core. Renewables won't meet demand, says European exxonmobil chief
Renewable sourcing will not be enough for the Czech Republic to meet future energy demand. Due to the unsuitable climate, wind and solar power plants need to be supplemented with other alternatives, such as those using natural gas.
In an interview with HN, Philippe Ducom, president of the European subsidiary of ExxonMobil, one of the world's largest oil miners, says so. At the same time, it mentions that large repositories that could store unused energy from days when the sun and wind are enough are still too expensive.
Ducom visited the ExxonMobil centre in Prague, where 1,200 people work, and whose job is to support the company's business activities and provide logistics and other services needed for the company to function.
Declaration of the end of the right in the House or What "right-wing" coalition of ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
There have been recent reports in the media and commentary about the upcoming coalition of these parties. Many applaud that the "right" is finally coming together, but I ask why these parties still refer to themselves as right-wing.
Leaving aside the new Trikolora movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a real right-wing party. And it doesn't really matter how the subjects identify themselves or what labels are parsed by the mainstream media. The ODS is hardly central in its average of the party's top politicians, top 09 is clearly the party of the city's pseudo-liberal left (which is ashamed of its leftiness and thus hypocritically refers to it as conservative or even right-wing). STAN is a party that, by its conception, ideology and voter targeting, is essentially blending with TOP 09 (the reason for its existence is simply not clear to me). And the KDU has even labeled itself as the centre-right for a long time - but their political compass is far more left-to-left than they say.
Do you feel like I took all of them out of one water clean? No, I'm based on the real political steps of these parties. If I consider myself a classically liberal right-wing voter, the highest value for me is individual freedom, the free market and minimal state interference in the lives of individuals and the economy. How do these general assumptions of authenticity fulfil that party?' How many laws that slash people's freedoms with the salamism method, increasing taxes, affirming new regulations and increasing surveillance, increasing ties to the socialist EU or promoting environmental and gender madness have supported in recent years? A lot, a lot. Not custom stickers, but actions identify them. These parties, despite all sorts of declarations or partial concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And that has nothing to do with right-wingness.
I would not be surprised at all, on the political map they simply belong to each other and, with the other hand, the Christian or, conversely, homosexual and gender aspects in them, I do not see a clear difference in the way of the state's influence on their lives. However, the ODS has long portrayed himself as a "single right-wing" and by linking up with these three entities, it no longer reveals its true political inclusion.
By the way, when I briefly mentioned the stickers. Have you noticed how often all these parties label the critiques of conducting and socialism coming from the European Union as pro-Russian agents? Can't they or just don't want to understand that there are many people who don't smell as strongly about Eurosocialism and growing infreedom as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Don't they hide their utter argumentative incompetence and the unjustified or blind adoration of the Euro-EU situation?
It is simply possible that in the Czech Republic, other than the central policy, there is no longer a chance of greater success. Maybe that's the kind of connection voters really want. Perhaps they want left-centered politics under the cloak of the "right", because they are ashamed of their political beliefs (or can't even identify it). I don't know. I'm certainly not one of those voters.
Unexplained death of a little girl (†8) in Příbram region: The culprit does not await punishment
Unexplained cases are called "monuments" in criminal slang. But they are also being investigated if new information emerges after years. Especially when it comes to the death of a child. In 1980, jiří markovič was able to investigate the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokop Valley, which was 12 years old. "The 1955 case? That's going to be hard, very hard. It would take a start to find a file, it may no longer exist, to talk to those who investigated. Hope is always there, but it would be really hard," says Markovich.
Under the previous regime, the public did not report much about violent crimes, but according to Markovich, this does not mean that they are being investigated laxly. "It always mattered to specific people," the criminologist thinks. The problem may be that the materials from the 1950s and 1960s are not the only materials in the world. In the 1920s and 1980s, the In the 19th century, they can be destroyed, although unclosed cases should not be shredded.
Lucie Bílá's father was not a fan of her at all. You're not going to believe what she was supposed to do for a living!
Who does not know that the national treasure Lucie Bílá (53) is the original profession of seamstress and by her own name Hana Zaňáková, probably does not live in the Czech Republic. But the singer herself has now revealed that she almost worked in a glass factory!
Lucie Bílá knew from a relatively young age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love of singing was born when, as a young girl, she performed in a cultural house in her native Otvovice, where the foam still lives.
"And I remember exactly where my mother was sitting. That's when a singer was born in me," she admitted to Impulse radio.
But her father was a little worried about his daughter's future, and he advised her to take the path of a craft that has a golden bottom.
"Dad always said, 'Craft girl, craft. Walk your feet on the ground!' He even talked me into going to the local glassworks. The glassworks doesn't work anymore. I'm a trained seamstress and at home I make different rosaries and pendants out of beads, which I then auction at auctions and buy wheelchairs for money," she added with a laugh.
The launch of the new toll is not at risk, reports Kremlík. However, there is a change of operator in the game
The Ministry of Transport on Friday started preparations for a new tender for the operation of the new toll system. It is a back-up plan that the state would use if the current toll treaty were finally repealed. In addition, the state is also preparing another makeshift solution if the tender does not finish in time. On Facebook, Transport Minister Vladimír Kremlík (for YES) said this.
On Thursday, the Office for the Protection of Competition (IOHS) banned the performance of the toll contract between the State and the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium, with a one-year postponement. The Ministry will oppose it.
"The launch of the new toll collection system is not at risk. From today we are launching the preparation of a new transparent procurement procedure, which will be the subject of the operation of the new toll system, which is now being completed by the CzechToll and SkyToll consortium," said the Minister.
The state would thus be looking for the operator of the currently prepared toll, which will be launched from this December. It would therefore not be a competition for a completely new toll system, as was the case with the last tender, nor the use of the old system now operated by Kapsch.
However, according to Kremli, the ministry is also preparing for the fact that it would not be able to prepare the new tender in time. "Based on the experience gained so far with the course of the toll tender, I am deeply convinced that the Office is wrong and that within the specified period of 12 months it is objectively impossible to prepare and implement such a complex procurement procedure and to pass the operation of the toll system on to the new operator," he said.
In addition to the new procurement procedure, the resort will also prepare a temporary solution that would resolve the collection of tolls for a transitional period until the state has found a full-fledged solution.
The state is unlikely to take advantage of the offer made to it by the current administrator of the Kapsch toll in recent days. The Austrian company offered the state the operation of the existing system in the event that the toll contract was cancelled.
At the same time, Kremlík reiterated that he believed a back-up plan would not be needed. The Ministry will therefore file a decomposition against the antitrust authority's decision.
The Office issued a decision on Thursday prohibiting the performance of the toll contract. However, the ban will not take effect until a year after the authority's decision. This is not final and may be brought against it by decomposition to the President of the Office. The Ministry and CzechToll are therefore continuing to prepare a new toll, which should be launched in December.
In last year's tender for the new toll system and its operators, the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium won. The toll tender with an offer of CZK 10.75 billion for ten years of operation succeeded. The current operator Kapsch protested against the tender and the validity of the toll contract, which failed in the competition with an offer of over CZK 13 billion.
I still see me as a boy who's just looking at it, says Jan Cina
"It was a big school for everyone who worked on it. I fell in love with afro dancing there. The way I got something Roma in my dad, it totally enchanted me," said Jan Cina, who considers himself mainly a musical actor.
Much fresher memories than the series First Step has on the role of a painter in the new film National Class. Cina revealed that the director Štěpán Altrichter must have attracted him a lot. "The work was challenging, but the result is worth it. The film was made a year ago. Hard and honest, but at the same time fun. It was filmed on Národní třída, where I used to drive a car as a non-driver. There was also a lot of filming in the Southern City in Prague," he said of the Czech-German co-production picture.
Although he is nominated for the Thálie Award for his role in the production of The Little Prince, he does not consider it the pinnacle of his career. "I don't feel that way. I still see me as a kid who's just looking at himself. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I can see the summit far ahead of me," he said, noting that he had not even thought about thanking him in the event of victory. "Not really, but as a kid, when I listened to talk shows on the radio, I always imagined myself speaking to people."
Jan Cina has been living with his colleague Petr Vančura for thirteen years. What's his recipe for a happy relationship? "To like each other and to see problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," he said, recalling the award of the Czech Lions when his friend fell on the stairs.
"Yes, it really happened. He had new slippery shoes, and the red carpet was slippery, too. So it didn't take long to lay on the ground. He was able to make a priority out of it. He had a workshop on Vančur's Stairs, where he taught how to fall safely down the stairs at VIP events."
Děčín zoo rejoices in a small macaque
"Our group currently has seven members. Its youngest member came into the world 17. He was born to a female Buffy and is her fifth cub, the father of hitam. For the first days after giving birth, the female wore a cub tightly pressed against her body, and for a long time she did not want to show the world if she had given birth to a male or a female. At about three weeks of age, however, the cub has already started to put it off for a little while, so the keepers have known for a few days that it is a male," said zoo spokeswoman Alena Houšková, adding that the zoo has successfully raised 12 cubs of this species.
Macaque crested are the so-called endemites of Sulawesi Island, that is, they do not live in the wild elsewhere in the world. A typical feature is black fur and crest on the head, according to which they have a name. Macaques live in rainforests, especially at lower altitudes.
Like most primates, they feed on both plant and animal food. In the diet, the fruits of forest trees, which complement flowers and leaves, are very significantly prevalent. The need for protein is addressed by eating small arthropods, larvae and, to a lesser extent, bird eggs and chicks.
"Leaving aside the natural enemies that are pythons, all the rest of it has been written down by man. Locals hunt macaques as a favorite prey with tasty meat and for fur. The burning and felling of the rainforest is also fatal for these animals," the spokeswoman added.
Germany reports the first case of west Nile fever infection from a mosquito on its territory. This has to do with climate change
In addition to West Nile fever, mosquitoes can also transmit malaria, for example.
Germany on Friday reported the first case in which a man became infected with West Nile fever on German territory after being pinched by an infected mosquito. DPA informed. Until now, all the sick have become infected with the virus when traveling or contacting sick animals. According to experts, the groundbreaking case of the disease is related to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute reported that a 70-year-old man from Saxony had contracted the virus. He had a severe illness and was treated at a hospital in Leipzig due to inflammation of the brain. He's healthy now.
West Nile virus was first proven in 1937 in Uganda. In the meantime, it has spread to large parts of Africa, Asia and Europe, and in the 1990's it was the first country in the world to be re-emerged. in the 1980s and the United States. Its carriers are mainly birds, and also mosquitoes, which become infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state-owned companies are to go through the selection process. The law will be circumvented, the opposition says
"This is a typical bill that is unnecessary," said Zbyněk Stanjura, chairman of the ODS Group.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the Chamber of Deputies approved amendments to prevent the opaque distribution of functions - critics say, in state-owned firms - in the future. New applicants should go through the selection procedure at the ministry and will be assessed by the government committee for personnel nominations.
However, this is a compromise solution, which, for example, the ODS does not like, because it will supposedly allow ministers to make excuses that selection committees can be responsible for any mis-selection of state managers. Moreover, the opinion of the minister's committee will not be binding. The new one has yet to be approved by the Senate and signed by President Miloš Zeman.
Přerov: Driver crashed near kokory village: Died wedged in his Fabia
The tragic accident occurred on Friday on a straight section between Přerov and the municipality of Kokory. Fabie, a 28-year-old chauffeur, couldn't make it off the road and drove off the road. The car flipped over onto the roof and he remained wedged under it. He didn't survive the injuries sustained.
"According to initial information found at the scene, a passenger vehicle travelling in the direction of Kokory went off the road, where it overturned onto the roof and the driver remained wedged under the vehicle," said Přerov police spokeswoman Miluše Zajícová for the server novinky.cz.
And where are the spectators? Doha can't be London
At the same time, however, it is a step backwards, as the pilgrimage to Doha has voluntarily and consciously renounced the engrossing atmosphere that reigned at the sold-out London 2017 stadium and last year's European Championships in Berlin.
Giant banners on the walls of doha skyscrapers invite them to "the biggest sporting event of 2019." However, concerns about how dignified her backdrop will be are growing.
"Tickets for the target are sold out for all evenings," the organizers say.
But that's too little.
The upper floor of the Khalifa Stadium, with a total capacity of 40,000 spectators, is already covered with brightly coloured tarpaulins, with the flags of the 209 participating countries on it. Athletics has gone to qatar, where it has no roots despite the Diamond League's annual meeting.
So let's not be surprised that only 50,000 tickets were sold for ten days of the championship last week, although their price started at 60 Qatari rials, i.e. less than 400 crowns.
The organizers have now set themselves the goal of filling the uncovered parts of the grandstands in at least half. That's why, according to sources in the British newspaper Giuardian, they (though the organisers themselves deny it) hand out free tickets to migrants who work here as workers, as well as children. Which Sebastian Coe, head of the IAAF's athletics association, can also comment positively: "That's how we can inspire future generations."
Wealthy Qatar has previously won world championships in handball and cycling, after athletics comes in 2022 for a number of footballs. Financial deals from the oil power will always be lucrative for wealthy sports federations. That's the reality of today's sports world.
But even if we accept it and leave aside the absence of fans in the stadium, we can't resist the purely sporting sigh that the experiment with the first outdoor World Athletics Championships in the Arabian Peninsula should have timed the IAAF better - and for another year. The extremely late term, enforced by the climate, is breaking the entire pre-Olympic season schedule and thus preparing for a key Olympic season that would normally start for athletes as early as October.
Perhaps Qatar will make up for it with technological innovations, with the help of which it promises ultra-modern and attractive championships. That it's just 37 degrees? Already, the stadium area is artificially air-conditioned to twenty-four. And the advanced cameras, built directly into the blocks, are also supposed to give television viewers a closer look at what happens in the athletes in the hundredths of a second before and after the starter's shot.
Sparta is really charged this year, acknowledges Hradec back Nedomlel
In his case, the increased motivation is more than understandable. Hradec ice hockey defender Richard Nedomlel will play against the club where he recently played. However, the former Spartan is convinced that his teammates will be similarly involved, even though they have never put on the jersey of the Prague club.
"Everyone wants to pull out against Sparta," says hradec back before game 5. extra-league round.
Hradec Králové will try to stretch its winning streak, which at the moment includes three three-point wins in a row. After Kladno, Pilsen came on Sunday the most appreciated fans, Mountfield for the arrival of the neighboring Pardubice.
"But we can't watch the matches that were. We need to focus on the matches that await us now and play in them as well, if not better," says the Hradec defender.
The Castle should not look back on last year's balance sheet with Sparta. In three of the four matches they lost, they took points only once after winning in Prague after overtime. In addition, Sparta's management has brought some significant reinforcements in the summer and expects the team to return to the top.
"Sparta have always had quality players, but what we will talk about this year is really charged," admits Nedomlel before the first game of the end of this week.
And the other one? Also nice shift, waiting for Mountfield on Sunday afternoon in Třinec.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has hidden bitcoins and doesn't know what to do with them
Venezuela's central bank is conducting internal tests to see if it can hold cryptocurrencies. It responds to an order from the state-owned company Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which seeks to send bitcoins and ethers to the central bank and to pay the oil company's suppliers with cryptocurrencies. Employees are also studying the proposal that the central bank could factor cryptocurrencies into foreign exchange reserves, which are now close to a 30-year low. Citing information from four sources, Bloomberg reported.
The sanctions imposed by the United States against President Nicolás Maduro's authoritarian regime have largely cut Venezuela from the global financial system. This has further deepened the country's economic crisis. The current crisis is one of the most serious in the global comparison, forcing officials to use a mixture of different ways to move money. While Maduro's efforts to run the world's first state cryptocurrency have failed, continued efforts to use digital currencies show how desperate the government is trying to find ways to circumvent restrictions.
Neither the Bank of Venezuela nor PDVSA responded to a request for comment.
It is unclear how PDVSA came to its own bitcoins and ethers, nor how much value it owns. The company has difficulty obtaining payments from customers through conventional channels because the big banks are not willing to trade with entities subject to sanctions. Last month, the company received most of the $700 million ($16.6 billion) payment in Chinese yuan because the parties failed to find financial institutions to allow the transaction.
PDVSA may not want to sell cryptocurrencies on the open market because it would require it to register on the stock market and undergo due diligence. Instead, it wants the cryptocurrency to be used by the central bank and paid with it to entities to which PDVSA owes. Oil company officials believe the central bank is less exposed to any obstacles that could arise when paying for cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoins and ethers use a decentralized internet ledger known as blockchain to verify and record transactions. In some cases, relatively anonymous transfers are allowed without the need for an intermediary. Few banks engage in digital currencies because of money laundering problems and client information related to them and complicate compliance.
Cryptocurrencies are experiencing a return to the limelight this year after the 2018 debacle, thanks to expectations of their greater adoption by institutions and Facebook's plan to come up with their own cryptocurrency. They remain unstable anyway. Bitcoin has fallen nearly 20 percent in the last four days, but has a profit of about 130 percent since the beginning of the year.
Neckermann cancels all flights, it affects five hundred Czech clients
Neckermann cancels flights in connection with the insolvency of British Thomas Cook and his German daughter.
"The Czech company Thomas Cook, s. r. o., acting under the trade name Neckermann Cestovní kancelář, did not submit an insolvency proposal," Šrámek said in a press release.
"However, CK Neckermann is obliged to continue to cancel the planned departures of its clients," he said, adding that this currently applies to all departures from 26. Until 6 September. October.
According to Šrámka, the cancellation of flights will affect approximately 500 clients. The 800 clients of Neckermann, who are currently abroad, according to him , "will be taken care of and their safe return to the Czech Republic by their scheduled flight".
The travel agent admitted that some clients were asked to pay for their stay. "In this case, it is necessary for clients to contact the CK Neckermann SOS line immediately," added Šrámek.
Thomas Cook's crash happened on Monday. In August this year, the travel agency entered into a deal to put £900million into the firm.
Half of the sum was to be obtained from the Chinese firm Fosun Tourism. On this basis, it was to become majority owner. The other half should have been provided by bondholders and creditor banks. Already 20. However, it emerged that the creditors had asked the travel agency to obtain a reserve of £200million, otherwise the deal would fall. Then on Monday, the company announced it had gone bankrupt.
Under the bridge, someone killed a non-conflicted homeless woman. Police are looking for witnesses
According to the Prague police, the murder took place sometime during the evening to the night from Tuesday to Wednesday. It is at this time that the police call for possible testimony is involved.
"One of the drivers who was driving along the bridge connecting Libeň and Žižkov or pod Krejcárkem street could have filmed the killer on a dash cam, for example. Maybe a witness could just see him and describe him. In short, we will welcome any testimony on this case and accept it on line 158," said Jan Daněk, spokesman for the regional police directorate.
According to a spokesman for Daňek, the murdered homeless woman was non-conflicted, did not drink alcohol and did not seek out the company of other people. The woman was alive at the scene. "Most often it was around Krejcárk, Palmovka and Holešovice, where she carried large blue shopping bags," added Daněk, describing the victim, who could also help potential witnesses.
Slovaks succeed, they only pay a fine for racist insults
The Slovak Football Association succeeded in appealing against the closure of the stadium for the racism of fans. The national team was originally supposed to play a European Championship qualifier match with Wales without spectators, instead the union will now only pay a fine of 15,000 euros (about CZK 387,000).
The UEFA Disciplinary Committee punished Slovakia and Hungary for the behaviour of fans during a recent mutual qualifying match in Budapest, which was won 2-1 by visiting trustees of Czech coach Pavel Hapal. It closed the stadium for both associations and fined Slovakia €20,000, Hungary €67,000.
After the appeal, slovaks were only fined €15,000 for offensive political outcry. The national team's next match in qualifying for the European Championship qualifier with Wales on 10 May 2015 was the first of its time. It will be made available to fans on October 15 in Trnava.
Under-17 basketball players do not reach, finish fourth
The third World Cup of 17 was won by the Americans, who beat Spain just 77:75 in the final despite 40 points by Spain's Angela Salvadors.
"We really wanted to win and not be potato, but maybe we wanted it too much. We got off to a good start, but we couldn't hold it because they beat us under the basket," said Captain Karolína Malečková. "Playing in front of such an audience was a surreal experience," she praised fans in Klatovy and Pilsen.
The Czechs started very well, thanks to two threes they took an 8-0 lead and dominated the pitch throughout the first quarter. At that point, it seemed that they would repay the opponents with a 85-88 group defeat after overtime. But the referees whistled 15 fouls at half-time and, with questionable decisions, helped Hungary get back into the game with a 12-2 lead.
"I'm convinced that all we had to do was put two more three baskets, run to 20 points and we wouldn't let it go. But instead, our mistakes came. I don't care about the referees, but what we did wrong, and there were mistakes that helped the opponent get caught," coach Richard Fousek said.
"It wasn't the first time we'd had a blackout in concentration. But the girls are warriors, they didn't release anything and fought to the end. But the opponent was very good," he added.
The Czechs were especially held in the game by Petra Holešínská by accurate shooting from a distance and by pivot Tereza Šípová. However, the best Czech shooter had a problem with fouls and was missing much of the third quarter on the field. The Hungarians took advantage of this and gained a slight lead, which they had already maintained, even though the Czechs fought until the last seconds.
"For us, the first five games were very difficult, we turned the matches in a tight rotation and it cost us a lot of strength. Against Spain, you could see that the girls were tired and there was nowhere to take. Because of physics, we weren't consistent in defense. We didn't play a fast counterattack, we lacked a rebound. And Hungarians are of such good quality that if you don't slip everything together, you're hard to win," Fousek added.
He believes his trustee has a promising future. "In two years, the girls were able to win the Youth Olympics, be second at the European Championships of 16-year-olds, and now they are fourth in the world. For our circumstances, it is a quality team with a good character and we need to continue to work with it and develop talent. Now it's up to the federation to assign them a coach in the higher categories," Fousek added.
The end of the political newsroom? According to critics, the new law won't help!
But, according to some opposition MPs, the law is more likely to require ministers to get rid of the responsibility for the election while continuing to choose their candidates.
Greater transparency in tenders for positions in state-owned companies - this is one of the objectives of the nomination law. 119 Members voted in favour. The law passed, for example, thanks to the votes of YES, KSČM, Social Democrats and even Pirates.
Candidates for state-owned companies will have to go through a selection process before a government committee. For example, it was the Pirates who sought to make the minister's recommendation binding. That didn't work out in the end.
Citizens' Democrats and the SPD are concerned that the nomination bill will be recorded by ministers. "The minister will now be able to hide behind a commission decision and will therefore not have a clear transparent responsibility," says SPD President Tomio Okamura. Ods Vice-President Martin Kupka speaks similarly.
The government committee should reject the candidates who do not meet the conditions altogether. These will include criminal integrity, debt-free, a minimum age of 25 years and expertise as the main criterion of choice.
The bill will still have to pass the Senate, and then the president will get it for signature.
Tough competition for Kamiq damage. Kia XCeed is betting on rich equipment, at what price?
The Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult-to-class model. It is clearly one of the compact SUVs, but it does not offer all-wheel drive. This item leaves this item to the larger Sportage sibling, which is such a direct answer to cars like the Skoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X or Volkswagen Tiguan. In comparison, the XCeed also bets on more dynamic body shapes that can remotely recall the world of the SUV-coupe, popular in this part of the market, especially among premium Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz brands.
On the other hand, the XCeed can't be placed only alongside plasticized versions of classic compacts, such as the Ford Focus Active. In contrast, the Koreans have made a lot more changes to the bodywork, so anyone who doesn't want to see Ceed in the shapes of the news may not even be able to see the news.
Unlike the compact hatchback or Ceed estate, the XCeed is also offered exclusively with turbocharged engines, so don't expect a basic atmospheric 14-player. XCeed starts with a supercharged litre and also offers a supercharged 150 kW, reserved for siblings version GT. Don't expect a sports degree here. Turbodiesely 1.6 CRDi is only available in mild-hybrid design, that is, the internal combustion engine is assisted by an electric system that helps reduce consumption and emissions. From 100 kW it is also possible to pay for a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic in addition to the manual.
Soon, the offer will grow by a plug-in hybrid, a variant that will travel about six tens of kilometers on electricity only. The battery can also be charged from a normal socket.
Simona Krainová: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucia White!
The day before the baptism of the calendar Fuck The Age (translated by M*dat age) Simona Krainová posted her latest photos, on which she is completely naked! "I was a little worried that people would condemn me for taking pictures naked at my age. Because I'm a very shy person. But so far, I've only had positive reactions. I wanted to show women that if they wanted to, even at 46, it was possible to have a solid physique. Of course, there's hard work and renunciation behind it, but there's no other way."
"Lukáš Dvořák and I took about 3,000 photos, they selected about a hundred and there are twelve in the calendar, so the rest is still waiting for their moment. It's definitely not the last time I'm naked," the model, who also came to her baptism, told The Lightning.
She had an elongated Bernhardt jacket and shorts underneath, but it wasn't visible, so it looked like she'd forgotten her bottom. Running every day has strengthened her legs, so she can afford similar models.
Simona was so happy with her success that she kissed everyone she met at the baptism. Husband, friends, even Slavica Lucie Bílá.
The auto-sweetener brought the voice of the digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, proclaims the headline of a long text written for the Huffington Post by Michael Hobbes and photographed by Finlay Mackay. In a provocative explanation, it is written that for decades the medical community has ignored facts about obesity and waged a fierce (and also unnecessary) war against overweight people, which not only affected public opinion, but also destroyed many lives. But now is the time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes puts to the fore is the fact that there is often a very long and tedious journey from knowing and knowing the facts to putting them into practice. He mentions the case of scurvy, when some captains had already given away lemons, limes and oranges to their crews in the seventeenth century, believing that they would prevent the disease. However, the British Navy withdrew from the practice due to concerns about increased costs. The clear effect of fruit in the prevention and treatment of the disease was then demonstrated in the mid-18th century. In the 19th century, however, it took another fifty years for the Navy to take this into account. Seat belts existed long before the invention of the car, but it did not become mandatory until the 1960s, as well as the first confirmed asbestos-related deaths dating back to 1906, yet its first ban came in 1973.
"Every public health discovery - and no matter how significant it was - always had to compete with traditions, prejudices and financial incentives within the society into which it was to be implemented," Hobbes writes. Today, in American society, nearly 80 percent of the adult population and about one-third of children meet the definition of overweight or obese. More Americans today live with obesity than with breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and HIV combined.
Obesity is seen as a supremely personal failure of an individual who is said to be burdened by health and reduces GDP. The fear of thickness is so great in the population that Americans now spend more money on diets than they spend on computer games and movies. The truth is, however, that diets do not work. As early as 1959, research showed that 95 to 98% of attempts to lose weight end in failure, and two-thirds of people on a diet subsequently gain more than they lost.
Armed with statistics, Hobbes goes on to describe the lifestyle and traumas of overweight people. Personal meets with systemic, where, for example, at faculties in teaching future doctors the issue of nutrition is devoted to the issue of nutrition only 19 hours from the whole study. Which, at a time when the 60 calorie process that Americans receive, comes from ultra-processed food - that is, overly processed food.
In turn, reports from surgeries, where overweight people usually experience shorter check-ups, treat them with less empathy, and consider them more problematic patients, illustrate how stigmatised obesity is.
But being overweight is far from just an American problem, as Hobbes writes, since 1980, the proportion of obesity in 73 countries around the world has doubled and increased in 113. And in that time, no country has managed to shrink and stop this increase. Absolutely none.
Brno Grand Prix? There is a risk of ticketing being auctioned
The most expensive item is the annual listing fee before the Grand Prix. This year it was about one hundred and fifteen million crowns. "The mass of people who come to Brno at the Grand Prix will spend money there on accommodation, food or entertainment, which should more or less offset the costs associated with organising the event, including the stamp duty," said Petr Pelc, an economist.
According to him, the importance of the race is also in attracting tourists to the city. "Brno doesn't have that many of the world's tourist attractions. The great prize attracts visitors there as well as from abroad. For Brno it is important as well as, for example, the Tuřany airport or the exhibition centre. And these are projects that are supported by public money," the economist added.
Grand Prix in Brno
- costs for the past five years: CZK 686 million
- profits from the last five years: CZK 682 million
- problem: lack of money to organize, increasing the fee for the promotional company Dorna
- possible solutions: more money from the state, use of advertising space, increase the price of tickets
- state of play: negotiations on a new contract for the organisation of races for the next five years
According to the director of the Institute of Public Administration Filip Hrůza, the organizers now have to evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. "The Grand Prix is sucking money out of public budgets for other matters. But to some extent, it's a political issue, not an economic issue," he thinks.
In the future, the cost of a motoring event may be even higher. In the game, the option of increasing the stamp duty is almost doubled.
"The situation is not closed, we must try to negotiate the best possible terms with Dorna. It also depends on the extent to which the state is prepared to contribute to the organisation of the race. If the worst-case scenarios were to materialize, I am afraid that it is not realistic for the city and the region to pay the amount," admitted The Mayor of Brno, Markéta Vaňková.
As the Daily Equality has already reported, representatives of the South Moravian Region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising because of the difficulties in raising money for the Grand Prix. "Dorna's condition is that the ad must be placed in places that don't occupy cameras. The choice of companies is also limited, because if Dorna has a general sponsor, the second sponsor cannot be a company from the same area," vaňková explained.
In the coming years, organizers can also get more money from tickets. "We have to sit down and tell you what the costs will be. And we have to adapt the revaluation of tickets to this," said Brno opposition councillor for the ANO movement and former mayor Petr Vokřál.
Accident on D5: Highway closed by truck collision
The incident was reported around 08:00 on 22. in the direction of Prague. "The highway is closed, at least for freight traffic. Cars can go through a gas station," police spokeswoman Michaela Richter said this morning. Traffic resumed around 2:30 p.m. According to Richter, the preliminary damage is at least TWO million crowns, the cause of the accident is being investigated by police.
Petr Svoboda, a spokesman for central Bohemian firefighters, said that one truck was carrying passenger vehicles and the other was a plastic granulate. "Due to the large impact, the transported vehicles were moved, which firefighters had to first ensure against a possible fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank, which leaked about 200 liters of diesel. Another 200 litres were drained by firefighters. Workers of the Environment Department of Beroun Town Hall were called to the accident due to the fuel leak. The rescue of the crashed vehicles and the passage of the highway were provided by a private company, which also extracted contaminated soil.
Failed qualification. Czech athletes are not doing well in Doha
The Doha World Championships began with qualifying setbacks for Czech athletics. Diana Mezuliáníková dropped out of the 800 meters and neither the hammersmith Romana Maláčová nor the hammersmith Kateřina Šafránková, who defended the eighth place, which she surprised in London last year, failed to qualify.
The start on Friday will be completed by the hurdler Vít Müller and the night marathon race will be run by Marcela Joglová.
Saffron threw her third attempt at 65.46 meters and fell nearly six meters behind her this year's maximum, which she would have to improve to advance. Maláčová jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was already beyond her power. To participate in the final it was necessary to conquer the limit of 460 cm.
Mezuliáníková, who reached the championship at the last minute thanks to an invitation from the International Federation of the IAAF, finished in the fourth round on the penultimate sixth place and even a time of 2:03.48 minutes was not enough for her to advance to the semifinals. She fell behind her peak this year by one and a half seconds. "It was pretty quick on me, unfortunately I was there in a corner with my opponent, which took a lot of power away from me. I felt like I still had the strength, but that's where it slowed me down. I almost stopped and had to run again, so it was a little uncomfortable on this one. I can't be completely satisfied," said the Czech representative.
She was glad to overtake at least one opponent on the finish line. "She wasn't really doing well, so every loser was good. But I think it was in fifth place. Unfortunately," she added. The fastest half-back in the race was Winnie Nanyond of Uganda in 2:00.36.
In Doha, the best 80-year-old caster Semenya of South Africa, who has too high testosterone levels in her body, is missing, but like some other runners, she rejects the treatment ordered by IAAF rules this year.
In the 100 meters races, the number one american Christian Coleman confirmed the role of number one favourite, with 9.98 to reach the 10-second mark. His compatriot Justin Gatlin, 37, also advanced to the semifinals. The Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who is 9.86 in this year's table and expected to face Coleman, who has a 9.81 performance this season, did not start.
Juan Miguel Echevarría, a Cuban who made the first jump to 840 cm, showed great form in the long-distance qualifiers. The 21-year-old Cuban leads this year's table with an 865cm performance.
French Oscar nominee Wretched launches Be2Can show
The Golden Bear and both winners of this year's Berlinale, the Cannes Prize for Directing and the Jury Prize will present the 6th Prize in The Great British Empire. 19th annual festival film from Berlin, Venice and Cannes. This year, the Be2Can festival will bring a selection of the most remarkable and encourage, which presented the competitions of the three most important European film festivals.
The opening film of this year's show will be the French drama Misery, for which the film's author Ladj Ly took the Jury Prize at this year's Cannes Festival. The film is a French Oscar nominee. The premiere of the film in Prague will be presented in person by representatives of two main roles of police officers of the criminal unit, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zonga. Alexis Manenti is also a co-author of the film's script.
Be2Can will take place this year in Prague cinemas Lucerna and Edison Filmhub, as well as in Brno (Cinema Art), Ostrava (Minikino) and Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) from 2. until 8 May 2005. October.
Director Ladj Ly's directorial debut was presented and awarded at a number of other world festivals after his success at Cannes. At the Durban MFF he won the Best Film and Best Screenplay Award, and was also presented at the IFF in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo and will soon also be inducted into San Sebastián.
Within the festival, however, the audience can also look forward to the films Synonyms, Young Ahmed, System Intruder, Goodbye, My Son, Sorry, We did not catch you, Anthology of the Ghost Town and the film U Zlaté rukavice. But other fresh news from this year's Venice, which will head to the Czech distribution: sci-fi Ad Astra, Joker, to the Czech triumph of The Colored Bird.
Which cities disappear under the sea?
A vote by the upper house of the Canadian parliament has confirmed a familiar rumor for several days: Canada is revoking the honorary citizenship of former nobel peace prize laureate Do Aung San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who has spent years under house arrest for trying to bring freedom to her country, has lost her honorary degree for his involvement in genocide against the minority Rohingya nation.
Suu Kyi's decision to take honorary citizenship was approved by the lower legislature a week ago, and senators have now unanimously endorsed it. "This is the right message for both her and Myanmar and the world," independent senator Ratna Omidvar commented on her colleagues' decision. "We must make it clear that genocide accomplices here in Canada are not welcome - all the more so as honest citizens."
The verdict of the Canadian Parliament does not technically change anything for Suu Kyi, it is only an honorary title, but on a symbolic level it is a strong message for her. The silence of a longtime human rights activist on atrocities committed by myanmar's majority-Buddhist army for months is intolerable.
The fact that there is an officially organised genocide in Myanmar and that Suu Kyi - the de facto prime minister of the government there - has completely failed in its duty to protect its citizens, was recently brought about by a UN report. Specifically, it mentions the names of several army commanders who, according to the investigation team, should stand trial for crimes against humanity committed in actions that - as the report says - "shock both by the dyed-out of their actions and by a huge scale." According to the UN, Suu Kyi and her administration were complicit mainly by covering up and releasing a fog of lies around them - for example, that it was an "anti-terrorist operation."
After Suu Kyi's removal, five celebrities remain on Canada's list of honorary citizens: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tändzin Gjamccho, 14. Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, 49. imams of Shiite Muslims and Malala Yusufzai.
The development around the former icon of the struggle for freedom and democracy was also reflected in the Canadian Museum of Human Rights, where Suu Kyi's profile included information about atrocities against the Rohingya and a parliamentary decision to take her title as an honorary citizen. "We have also dimmed the illumination of her photo on a tabla depicting the timeline of the struggle for human rights, and we are thinking of replacing her face with a portrait of a member of the Rohingya minority," Canadian media quoted museum spokesman Rorie McLeod as saying.
The only thing that will remain in Suu Kyi's current upheaval - at least for now - is the Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to her at the suggestion of Václav Havel in 1991 for his huge contribution to the fight for democracy. "While Ms. Suu Kyi's current actions are regrettable, her award will not be annulled," Nobel Foundation chief Lars Heikensten told CBS Canada.
Microplastics reached human intestines, study confirms
Scientists have confirmed several years of suspicion. The team, led by University of Vienna professor Philippe Schwable, published a study that for the first time demonstrates the presence of microplastics in human faeces. The study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia - however, small plastic particles between 50 and 500 micrometers were found in samples of all the people examined. None of the eight subjects were vegetarian, six of them did not shy away from sea fish, all drank water from plastic bottles and food wrapped in plastic.
And it would actually be a bit of a miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplastics - which are produced either directly, for example for the needs of the cosmetics industry, or result from the decay of larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water and sodas; everywhere on the planet. Their entry into the digestive tract of man was therefore only officially confirmed. Ten grams of stool accounted for about 20 microplastic particles, and scientists estimate that more than half of the world's population will have them.
Of course, lay and scientific awareness suspects that this is not well. However, humanity still does not know how bad it is - and what effect microplastics have on "host" organisms. Small particles can get into the bloodstream or lymphatic system and end up in the liver, for example. "It's the first study of its kind and it confirmed what we had long thought. Now that we have the first evidence of the presence of microplastics in the human body, we need to continue to investigate what exactly this means for human health," says Schwabl.
So far, it is known that microplastics in the intestines can negatively affect the immune responses of the digestive system, thereby facilitating the absorption of poisonous chemicals and other pathogens into the body. And so far, there is no known solution other than to limit the use of plastics, especially polypropylene. But this will be difficult - the first task facing governments and the authorities will at least stop its steep rise. As for plastic bottles, experts estimate that in three years, humanity will consume a fifth more than it does today. The current pace is a whopping one million bottles bought per minute. Every year, around eight million tons of plastic end up in the seas and oceans. Waste threatens marine ecosystems and floods the digestive systems of marine animals.
Some states have already taken restrictions and other measures, for example, Kenya - under the threat of draconian punishments - has banned plastic bags. The European Commission is considering small bans (well-known straws), and the domestic Ministry of the Environment is heading in the same direction. Critics, however, argue that such measures are nice, but completely inadequate.
Harry in the footsteps of Princess Diana (†36)! Where's Meghan?
Diana was special in being able to grab people's hearts. In January 1997, she caused a stir when she visited Africa and, in particular, a minefield. The images, wearing a protective suit and shield on his face, have become iconic. And even then, no one could have known that a few months later, the princess of human hearts would exhale for the last time in a tragic car accident in Paris.
Now her younger son Harry has scored as he has made his way to the same place as her after 22 years. He went to the mine removal post in Diric, Angola, and also put on a special protective suit, looking very thoughtful. He certainly couldn't resist the memories of his beloved mother, whom he lost at the age of just 13.
Harry gave a speech on the spot praising the efforts of the Halo Trust, which is working to defuse minefields and other explosives in war-making countries. "Minefields are un healing wounds of war. By cleaning them up, we can help the community find the peace with which opportunities come," he said, also appealing to the conservation and maintenance of wildlife and local rivers as a source of water. After this visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huamba to rename the local orthopaedic centre after his famous mother, Princess Diana.
He didn't forget to mention it on his official Instagram account: "The Duke is honored to visit the place and community that were so important to his mother, get to know their relentless mission and speak for everyone she (Diana) felt they needed to be heard, even though the problem wasn't popular globally," sussex royal appeared in a post on her Instagram.
But royal fans may be tired of taking his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months) on such a quest to remember Diana. They both have a separate program against Harry since Wednesday, apparently to protect them. After all, taking a small baby to a minefield doesn't sound very safe, and Harry doesn't want to put his beloved family at any cost.
Only ones. We don't have reproduction, but we don't have to scare
Some words have unfortunate connotations, even if they only communicate the state of things. They include the word "only child." It refers to a child growing up without siblings, but does not sound neutral. "You know, an only child," they say, without any need to add. Interestingly, this feature of the "only child" has always been, even from the days when terms such as the demographic crisis were not widely used.
Today, even people outside the scientific community know that a fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman is required to ensure simple reproduction of the population. It is also widely known that in Europe today no state achieves this value. France or Sweden are close to it at most, but the simple reproduction rate of the population is not ensured by European countries. (Within the West, only Israel is out of step with a total fertility of 3.1 children per woman.) It's a situation like it's made for alarmism. Therefore, it is no wonder when the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs Maláčová also falls for him: "There are almost as many children as two children," she said in an interview with LN. But she neglected the devil hidden in detail.
Yes, it's good to draw attention to the problem instead of being bagatelized or ideologized. Like in Germany, where the campaign for more children easily gets a fascist sticker (in the style of "hitler supported it"). It's a good thing to be reminded that many couples are planning directly. It is a good thing if politicians show a willingness to remove the obstacles to these decisions (for example, a slight expansion of work from home discourages women from further pregnancies). But despite all this, let's draw attention to one thing.
If Minister Maláčová says that "there are almost as many singles", there is a step in demagoguery. That statement was made 20 years ago. Recall that fertility in the Czech Republic last ensured a simple reproduction in 1980 ("Husák's children"). Then it fell to a menacing 1.14 in 2000. But since then, it has risen by almost fifty percent, to the current 1.70 children per woman, which is above average in Europe. It's not enough for simple reproduction, so the activity of politicians is appropriate. Only with the alarmism can they take a little bit off.
Costa Rica is a champion in the fight against climate change
The title was received by Costa Rica for several reasons. For starters, the plan to be carbon neutral by 2050 - but many countries have committed to this under the Paris Agreement. The Central American nation, with a population of around five million, produces only 0.4 percent of the world's emissions. Costa Rica has also pledged to fully switch to renewable energy by 2030, with 70 percent of buses or taxis expected to run on electricity.
The official tourist organization says that about 95 percent of the energy from renewable sources already comes from them - 300 days in 2017.
Costa Rica boasts almost 30 national parks.
The density of afforestation also contributes to the reduction of emissions. Rainforests with diverse fauna and flora, covering more than half the territory of the country, are also one of the main tourist trucks. "Costa Rica is a pioneer in nature conservation and gives an example to other countries in the region, but also around the world. Climate change requires urgent action from all of us," the UN said in a statement.
Costa Rica boasts almost 30 national parks, which is a lot given the country's small size (51,100 square kilometers). Rainforests, coral reefs or mangrove swamps are home to five percent of the world's biodiversity. The country also has volcanoes, picturesque waterfalls, and you could also find several lifelines for sloths.
Gentle to the planet. In Prague, the Night of Scientists begins
"In Prague, I would definitely visit CTU and look at the model of what smart cities will look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Institute of Anatomy at the Medical Faculty, to which there is no access to the public at other times," advises The Night of Scientists national coordinator Jitřenka Navrátilová.
The Institute of Anatomy offers an autopsy and the opportunity to try out the work with surgical instruments.
"Then I would run over to ČZU and watch the film Green Desert," adds Navratilova. Nine laboratories will also offer guided tours. The motto of this year's Night of Scientists is "planet-friendly."
Attorney General reinstates prosecution of mother who manipulated daughter against father
Attorney General Pavel Zeman opposes the acquittal of a mother who has long manipulated her daughter and disrupted her relationship with her father. She faced charges of abuse and endangering her upbringing. The regional court acquitted her, Zeman disagrees. In a similar act, according to his appeal to the Supreme Court, a criminal offence can be found.
The Supreme Court's decision could have a broader impact on other cases. "A more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse can also be considered necessary in terms of regulating further application practice," says Zeman's appeal.
Last year, the District Court in Svitavy first found the woman guilty of abuse of a trustee and endangering the upbringing of a child. She and her daughter formed a strong, even symbiotic bond, even in a situation where she was to be entrusted to her father.
The result was a pathological fixation on the mother and a significantly negative relationship with the father. The situation was marked by the emotional development of the daughter, who was even hospitalized. She threatened to self-harm in the event of being handed over to her father.
The Svitavy court imposed two years in prison for his mother, with a two-year probation. However, the Pardubice branch of the regional court acquitted the woman in the appeal proceedings, it is not a criminal offence. The same verdict was repeated by the regional court even after the Supreme Court had already ordered it to rule again.
The regional court found that situations where one parent manipulates a child against another is not exceptional in any way. It is dealt with in custody proceedings, possibly with the help of psychologists or youth social protection bodies. Rarely is criminal law the solution.
According to the attorney general, however, the woman committed both abuse and threats to education. "The accused acted in a completely targeted way, in which she aroused negative feelings towards her father in her daughter, and purposefully confirmed these negative emotions. By doing so, she not only pursued an illicit intention to restrict or exclude the contact of the father with a minor, but she must have necessarily been aware that this would cause negative consequences in the psychosocial sphere of the minor," the appeal states.
Zeman asked the Supreme Court to return the case to the regional court once more. The appeal imply that the child is now in the care of the father.
Step aside, he called out Schiller for words about the opposition scum czernin
"I find it completely unacceptable that a member of the Czech Government anywhere, less on the floor of parliament, should use such a totalitarian expression," Czernin wrote in an open letter to Schiller.
Her words caused a stir when discussing the draft constitutional action against President Miloš Zeman. The opposition couldn't get enough votes, and the draft constitutional action that the Senate came up with threw the Members off the table.
"I get dozens of messages from people I don't know. There's not a single vote in support of this lawsuit. There's messages in support of the president and messages like how taxpayers' money is being spent, empty straw being smashed. And I even dare not use hard language, one of them to quote: It's opposition and senatorial scum," the finance minister said.
"With these terms, the Nazis often used citizens of Jewish origin and communists to their political opponents. It is a rhetoric of totalitarianism, without a modicum of respect for man and opinion," wrote The Minister of TOP 09 Czernin, who will compete for the position of party chairman with the current first vice-president Markéta Pekarová Adamová in the autumn.
"I quoted one of the many reports that I received dozens during the Chamber of Deputies. Their common denominator was disgust at the constant personal dishonesty that we have seen daily in domestic politics, which was also the main motive of Thursday's Meeting of the Chamber of Deputies. I am surprised by the fact that someone refers to themselves," Schiller said to CTK.
Destroyed shops, street fires, memorial procession accompanied by riots
Five years ago, 43 students at Ayotzinapa University disappeared, despite extensive investigations, but the case has not yet been cleared. The students were allegedly detained by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not clear exactly what happened next, according to the investigation, but the students apparently ended up in the hands of a local syndicate and were subsequently killed and burned, APTN news agency reported.
A memorial service was held in Mexico's capital on Thursday, with families expressing frustration over the fact that they are still unable to find answers and explain their children's disappearance.
But the mostly peaceful march was disrupted by smaller groups of vandals destroying everything in their path. Vandals destroyed shops and hotels, didn't cover or destroy monuments, set fires around the city and smashed windows.
Even before the march, President Andres Manuel López Obrador said he would do everything possible to catch him and asked the public for any information that would lead to clarification of the case.
More than 142 people were detained as part of the investigation, but none of them could be convicted. Many of them had to be released because their human rights had been violated, investigators reportedly had suspected torture, adds APTN.
Mahulena Bočanová interrupted the annual detox and sin again!
More than a year ago, Mahulena Bočanová confided in The Lightning that she had chopped off with alcohol. "During the holidays, I thought I'd give my old, 100-year-old body a breath. I've given myself a deadline forever. I feel terribly rested, I have a lot of energy and, most importantly, my psyche has improved. I haven't been mentally good lately. I get up better, my head doesn't hurt, I have more energy, more money."
She said a year's abstinence was enough, and the actress found her way to alcohol again. "Sometimes I'll have bubbles or fine wine, but I won't drink what I used to drink. I'm going to have one drink, and I'm having fun till morning. I've got a bottle of wine in the fridge for a week. I also enjoyed non-alcoholic beer, which I can drink at any time," boasted Mahulena, who still pairs with Brno businessman Petr.
Bočanová also returned to the theatre season after the holidays and will re-enter the series Sorries in the Rose Garden. "I'm embarrassed for the first two performances, I was really bad, I was saying it, but it got better," the actress smiles critically.
Jaromír Soukup spoke about Gott: He wishes him peace
Presenter and entrepreneur Jaromír Soukup (50) will not be alarmed by any questions. In your show Call and Write to the Boss he publicly expresses himself on various topics. And he's not even a stranger to tabloids, which he sparked and wittily glossed over. Although this time he wasn't laughing.
Jaromír Soukup commented on the sad news, which is a very serious illness of Karel Gott. He promised the singer one very thoughtful thing for himself.
"You know, Karel got sick and said it fair without having to poke around by tabloid journalists. I don't want to comment on it, it's a serious illness, we all respect Karel Gott immensely. And I wish him, of course, a successful treatment and, above all, peace! The peace that he needs now," said barrandov, the owner of the television.
"I wish the media would leave him alone. And she waited for the news that the Master himself decides to provide to the media. I don't really like the different statements his old acquaintances and celebrities think about his health. And on our media, I can say that we will only deal with his illness and his person if he shows his own interest. I think other media should consider a similar approach."
Young Czechs think they can do it with money. The survey did not confirm this
"It turns out that young Czechs have somewhat more confidence in their knowledge of finances than reality. In this case, women and respondents without graduation had a significantly greater proportion of poor responses," said Jaroslava Palendalová, director of KRUK.
Men and young high school students or undergraduates believe in their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs learn the most about the functioning of financial matters from parents (37 percent), self-study on the Internet (23 percent) and only in the third row from teaching at school (21 percent).
Questions about finances consult parents mainly women, while information on the internet is sought by men. Obtaining information about finances from parents prevails in all age categories of young people, regardless of their educational attainment or personal income. Brochures of financial institutions, professional journals and publications have a virtually minimal influence.
"Once again, the importance of raising children by their parents, who represent authority in all the main areas of life, is shown. That's why the level of financial literacy of parents who transfer their knowledge and experience to their offspring is a key step," palendal said.
94 percent of the young prefer savings and investments.
The question is clearly whether it is better to save and buy their own house or apartment, for example, or to enjoy and spend money, without savings and own housing.
94 percent of those surveyed know the strategy for savings and investments in tangible fixed assets. This applies across all age categories of young people, regardless of educational attainment, social status or current level of personal income.
The survey strategy is then 100% held by people in matrimony with two or more children and public sector employees. On the contrary, people living alone and with an income above CZK 30,000 per month want to enjoy themselves.
The hunter was injured in a fall from a seat, carried to an ambulance for three hours
The unfortunate accident occurred just before half past eight in the top areas near Čertova mlýn.
"It was a very complex and inaccessible terrain, so we took five of our rescuers with the right technique to the injured man. At the same time, we asked for cooperation with the Health Rescue Service of the Moravian-Silesian Region. The paramedics then dispatched an ambulance to the accident," libor kluz, the dispatcher of the Beskydy Mountain Service, described the circumstances of the intervention.
Rescuers found the hunter in a chosen location with multiple injuries. He was immediately treated and then gently transported on the so-called Austrian cart through the impassable terrain.
"Transport in the route of about one and a half kilometers was slow and difficult. The injured nimrod was therefore handed over to the crew of the ambulance after approximately three hours," added Libor Kluz.
Fortunately, according to Radan Yakovsky, the authorized chief of the Beskydy Mountain Service and at the same time an intervening rescuer, a fellow hunter was able to describe in detail the whereing of the injured.
"We found it relatively quickly. However, if the Ambulance app had been on his phone, our paramedics would have been there sooner, and at the same time the dispatch 155 would have known about the accident and its situation immediately," said Radan Jaškovský.
He added that a loaded mobile phone with the Ambulance app activated should be commonplace in the mountains today.
Zeman conservationist - Man stretching institute calls for law enforcement
Anyone who moves in a camp-divided society and doesn't want to go completely stupid, welcomes situations where they don't have to cheer only on their own. When can he admit the pluses to someone else he criticizes? No longer to feel that he is oriented only according to pre-allocated stickers. Such situations include a list of badly damaged monuments, which President Zeman fencing during his favorite trips to the regions.
Everyone knows what's going on. And who occasionally travels through The Czech Republic, sees many of those devastated monuments - from the centers of historical towns to individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches or estates - with their own eyes. Everyone suspects that even here can come to the word demagoguery. That if we criticize the town hall for not caring for monuments or any horror in the zoning plan, it may be the work of former administrations. Or a privateized object whose owner is not traceable. The head of state of local policy calls: "The section of the Heritage Act allows you to fine owners of objects who do not care about their property." But even if the owner is incomprehensible, it must be acknowledged that the president calls for law enforcement. Which even critics of his bending of the constitution should recognize as a plus.
Of course, Miloš Zeman would not be Miloš Zeman if he considered all the details and formalities of a complex problem. But he stands up for a good thing, much like squatters he doesn't recognize. Two years ago, we wrote: "Despite all the swearing, squatters draw attention to a problem outside the current interest. The fact that this or that building is in a state of emergency." And let's face it, the president is doing the de facto same thing.
When you come to the historic center of Jáchymov, you will be amazed at how devastated it is - including houses with Renaissance cores. At a time when Jáchymov celebrates 500 years of silver mining and tolar excavation (dollars for Americans). Why? They say that because of the quick-fermented sale of houses in the 1990s, there was a great-good increase in the quality of the house. In the 1980s, officials there say. But what is it that the seven-kilometre-long Island, the seat of the Slyk, who had the Jáchymov tolars, has a well-repaired historical core? It is a good thing if the president draws attention to these things.
Babiš called for security cooperation at terror memorial
Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and his wife Monika visited the 27th President of the Republic of China on 27 May 2005. September 2019 in New York city memorial to the terrorist attacks of 9/11. They shall forth on 15 September 2001 ground zero.
Terrorism is the main enemy that all the countries of the world should fight together against. At the conclusion of a five-day visit to the United States today at the New York Memorial for the 9/11 terrorist attacks, the United States has been the site of a terrorist attack. Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš declared on September 1, 2001. On this occasion, the Prime Minister honored the memory of two victims of Czech origin.
"It's a very touching place," said the Prime Minister, as he laid a white rose with the names of Lukáš Rambouska and Czechoslovak immigrant Alena Sešínová, accompanied by his wife Monika. Both were among the more than 2,750 dead who were killed in the hijacked aircraft attack on a former pair of World Trade Center (WTC) skyscrapers. The WTC towers collapsed after the impact, and now there is a memorial with a name list of victims in their place.
"It is necessary to remember what happened here, the horror," Babiš said. The 9/11 attack on the US was the first to be 10 000. On 19 September 2001, the Prime Minister identified as the reason why the UN should cooperate in a unified campaign against international terrorism. At the time, in addition to destroying the WTC skyscrapers, the terrorists crashed the hijacked plane into the Defense Department building in Washington, and planned to strike a target in Washington, probably the White House or Congress. However, this aircraft crashed as the passengers confronted the hijackers.
"This is our main enemy, that is where all the countries of the world should unite and fight international terrorism in a coordinated way," the Czech Prime Minister added.
The Slovenians also beat the Polish world champions and are in the final of the ME
Slovenian volleyball players will play sensationally for the european champions' premier title. With the support of almost 12,000 stormy fans in Ljubljana, the reigning two-time world champions defeated poles 3:1 and are the first finalists.
They will decide on Friday between France and Serbia, who will be invited to the climax in Paris on Sunday.
The Slovenian team was much more compact in the semi-finals than the Polish world champions. They were only the beginning of the opening set and with luck the end of the second set, but the home volleyball players were overcome in defence, and from the players in the red-and-white jersey basically scored only a native of Cuba León.
However, in the home line-up both packers Čebulj and Urnaut and the second universal Štern, who soon replaced the bland Gasparini, were introduced in life form. The Poles paid for the fact that all previous matches at this Euro had won sovereignly, while the Slovenians gained confidence after heavy battles in the playoffs with both Bulgarians and Russians.
He and the Poles lost 1-3 in the Gdańsk Olympic qualifier in August this year, but they were defeated at home. Now, however, it will leave the sold-out Ljubljana Arena Stožica. After today, however, they have a certain second medal in history, in Paris they can improve the unexpected silverware from me four years ago.
At the previous European Championship, the Slovenians finished eighth, after the Czech national team.
Technology companies want to rule our cities
Francis Fukuyam's history has been somewhat poached. In 1992, at the height of the wave of liberalism that followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political scientist wrote in his most famous book, The End of History, and the Last Man wrote, "What we may have witnessed... is the final point of the ideological development of mankind and the universal acceptance of Western liberal democracy as the ultimate form of governance."
Twenty-six years later, we are more likely to see from the US to Russia, from Turkey to Poland, and from Hungary to Italy, models of illiberal prevail, and different forms of nationalism and radicalism thrive. Fukuyam's current ninth book, Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment, is trying to cope with the onset of these forces. As his george eaton interview for the New Statesman shows, many of his former opinions are rethinking: he argues that ideas of socialism should be returned to public space, and Marx was right in many ways. At the same time, he insists that his thought development is still in line with the position of the 1990s, and critics of The End of History and the Last Man are said to have misundersthended.
"What I was saying back then was that one of the problems of modern democracy is that it provides peace and prosperity, but people want more than that... Liberal democracies don't even try to define what a good life is. It leaves it to individuals who feel alienated, do not see the meaning, and therefore they group according to identity, which give them a sense of belonging."
In its time, the book The End of History and the Last Man was written as a strong argument against marxists who perceived communism as the final stage of history. When asked how he now perceives socialists in Britain and the US, Fukuyama replies: "It all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we are talking about ownership of means of production, then with the exception of when clear services to the public are in demand, i do not think this will work. But if you are referring to redistribution programmes that are trying to address the huge income and wealth imbalances we are witnessing, then yes. I think not only could he come back, he should come back. In many ways, the long period that president Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher started, and in which certain types of ideas about the benefits of an unregulated market came to the fore."
In the end, Fukuyama is trying to calm the current situation, and he warns all liberals that even the emergence of new, not entirely democratic regimes will mean the end of history.
Soldiers rehearse, pull down the curtains. China prepares celebrations at the site of the massacre
The army has been rehearsing the game over recent weekends. Shops in central Beijing had to close, and residents near the square were ordered to close the curtains. Military vehicles rolled down the vacant streets and battle planes circled the sky.
Several Chinese have told Reuters they are proud that their country will exposing its military might. But one woman said it was hard to deny that other states would be alarmed by the celebrations.
She was probably referring to Taiwan, which China claims and where the election is coming. But they may also be concerned in Hong Kong's semi-autonomous city, where thousands of people have repeatedly demonstrated against China's administration.
Celebrations are also being prepared outside Beijing. The South China Port of Xiamen had already put on a special light show on Thursday night. Xiamen is across from island Taiwan and is one of China's top 10 most innovative cities.
Before the anniversary, the list of forbidden things is growing. It already has drones, balloons, dragons, alcohol, radios and radio equipment, The Guardian reported. He added that China's popular social network Weibo is erasing "harmful political information."
"This is another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Chinese Communist Party remains (at the oars) despite all the predictions," said historian Maura Cunningham, who covers China. "It's a moment when the party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was founded in 1949, when the Communists, led by Mao Zedong, won the battle against Chiang Kai-shek nationalists who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960's, The New York In the 1980s, China underwent a disastrous communist experiment in the form of the so-called Cultural Revolution. In June 1989, the regime massacred thousands of pro-democratic protesters in Tiananmen Square.
Since the late 1970's, there has been a great-good In the 1980s, China is increasingly taking on elements of a capitalist economy. According to critics, it is now a mixture of the worst of communism (one-party monopoly and persecution of the opposition) and (Dickensian) capitalism (exploitation of workers).
Czechs or children are forbidden to enter. ČOI reveals discrimination in restaurants
These included, for example, misrepresence of prices and non-compliance with the principles of fairness of sales.
In one case of discrimination, restaurants in Prague refuse to let smaller children into the business. According to the ČOI, he writes on his website that the device is not suitable for children under eight years of age. "When asked by the consumer whether it is possible to order a table for four adults and one child aged four in the restaurant, the restaurant employee replied electronically that they do not accept the presence of children under eight years of age in the restaurant," fröhlich added.
In the second case, another Prague company did not want to let Czech-speaking people at the table, while English-speaking allowed it. "Czech-speaking inspectors, in the position of consumer, were not allowed to sit at the table in the restaurant and place an order. English-speaking consumers were allowed to do this," a spokesman for the ČOI described the situation.
Both cases are now being dealt with in administrative proceedings. As they are not yet finalised, the spokesman for the inspection could not provide further information on the restaurants mentioned.
But discrimination only occurred in a very small portion of the restaurants controlled in the second quarter. In total, the ČOI carried out 139 inspections. In addition to the two cases of discrimination, it has revealed other errors in 64 cases. Most of the time there were shortcomings in compliance with the principles of fairness of sales and non-consumer non-information on the prices of products and services in accordance with the rules.
Already on Wednesday, the inspection reported on cases of discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreigners were charged amounts higher than Czech speaking clients. In these cases, final fines of CZK 60,000 have already been imposed.
On holiday with just a credit card? NEO account offers free atm withdrawals around the world!
According to surveys, about half of all Czechs who go abroad have become accustomed to paying directly by card. The main reasons include convenience, safety, but also the possibility to use travel insurance, which is often linked to a credit card.
Travelers in almost every corner of the world can appreciate the convenience of paying by card. This is especially true in popular tourist destinations, but today credit cards are accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, for example because of work, do not have time to go to exchange offices repeatedly to exchange cash. And even "holidaymakers" don't want to rely on cash to last. Moreover, some foreign currencies do not even have Czech banks or exchange offices. We have therefore solved this with the NEO account so that its users can withdraw cash free of charge from all ATMs, wherever they are," says Kateřina Petko, Director of Marketing and Communications and spokesperson for Expobank CZ.
In addition, a credit card is a much more reliable way not to lose your money than cash. When she loses her full wallet, her owner can't wait for the money he was carrying in it. However, if it loses only its credit card, it can easily block it by phone or via internet banking. Thus, in a quick negotiation, it may not suffer any financial loss at all. "Keeping money in a bank account has other advantages in addition to their reliable protection. For example, for a NEO account, this is interest of 1.6% per year, which is among the highest among current and savings accounts. Its establishment and administration takes place completely online without the need to visit the branch. In addition, the money in the bank account is insured up to EUR 100,000 and the account management is completely free," adds Kateřina Petko.
Travel insurance should be a matter of course for anyone going abroad. Thanks to the possibility to arrange it and pay with an online card, it is possible to do so even at the last minute. However, the ownership of a credit card alone often means insurance protection when travelling. "For example, for embossed MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business cards, travel insurance is an integral part of foreign trips to all countries of the world. Holders of these cards can also insure their family with whom they are travelling. They often miss any further arrangements," adds Kateřina Petko of Expobank CZ. However, it is always advisable to check the scope of the insurance, i.e. whether it applies to all activities that travellers plan to take.
We're looking for motivated immigrants. The head of the children's clinic is built by an international team of doctors, we bring their stories
Albanian Ledjona Toni studied medicine in Czech and today few people know that she is a foreigner.
There are hundreds of medics from abroad who could stay and work here in the Czech Republic. Some of them were attempted by the pediatric clinic in Prague's Motol.
Tara Hussein Tayeb had to get up a lot in order to arrive at motol hospital in Prague at around 5:00 p.m. A Kurdish girl with short hair flew to the Czech Republic from Suleimania, a town in the north-east of Iraq, where she works as a pediatrician in a hospital and still treats small patients in the afternoon as part of a private practice. In addition, he teaches at the university.
Spilková in steam. In Indianapolis, after the first round, he's on the verge of progress.
Golfer Klára Spilková is on the verge of making the final round after the first round of the Tech Championship in Indianapolis. On Thursday, she played two birdies, two bogeys on the LPGA series and finished the opening day in par. With a result of 72, it is on the divided 69. location, which is the expected cut.
The 24-year-old Spilková returned to the circuit a month ago after a two-month medical break and did not make it to the second half of the tournament in Portland. She was rested due to fatigue and exhaustion after a missed illness.
The first Czech winner of a professional tournament on the European series LET is the first year of the LPGA Tour and so far she is not doing very well. Of the 12 tournaments, she has won three times, the best of which was 32. in Hawaii. He's fighting to keep the card for next season.
The tournament in Indianapolis was played best by Korean Hor Mi-chung. After the first round, he has a score of -9 and a two-shot lead over three opponents.
The Prague Stock Exchange grew slightly, with Czech banks, O2 and Avast
The Prague Stock Exchange closed the trading week with modest growth. The PX index rose 0.13 percent to 1,038.45 points. It was dragged up by Czech banks, telecommunications company O2 or technology company Avast. On the contrary, austrian titles and the media company CME failed. It follows from the results of trading on the stock exchange website.
For most of Friday's session, the Prague Stock Exchange traded in slightly positive territory and ended with a small profit. "However, it has lost (the PX index) slightly over one percent in the whole week," said Josef Dudek of Fio Bank.
Domestic banks have partially corrected the declines from the past days. Komerční banka rose 0.82 percent to CZK 803 and Moneta Money Bank rose 0.41 percent to CZK 72.80. Avast shares rose 0.89 percent to CZK 113 and operator O2 added 0.46 percent to CZK 216.50.
Kofala securities grew the most, by 1.38 percent to CZK 294. Less than a percentage was acquired by philip morris, whose shares were priced at CZK 13,640.
The securities of the energy company ČEZ stagnated at a quarterly value of CZK 520.
Three titles were lost - Erste Bank wrote off 0.87 percent at CZK 779.20, CME 0.73 percent to CZK 109 and insurance company VIG 0.40 percent to CZK 618.
The krona weakened slightly against both major currencs. It lost four pennies to the euro at CZK 25.85/EUR, three pennies to the dollar at CZK 23.62/USD. This is based on the data on patria online.
My heart is like a bell and the lungs of a non-smoker. I'm just going to have a few infusions,' joked Zeman.
The head of state underwent a several-hour medical examination at the Central Military Hospital (ÚVN) on Tuesday. According to the director of the hospital Miroslav Zavoral, doctors did not find any "morbid conditions" in the president. The president will celebrate the 75th anniversary of the 1970s on Saturday. Birthday.
Doctors at the president's office revealed slight signs of dehydration during the inspection. His problems with low pressure were caused precisely by insufficient watering. "To correct the dehydration of the organism, I'm going to have a few infusions that get minerals into my body," Zeman said.
Otherwise, according to him, the director of the ÚVN stated that "the Czech state has a healthy president". In this context, the president mentioned that Zavoral received several hate messages because of the health check.
According to the president, the doctors examined him thoroughly and did not miss a single place on his body. "So a brief recap: the heart beats like a bell, the lungs are clean, like it's not a smoker, the liver works like I'm abstinent, the kidneys are fine too, and I can go on and on," Zeman said.
The iDNES.cz's editor contacted the military hospital to comment on Zeman's statement about his health.
The issue of Zeman's health became a topic especially during last year's presidential election or during some public appearances in which Zeman has clear problems with walking. According to Prague Castle, the president is poorly treated because of diabetic polyfunctional neuropathy. He also has problems with low pressure and harder to hear. He cut down on smoking because of his health.
In their study, scientists are looking for toddlers with a birth defect, the so-called "birth defect". valgozitou ankles
Valgozita (sedation) of the ankles is a congenital defect that affects five to ten percent of children. As a standard, it is treated with intense exercise. Scientists are trying to help these children even more, so they have developed special shoes that should significantly speed up the treatment.
"We have two prototypes of shoes that will be worn by healthy children and children diagnosed to map the effect in both groups. Participation in research will not have any risks for children and the measurement will be completely painless," explains Marta Gimunová, head of research at the Faculty of Sports Studies mu.
Parents of both groups of children can report to the study via a website where a registration form and all information are available.
Scientists are looking for fifty children diagnosed and fifty children healthy. Of each group, half will always wear medical shoes and half will not.
"The moment when parents should sign up for their child is when they take the first separate steps, typically starting, for example, the furniture they hold when they try to walk. Participation in the research involves three measurements within seven months of the child's first steps, each lasting about 20 minutes, while half of the participants also include wearing tested shoes," gimunova points out.
Pike in the pond, or a relatively prosperous open-air museum?
Babiš chose statistics such as good security (the Czech Republic is the seventh in the world), low unemployment rate, low national debt. Or the indication that our country is 24th in quality of life from 140 countries evaluated, according to one recent study.
However, developer Dušan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot, in a television interview on the occasion of the Summit of Architecture and Development, also mentioned other, not so much "pink" figures. For example, the Czech Republic is on 154. in the world at the speed of construction steering. This may leave no significant building heritage as it has in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only existing legislation, but also a slow, non-executive bureaucracy. Comparative studies are also documented, in which the Czech Republic lag significantly in the overall quality and performance of public administration beyond developed countries.
So far, our country has simply failed to use the potential of a good economic situation in recent years to invest in the future. While it is nice that salaries and pensions are increasing, people with better living standards will also want to have a place to live, to travel modernly and quickly, to have quality cultural stalls, to live without an intolerable ecological burden.
But in the capital City of Prague, for example, it has been impossible for years to complete the internal and external circuits or build a high-speed railway or metro to the airport. And Prague does not even have a modern, architecturally courageous national library, concert hall, or national gallery. The reason for this is not only absurd tug-of-war about architectural competitions, zoning plans and building permits, but also a kind of specifically Czech conservatism, which adheres to the motto "every bolder change is for the worse".
And while it seems that something bolder might go wrong, it will almost certainly frustrate conservationists or other somewhat entaysed societies, or politicians. President Václav Klaus even wanted to join the excavators in the absurd drama around Jan Kaplický's "blob" designed for the new National Library building.
However, the list does not end with Prague. The Czech Republic is unable to build its backbone motorway network or start building train speed trains, so Germany finally decided to run its super-fast trains from Berlin to Vienna by "detour" through Bavaria. In addition, repairs to existing infrastructure are sometimes drowned in the slendrian. Getting quickly from Prague to Brno is now a puzzle.
Babiš came into politics with a promise to "make things happen." But not much has happened when it comes to meaningful investment and the acceleration of cumbersome bureaucratic procedures. From 2018, while the amendment to the Act on the Acceleration of The Construction of Transport Infrastructure applies, we will have to wait for the wider positive effects of, for example, easier land expropriation. And the new building law, approved by the government, which is said to reduce the current average length of construction proceedings from 5.4 years to one year, will, if we are lucky, come into effect from 2021. I don't think many people would bet on it.
Un combed wants 45 million people from the state
The Ministry of Justice has received six requests so far in this context and is now analysing them, according to a spokesman for vladimír řepka's office. The young man was jailed for two years for assaulting a woman, but the justices eventually acquitted him.
Both The Attorney General Pavel Zeman and The Minister of Justice Marie Benešová did not lodge an appeal in the case.
The attempted murder of a hairdresser in Hořice happened in February 2013. The Hradec Prosecutor's Office indicted him as a 20-year-old student of the grammar school Nečesý. The prosecution alleged that he hit the woman several times in the head with a log and then took more than 10,000 crowns. A seriously injured woman was found by her son, her life was saved by doctors at the Hradec Hospital.
Unsapped from the outset, he denied any wrongdoing. "I'm innocent, and I swear on it. I am sincerely sorry for what happened to the injured, but I am not the perpetrator," the young man, who did not deny that he was at the hairdresser's on a fateful day, said earlier in court. He said he wanted to get a haircut. But he left after his wife told him he was closing. He then turned himself in as a witness to the police.
The hairdresser did not recognize him as the aggressor during the interrogation, but later she identified Unchased as the assailant. According to forensic experts, she suffered memory lapses after the attack.
The Hradec Regional Court gradually handed down five judgments in the case. At first, He twice found Unsauly guilty and imposed 16 years in prison, and the High Court of Appeal reduced his sentence to 13 years. Un combed gradually went to jail twice, but each time he was freed after the Supreme Court intervened. After an ordered exchange of the Judicial Chamber, the judgments were repeatedly exertioned, the last one confirmed by the High Court in March this year.
At the same time, the Chairman of the Board of Appeal, Jiří Lněnička, stated in the grounds of his conclusions that this decision was wrong, but he did not have a better option given the procedural situation. He said the prosecutor's appeal against the acquittal was rejected, even though her appeals were justified.
"The problem with this is not that there is a lack of evidence, but an evaluation of them. We believe that a sufficient amount of evidence has been gathered in the preliminary proceedings to be richly sufficient in another criminal case for the recognition of guilt," said Lněnička.
But the Hradec Králové and Supreme Court looked at the case differently, and their view would probably not change the further annulment of the acquittal.
Epilepsy complicates his love of sports, with surgery gives him new hope
For the first time, Honzíka's parents noticed that something was wrong with him in a year and a half. He always looked into the space for a few minutes, immobilized, and didn't respond to anyone. The pediatrician therefore sent him to the children's neurological clinic, where doctors diagnosed him with epilepsy after a series of examinations and immediately put him on medication, which did not work immediately.
It took almost a year for doctors to find the ideal combination of drugs, thanks to which he completely stopped having seizures. At the age of five, doctors dropped off his medication, and because the seizures didn't come back, his parents thought Honza was healthy and started leading him to sports more. He rode his bike, skied, played tennis and floorball, spent his free time playing games with his sister and friends. But at the age of 11, he had another seizure and it all started all over again.
Doctors again tried various combinations of drugs, but this time nothing worked, seizures in the form of absences were constantly repeated. Because he always stopped to perceive Honza during the attack, his parents were terrified that he would get it during the sport and get hurt, so Honza stopped riding his bike and traded downhill skis for cross-country skis and snowboards. Although the sport caused him a seizure from time to time, he never gave it up completely. He even fulfilled his dream and ran the Spartan Race, but with a friend who kept an eye on him to help in case of emergency.
When Honz was 15 years old, his parents decided to try to change doctors and turned to experts at the Motol Hospital. After a series of examinations, the doctors there concluded that Honza was a candidate for surgery to remove the foci from his brain - the source of epileptic seizures. "I had to have two operations in a row, first the doctors operated into my brain probes to scan his activity, then they could remove my bearing. It's been a hell of a few weeks for me. I just had to lie down and barely move, there were wires sticking out of my head that was connected to the computer," recalls Honza.
The operation succeeded and doctors removed the relatively large deposit. "The first days after the operation it was very mentally demanding, Honza was apathetic, confused, sad and almost not talking. Contrary to how normally he is alive and communicative, it was a terrifying change, but luckily after a few days everything returned to normal," my mother says, adding: "A month and a half after the operation, he had 1 seizure, but according to the doctors it happens. He's been seizure-free for three months since then."
This year, Honza will graduate, in addition to sports, he enjoys languages and has started working with Company E, with whom he travels around schools for discussions about epilepsy. Honza is not fully engaged in sports activities yet, he is starting to return to the sport slowly. "I'm learning how to play sports properly, how to breathe well, so that I don't put my body on sudden stress, which is quite a challenge with my competitive nature," explains Honza.
This year, therefore, they will not be actively participating in the traditional EPPI water triathlon, which meets patients with epilepsy and healthy athletes, and which takes place this weekend 28. September 2019 in the Veselská sandpit. But next year, i hope so.
XXX Lutz can buy a competitor, Kika, the bureau has authorized. There's a catch.
"The Competition Authority authorised, subject to the fulfilment of the structural obligations laid down in favour of maintaining effective competition, the merger of competitors - XLCEE-Holding GmbH, on the one hand, and Kika Nábytek and Lambda Properties Czechia, on the other, ," said Martin Švanda, spokesman for the Office for The Protection of Competition.
XLCEE- Holding, in addition to xxx lutz chain, owns möbelix stores. If it had absorbed the Kika chain, it would have taken up too much of the czech furniture and accessories market. Therefore, part of the purchased company must be sold off.
XLCEE-Holding also buys Kika branches in other countries where the chain operates, namely Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. Even there, the transaction must be authorised by the antitrust authorities. The purchase of 22 foreign branches of the Kika chain from Signa holding was announced by XXX Lutz in May. Signa took over the bankrupt Kiku last year at a symbolic price.
Kika entered the Czech market in 2005 and is the second company after the Swedish company IKEA. Before it was taken over by Austrian company Signa, it belonged to The South African company Steinhoff International Holdings in 2013. She faced problems when she uncovered inconsistencies in her accounts. Kika has nine stores in the Czech Republic.
XXX Lutz has been operating in the Czech Republic since 2010. In addition to IKEA, Sconto, Jysk and Asko-Furniture and Kika, it is one of the largest furniture sellers on the domestic market. The same owner has the Möbelix brand. After taking over kika's foreign branches, XXX Lutz will already operate over 300 department stores in 12 countries. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is 4.4 billion euros (about CZK 114 billion).
The library commemorates the anniversary of the death of Václav IV. exhibition of manuscripts
Six rare historical manuscripts from the turn of the 14th century. and 15. People in Klementinum in Prague can be seen today and Saturday. The National Library has released them from its vaults to commemorate this year's 600th anniversary. Anniversary of Václav's death. This morning, librarians and restorers placed rare originals in display cases in the Mirror Chapel. Admission to the exhibition is free of charge, open on both days from 10:00 to 18:00.
Exhibition of documents called Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the Royal Office and Library of Václav IV. the library together with the National Archives. On the written inheritance from the time of the reign of Václav IV. the National Archives looks at it from the point of view of official documents and the National Library from the point of view of literary works, said its author Jan Vojtíšek.
"Visitors can look forward, for example, to a work about the agriculture of Peter de Crescentiis, which is basically a kind of encyclopedia of agriculture, or to breviář, i.e. the prayer book of one of the Benedictines of St. Peter's Monastery. Jiří at Prague Castle, from the beginning of the 15th century. he said, "the reasons why people should look at the exhibition."
The Episthels of Peter of Blois will also be on display, where the semi-character of King Henry II of England is depicted in the opening mini-set H (enrico). The author of the decoration is most likely the Master of Samson's history, who, in addition to two volumes of the Bible of Václav IV. he also participated in the decoration of a number of other manuscripts. Visitors will also see john wycliff's Latin proceedings from about 1411 to 1414.
From the Library of Václav IV. not a single book has been preserved in the Czech territory. According to experts, this library was one of the largest and most beautiful book collections in Central Europe at the time, because the young king longed to build a representative library to match the book collections of his French relatives. However, the library ceased to exist soon after Václav's death. Apparently, it was robbed or destroyed while the hussite castle was conquered. But several codes were saved. Most of them are now owned by the Austrian National Library.
"We have a number of treasures in our collections and I am glad that they are in a state that allows them to be displayed and made available to the public so-called live and not only in the form of the Manuscriptorium digital library," said Martin Kocanda, director of the National Library.
On the day of the Saturday national holiday, an exhibition called What Lies Under the Floor, which represents the local archaeological discoveries, will also be opened in Clementinum free of charge.
Kristýna Plíšková did not make it to the final, she has missed the second title so far
Plíšková's environment in Tashkent testified, in 2016 she won her first tournament on the WTA circuit and also this year she was very sovereign.
After winning with Paolini, Kawa and Kužmová, she made it to the top four.
But the match with Alison Van Uytvanck didn't go well for Christine. The Belgian kept her serve and broke plíšková's serve twice in the first set. In the second set, Van Uytvanck soon took a 3-0 lead and the turnaround failed to stop Kristina, even though she managed to turn one brejkbol into a double. In the last one, she turned away one sword, but at the other came the end.
Petra Černocká changed her image and did well! In light hair, she rejuvenated
The film Saxana Petra Černocká (69) looks absolutely fantastic for her age. Even though she celebrated her life's anniversary in November, she never looked like a pensioner. And now she's helped it. She changed her image until her colleagues didn't recognize her.
Actress Petra Černocká never looked like a typical grandmother, who would have her hair woven with gray color, wore settled things and entered the company sporadically. She's always looked after herself, and the older she gets, the more she can untie herself in looking at her image.
Fortunately, she did not succumb to the trend of plastic surgery and takes care of the skin with the help of good old indulons. And her anti-wrinkle recipe pays off. But now she's changed her hair color and she's completely out of her mind.
When it came to a social event where celebrities were saying goodbye to summer, no one could recognize Petra. Not only was she wearing lighter and shorter hair, but she was still dressed in a yellow coat that made her shine even more.
Ladies should learn from Saxana how not to underestimate that even on the doorstep of the 70s they can take risks with appearance. And it paid off for Peter, he looks like a maximum of 50.
Traveler Zikmund or General Boček. The Senate handed out commemorative medals
The 96-year-old Boček, who was a British Air Force fighter during World War II, thanked everyone awarded the medals. "The Senate was one of the first to remember and not forget war veterans," he said, among other things. "The award I took today also belongs to my friends who are no longer among us," he added.
In his speech, Kubera warned against the division of society. "Let us not forget our roots, which, whether we want or do not want, unite and shape us. It is from these values that our successful present is based on," Kubera said.
The awards were the cardiologist and most cited Czech scientist Renata Cífková, long-time rector of Tomas Bata University in Zlín Petr Sáha, geologist, writer and explorer and popularizer of science Václav Cílek, president of the Czech Biathlon Association and vice-president of the World Biathlon Union Jiří Hamza and František Paštěka. The upper chamber praised his heroism - he saved the life of his neighbor and his two-year-old granddaughter in January this year when he pulled them out of a burning car. The medals were also awarded to former upper chamber presidents Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch.
Zikmund, together with Jiří Hanzelka, has undertaken a series of travel tours around the world, in which they have collected a number of documentary material. Fištejn was both a commentator and director of radio free europe, and now cooperates with the public media. Steigerwald also works as a playwright and screenwriter, and musician Kocáb was the head of the parliamentary commission overseeing the removal of Soviet troops.
The medal was awarded in advance by astronomer and emeritus head of the United Nations Office for Space Affairs Luboš Perek, in July on the occasion of his 100th birthday. By the end of the year, the Czech native and first secretary of state of the USA Madeleine Albright and british philosopher and political scientist Roger Scruton, who, among other things, participated in the activities of the so-called underground university during the Communist regime in former Czechoslovakia, are to receive the same award.
The application will help equip workshops. For points earned by movement
Equip the wood workshop of hodonín Integrated School with new hand tools. This can now be earned by anyone who downloads the EPP Help move app to their phones.
"With your movement, you collect points, which you will then credit to the account of our project. You don't have to be a race runner or cyclist, points are loaded even if you go to walk a dog or shop, go for a walk or walk to work," said Hodonín School Principal Eva Schmidová. The project was among the most interesting of the huge number of other applications for the ČEZ Foundation. The application will only be active for a month.
