Unusually open and unique picture of Karel Gott in the feature documentary Olga Špátová
This unique film achievement from the Olga Špátová workshop will be premiered in Czech cinemas in the spring of next year.
"In mid-September last year, Ivanka and Karel Gott called me, and they addressed me whether after ten years I would record a document about his life again after ten years. I didn't hesitate a minute! A film with a man who has endured more than half a century on the sunlight of Czech culture thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and immeasurable diligence, was and is a great honour for me. The challenge to film a feature documentary about Karel Gott, who brings joy to three generations of listeners, I accepted as a commitment to this legendary singer," says director Olga Špátová.
The first shooting day thanks to the fast arrangement and agreement took place already on 22 October last year and the last shots with Karel Gott were shot a few days ago. The goal was and is absolutely clear - to capture the authentic Karel Gott as a phenomenal singer who is giving away his supporters, as painters, but at the same time loving husband and father of his children. The man who gives up with his songs the joy of several generations not only with us, but also in Europe, and actually all over the world. The man who enrolled in the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The film should not be a showcase of undisputed fame of Karel Gott and his achievements. "Therefore, it is not possible to compare my previous film The Gott Phenomenon with this current. Everyone is different. At least the fact that we filmed them in a different life stage of Karel Gott, very manifested in his personal, up to an intimate confession provided by us and who confirmed us all in what the legend we have the opportunity to work and spend time, which is indeed indescribable," adds Olga Špátová.
The creators captured Karel Gott during his performances, during meetings with his fans in the Czech Republic and Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, in the cottage in Český Switzerland, on the village where he spent his childhood, and in other places that played an important role in his life. Thanks to the sincere openness of Karel Gott, the film will be completely authentic and unique.
"Olga has a great gift to shoot with his narrow team so that we often left the spontaneous atmosphere and naturally let it into our privacy, thanks to which I talked about topics quite confidential. With her husband, cameraman Jan Malíř, she actually became part of our family. Originally we wanted to mention the film in 2019, when I celebrated my life jubilee. But because I experienced a beautiful summer with my family, I wanted to rotate as long as possible. Well, and because I was a lot in 2019, my wish was to put in cinemas in the spring of next year. This documentary is thanks to my supporters and all who supported me during my profession and accompanied me," Karel Gott himself says.
Insect is up to sixty times less than 40 years ago
No other animal class is represented in nature more than insects. Beetles, butterflies and other species form more than half of life on Earth. But the message is approaching, according to which insect empire is radically diminishing. Another scientific study on this topic was published this week and the situation is still much more serious than humanity has not yet realized.
The study is based on the field research in the tropical forest on Puerto Rico, during which American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As he writes in the introduction of the message, insect is in the rainforest "deset times to sixty times less". It is a decline in the whole population, i.e. not a number of species, while research concerned not only insects, but all members. Due to the extinction of insects, the population of another fauna is also thinning, which is dependent on insect food chain, such as birds, frogs or lizards.
The authors of the research give their conclusions in direct connection with climate change. The average air temperature in the rainforest according to them over the past thirty years by two degrees Celsius and warming has become the driving force of the collapse of the food chain. According to the author's team, the study shows that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems can be much larger than expected.
The report was published on Monday, a large article in Washington Post, a new finding served in the title as hyperalarming. "It's one of the most disturbing articles I've ever read," said David Wagner from the University of Connecticut, whose leaf quotes as an independent expert.
Insect extinction also applies to Europe. "With us, the decline is also the order," says Lukáš Čížek from the Entomological Institute of the Academy of Sciences. According to him, in addition to climate change, it is necessary to take into account the changes in the landscape that play a substantial role in Europe. "With us only runs significantly longer than on Puerto Rico," adds Čížek to explained why in the rainforest compared to the 1970s, scientists could measure such a rapid decline.
Czechs in Europe Ondřej Houska: Did Czechoslovakia refuse to refuse the Munich Agreement in 1938 and go to war with Germany? Three times NO
The undated film captures Adolf Hitler when visiting the Czechoslovak border fortification. The task of the fortress has never been the German army to stop, but slow down its procedure before it involves Allies.
If almost exactly 81 years ago Czechoslovakia rejected the Munich agreement and subsequently would face the German attack, what would it knock out of the fight of the most Czechoslovak soldiers? German tanks, air force, or perhaps artillery? Perhaps it would not be even one of these weapons, even though the Germans had an overwhelming superiority in them. The Czechoslovak army would probably suffer the greatest losses - due to blisters.
Chairman of police trade unions Štěpánek resigned, wants to live as a free person
Chairman of the Independent Trade Union Milan Štěpánek decided to leave the office. He stated this on Friday Czech Radio - Radiožurnál. Štěpánek has led the trade unions since 2005. The chairman of the trade unions will be two months. For police and after leaving the front of the Union remains.
"I can confirm that this week I handed over my written resignation, after which I will perform the function fully for two months," said Štěpánek Radiožurnál. "I decided as a free man who doesn't want to be attached to the trade union forever. And who wants to live a quieter life," said the reasons for leaving.
The independent trade union of the Police of the Czech Republic brings together members and employees of security choirs or employees of the Ministry of the Interior. Among other things, the Union participated in police protests against cuts in the budget or petition for better conditions for security churches. He also received for example in 2011 to a dispute with the then Minister of Interior Radek John and organized a petition for his withdrawal. The management of the government coalition was later agreed on John's departure.
The museum in Semily with the exhibition returns to the Velvet Revolution
Imitation of the normalization room with TV, in which footage runs from the brutal intervention of police officers against students from 17 November 1989 in Prague. Even this is the new exhibition of the museum in Semily, which deals with the Velvet Revolution. "The basis is to present what happened in Semily after the events on Národní třída," said the curator of the exhibition Tomáš Chvátal.
"I would say that the atmosphere was the same everywhere in the base, with the fact that in Semily the first demonstration was on 22 November, and then every day they gradually packed other people," he said. The most active one was from the beginning a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matìk, who was the only one of the city and the nearest surroundings signed Charter 77, and the spouses Dědeček, who expanded the petition Several sentences. The Civic Forum was also created relatively quickly according to Chvátala. "One specifics is that there was a very strong group of local doctors in the Civic Forum," curator said.
In the then events in the city, visitors should pull about 50 photographs, the images 30 years ago Karel Bárta bought. The video from the general strike of 27 November 1989 was also preserved by František Tomíček, which will be released in the loop throughout the exhibition. Ivan Hlas also spoke at the demonstration and sang. The Semilian archive was lent to the exhibition by a number of preserved Transparents. "There were: Let's not leave the roll, From the trough to the trough, we don't want violence," Chvátal said. Some changes in the city were then very fast, for example, in December people in the omnipotent voting decided that the square would be Riegrovo and cancelled the previous name Gottwaldovo.
The exhibition also captures events before November events. "In the first part we present commemorative and students what was before, such a late normalization. I think we have managed to gather unique documents from Semil, whether they are banners with different communist slogans or bronze plate from the museum of the workers' movement," Chvátal said. One room has a feeling of how it could look in the living room of an ordinary household.
The last part of the exhibition is dedicated to what was after the Velvet Revolution. Focused is on the first free choice. "We met one room of electoral posters. Who has experienced it, so he recalls the posters With us to Europe or there Václav Klaus is still under the title OF with a beautiful motto Everyone for his municipality," curator added.
Whatever the fans are positive, Hašek wishes. Sparta awaits a trough in Pilsen
"We will play on the border of possibilities, we will do everything in our power to succeed. In order to manage the game room and the final," Martin Hašek promised to club TV.
In the week of goal he decided the cup duel in Jihlava (2:1). Sparta advanced to the next round, which was a duty for her. She relieved her, but the game room continues to be troubled.
Although the season slowly flows into the second third, the football Sparta is still looking for a face that the coach Václav Jílek spoke about his engagement.
"But it's still Sparta, which has high-quality players. A complex match awaits us," Roman Procházka warns.
When the spartans arrived in Štruncovy sady last time, in mid-May it was a clear matter in the superstructure. Guests left for a breathless performance with a picking of 0:4, the largest in the history of the independent Czech league.
While the difference between clubs in the eight-point table was in front of the match, now Sparta loses after ten games of the new season already nine points. It is experiencing one of the worst inputs to the season at all.
"It's not a simple situation even for us, even for fans who would like to see their beloved club completely elsewhere than it is currently," he feels Hašek. "But we would be glad if they were going to support us, they stayed positive and stood behind us."
Sparta does not know if the Tetteha will be able to use the Tetteha in Pilsen, which he received from the exclusion in Pilsen a two-match penalty, but on Friday he appealed against him.
At numerous marods remain Costa, Dočkal, Drchal, Panák, Pulkrab, Zahustel, Krejčí and Kadlec, who as the only cadre remembers the last spartan victory in Pilsen from 2011.
The home, who, including the Wednesday's Cup in Hlučín won the last five games, should only meet the tabernacle Čermák. And as a captain, the defenseman Jakub Brabec should lead them into the game, Spartan's offspring.
Download free Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on PC, time you have to Thursday
Link to both games is on Epic Store here. You can include the games in your library directly through the web, but to play it is necessary to download the client Epic Games Launcher. Time you have until 3 October.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original game from 2010, adds graphic and gameplay changes from the continuation of Last Light.
The story on the motifs of the book Dmitry Glukhovský takes place in 2033 in Russia after the nuclear war. The earth's surface is as we know it, no longer exists. Humanity had to resort under the ground, in our case into extensive complexes of Moscow metro.
"Take the post-apocalyptic world and distressing atmosphere from an unknown environment, take on the vastness of the world and add a lot of spectacular scripts and action passages and traditional: Metro 2033 is in the world," we wrote on Bonuswebu in a period review.
Everything is on the other hand a relaxing game-play in the procedurally generated world, which bears the message of the English writer and philosopher Alan Wattse. The player can become anything from animals through trees to the planet.
To view the video, you must have JavaScript support enabled.
"A terrifying result of the study." Islam does not belong to the West, thinks the vast majority of Austrians
There were 1200 respondents, the survey shows considerable distrust to Islam in the Austrian society.
Almost 60 percent of Austria's population fears that some Muslims are terrorists, and 48 percent would require the introduction of a ban on mosques construction. For greater monitoring of the centre of Islam is 80 percent of respondents.
Most Austrians also want Muslims to be restricted in their religious practices, and claim that because of the presence of Muslims sometimes feels in their own country as foreigners.
"The result of the study is terrifying," says Wolfgang Aschauer, author of the study, adding: "Such tendency to ethnocentris could lead to acceptance of discriminatory attitudes in time. The threat that religious freedoms, admitted to Muslims will be narrowed."
For believers, the critical attitude is less significant. Aschauer claims that in Austria it is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. The help of dampening polarization could be dialogue and education according to sociologist.
According to a study, the most hostile attitudes towards Muslims hold extreme right, people without higher education or seniors over 75 years of age. The most attractive are the voters of the Green, people under 30 years of age and university students.
According to the estimates of the Austrian Ministry of the Interior, it lives in Austria, which has about 8.7 million inhabitants, approximately 700 thousand Muslims. Most of them have Turkish roots. In the country there are more than 400 Muslim prayers and mosques and Islam is officially recognized as religion since 1912.
Thomas Cook: Bohemia threw out in Mallorca from the hotel. Guarantee was not enough
The proposal for insolvency of the week also submitted Austrian, German and Polish division of the group. The future of the Czech branch is negotiating in the present, it should be decided by the end of September.
According to the Vice-President of the Association of Travel Agents of the Czech Republic Jan Papeže, three variants of possible solutions are in the game - the liquidation, or the company is sold, or the team from the Czech branch will establish a new travel agency. "Which of them will be, but cannot be predicted, it will depend on the German owner," he told the Czech Press Agency today.
In addition to two prematurely terminated tours, CK also solves cases where clients had to pay the stay from their own, although the company tries to provide the hoteliers with a guarantee. CK promised to pay payments to its clients, according to the Pope, the company has sufficient securing.
Problems in hotels were created mainly in Mallorca, where the company asked for help and the Czech consulate. In this context, the Pope described one of the cases where the local hotel threw out all tourists of the office. "The hotelier failed to determine who belongs under the German and who under the Czech society. The hotel therefore threw out all even though the domestic Neckermann provided a guarantee," he said. According to Šrámek, the situation was finally solved.
The Czech branch of the bankrupt British group Thomas Cook increased its sales to CZK 995 million last year, almost 21 percent more year on year, resulting from the annual report of the company. It includes the accounting period from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. On the contrary, net profit of the company decreased by roughly seven million to CZK 15.3 million. From previous years, however, the company remained unpaid loss almost 103 million crowns. The branch includes two basic divisions - next to CK Neckermann it is still Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump considers that he cancels the registration of Chinese shares in the USA
The US President Donald Trump's office considers that Chinese companies will cancel permission to trading on stock markets in the United States. The Reuters agency told this today the informed source. Such a step would be a radical escalation of business tension between the US and China. The shares of the companies concerned on the stock exchange in New York immediately headed down after the report and downloaded the whole market with them.
Downloading shares would be part of a wider effort to limit American investment in China, added a source. This was confirmed by Bloomberg, which promptly sparked shock on the financial markets shortly before. The shares of Chinese companies Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduodo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI have lost from two to four percent.
According to government data from February, Nasdaq and NYSE are trading shares 156 Chinese companies on the American stock exchanges. There are also at least 11 state enterprises among them.
The Bloomberg agency pointed out that the exact mechanism has not yet been prepared, which would ensure the withdrawal of Chinese companies from American stock exchanges. Any plan would have to approve Trump, who, however, gave negotiations on this green matter.
China and the USA have been leading together for more than a year of trade war, within which they impose customs duties on each other. The dispute of both countries has negative impacts on the world economy and provokes fears of the recession of the global economy. Washington is trying to get Beijing to change business practices and to reduce Chinese surplus in the US trading.
According to the CNBC server, business negotiations between the US and China should be renewed on 10 October. Its aim is to end the trade war.
Police accused the manager of CzechTourism Aleš Pangha because of contracts for promotion
Police accused former manager of the state agency CzechTourism Aleš Pangha because of contracts for promotion. Pangitor of the server ListNews confirmed that the accusation took over this week. Czech Television (ČT) stated last year that police officers examined contracts worth CZK 38 million in the case. According to the police, part of the money returned back to Pangra, writes the server. In the case, criminalists were also interested in the Minister for Regional Development Klára Dostálová (for ANO), whose Ministry of Finance falls. The investigation in the case according to the server continues.
Detective from the National Headquarters against organized crime provided evidence in this case in the second half of last November. For example, they were at the headquarters of the Ministry for Regional Development, at the headquarters of CzechTourism, on the autodrome in Most or in the agency Sport Invest. The service computer also carried out from the apartment Minister. In the court order to the home tour at Dostál, who previously quoted the Czech Television, it was that the Minister decided in 2016, when Deputy, on the expenditure of CzechTourism in favour of the chosen persons, intermediate and outside the standard official procedure. She declared that she feels absolutely innocent, undoubted, everything can document and fully cooperate with the police.
According to the agency it was a mistake of an individual. The media previously stated that it was a former director of the regional partnership department in CzechTourism Aleš Pangha, who was dismissed due to the results of the audit. It resulted from the fact that the CzechTourism agency concluded 48 problematic contracts.
"Yes, they accused me. But I don't want to express myself more," said Pangrác of the North List of Messages.
Vandal damaged the cemetery in Dobrušce
According to the announcement, which the police received, it was supposed to occur in the middle between the 13th and 17th o'clock in the scattering meadow within the Ore cemetery.
"The material shame was calculated at CZK 60,000. Police are asking for any witnesses to the event to communicate their knowledge personally to the service or telephone on the free line 158," police spokesperson Lucie Konečná said.
Criminalists investigate the case as damage to foreign things and rioting, for which it threatens to three years of prison penalty.
From the religious school in Nigeria liberated hundreds of enslaved children
According to the BBC station there were almost five hundred men and boys, Reuters agency with appeal to the police commissioner stated that there were over three hundred children from five years above. Some were bound by chains to each other, others were attached to iron circles in the wall.
The head of the police in Kaduně Ali Džanga said BBC that raids at school were carried out on the basis of giving. The school called the house horror. He starved people there were held by violence, tortured and sexually abused. They could not leave, over the walls was a razor wire. According to him, it is the case of slavery.
Several people were detained during the raid, according to the police spokesperson Jakub Saboa was a local teacher.
The children said to the police that their parents or relatives were doing them to school with the fact that it was a religious school. "We identified two children who come from Burkina Faso, but most of them brought parents from Nigerian states in the north," Sabo spokesperson said to the identity of the victims. Nigerian states in the north of the country are mostly Muslim.
The school of Imam Ahmada bin Hanbala was published for a religious school focused on the study of the Qur'an.
Liberation was transported to the stadium, where they are provided assistance and food. Some have already encountered relatives.
The French cook is judged with Michelin because of the removal of the star. I suffer depressions, claims
The famous French chef Marc Veyrat came this January by the third Michelin star, a year after he won it. With the publisher of the red guide he intends to judge to receive the exact reasons for degradation. Veyrat also doubts the competences of michelin inspectors, who, according to him, confused saffron with cheddar. The first court overpayment is to take place in November.
The chef of the famous restaurant La Maison de Bois in the Alpine region Horní Savojsko came in January of this year by one of the three michelin stars. With the publisher of the prestigious Le Guide Michelin guide, it will be judged because the conclusion of commissioners was not properly justified. In addition, the stars took place without any notice. "Six months I suffer from depression. How do you dare to play with health chefs?" He reported Veyrat Commissioners.
Michelin said to have provided the chefs only vague reasons, such as that the chef put into the sfiled cheddar, which the inspection did not like. "I gave him a saffron and those gentlemen thought it was a cheddar because it was yellow. Since the beginning with love I have been working with the mammalian ingredients," he has objected to the decision of Veyrat. He is convinced of strong incompetence of michelin commissioners: "You are scammers who only induce disputes from commercial reasons." The indignant Veyrat does not understand "how could they afford to say that we put into our saint cheddar". "They also paid our region, my employees were crazy about it. We have eggs from our hens, milk from our own cows, gardeners collect fresh herbs every morning," he spilled.
A distinctive chef, always with a black hat on the head and dark glasses, is an opponent of the new generation of michelin commissioners, and therefore asks for the elimination of its restaurant from the red guide. However, the publisher rejects this. "If the company remains open and our inspectors will choose it again, we will continue to recommend it," says Gwendal Poullennec, International Director of Michelin.
According to Michelin, he testifies to the chef's action that he has no meaningful accusation yet and the lawyer will only help him formulate him. "We regret that Mr. Veyrat communicates with us grossly. However, we carefully examine his comments," he said.
In addition to La Maison de Bois owns Marc Veyart another two three-star restaurants.
Technically perfect confusion with weak scenario. Middle Ages with Willem Smithem Criticism Thickstorm
Dystopická sci-fi spectacle The Middle Ages (Gemini Man) boasts an interesting premise - Will Smith will build its younger version in the film. According to critics, however, the story is the weakest part of the film. The film looks at Czech cinemas on 10 October.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is in her field utter tip. They kill efficiently and without unnecessary questions. One day, however, he decides to hang a career on the nail. Of course, it does not like his employers who send another killer to Henry. The hook is that the killer himself is Henry, more precisely his younger clone created from DNA. Can one determined person win the fight itself? This time literally.
A certain guarantee of quality was to be three times the Oscar holder Ang Lee. It is his first science fiction, but with dramatic action films he has extensive experience, as he demonstrated, for example, in the aforementioned Tygra and dragon or western ride with the devil. Six screenwriters collaborated on the scenario. The most famous thing is David Benioff, one of the creators of the successful games about the throne. According to the first responses, however, all this is not enough for a good film.
"Although Ang Lee strives for great things in the technical filmmaker, the film itself does not have enough character to highlight it," Fionnuala Hannigan says from Screen Daily.
"This unsatisfactory film is less than a summary of all talents involved in it. The weak scenario and plot hold together only the technological magic of filmmakers," said Stephen Dalton from The Hollywood Reporter magazine.
"Blíženec is a case in which a huge amount of work resulted in an incredibly undefeated action film," the reviewer does not hide the Variety Peter Deburge reviewer.
"The confused product arising with a bizarre idea," the film summarized in its Ella Kempová review from the IndiaWire website.
"It's hard to be interested in the fact that there is one man of a twin second when one does not behave like a man," Nicholas Barber wrote from The Wrap.
Overview of bank accounts for children on the Czech market
Children's accounts provide free of charge. However, it is necessary to consider the offer because some other services for accounts are already charged. "The motivation of banks to offer accounts for children whose basic leadership is free is straightforward. Financial houses are counted on the fact that they will return their forgiven fees once. During the small migration of the Czechs between banks, it is probably not mistaken," says Kristýna Kuncová from dTest.
"Small accounts" by it can be almost everything that accounts for adults. The child gets his own credit card, he can enter payments, follow the movements in the account, somewhere he has his own electronic banking. Although Banks set up an account, but it is on parents to teach children to treat them and to control their payment.
" flexibly flexibly parent can set weekly or monthly limits, switch on and off individual services and the like. But above all, it can monitor what is happening in the account, whether by looking over the internet, or thanks to the information SMS. Beware, you no longer have to be free," adds Kuncová and adds: "If the parent is thinking about an account for his child, he should consider his abilities and options."
Stricter, but fair, hours enjoy us! So he sees the benešovské gymnazists of his favorite cantor writer
Humanism should be present in every good book, is convinced by Pavel Hoza. The secondary school teacher of Czech and history is also a poet, prose writer and a builder of literary life in a small town.
The lyrics of Pavel Hozy will go in mind Bohuslav Reynek. His poetry, his paintings. Holé trees, white rural building, trembling grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old paths and people who have been going for centuries. Climbing, kneeling, blessing. This Reynka's contemporary continuator teaches at the grammar school in Benešov Czech, literature and history, in the local Café on the word it operates a similar period of Prague Viola and annually organizes the Benešovský literary festival.
Replacing wives: The parents of Ondru cruelly abused! He finished in the Institute
It was about nerves. The alleged son Ondřej (9) was allegedly punished by his father every moment. "He came from school and wrapped up a snack. Luke looked at me and said he would kneel for punishment," described Lucie in Leim. Dad Lukáš forced a small Ondru kneeling in the corner for several hours! Besides the cameras, he said he had to suffer like a wooden mat for the massage of the feet! "Ondřej came to me after the filming and told me - aunt, I'm doing those trouble and notes just to be here, because I want to go to the institute," described Lucie the moment when she fully understood what was happening at the door of the garson. And the wishes of the boys finally filled...
His state was so serious that the family was taken away after shooting and placed on a month to the Centre for Educational Care in České Budějovice. He returned to his father and spare mother Aneta (28) but then wandered to the diagnostic institute for problematic children. "When I came home, the Aneta immediately added me to Facebook, we wrote a while. I was most interested if we got money. I almost did not respond to it at all. But then she wrote to me that little was in the institute that then they returned him, now it is in the diagnosis. They are both two without work," says mother Lucie from Pilsen.
Of course, the Lightning approached the other side, but he only got a vague answer. "I don't have a mood, I'm sick, call later," Aneta excused and hung the phone.
Sparta does not want to come in Pilsen by Tetteha. She appealed against a double-match punishment
The football Sparta appealed against the two-match penalty for the attacker Benjamin Tetteha, who received the player from the disciplinary committee for exclusion in Sunday's derby with Slavia (0:3).
The Letenský club informed about it on its twitter and is now waiting for the verdict of the appeal committee.
Half of the penalty was already in the middle game of the domestic cup in Jihlava. Sparta now strives for the twenty-two-year-old ghanan attacker could start in Sunday's step of the 11th round of the first league in Pilsen.
The situation could repeat from last October. At that time Olomouc appealed against the penalty for Simon Falt, who received a distance from the disciplinary committee to one game for exclusion against Liberec on Thursday.
The appeal committee did not manage to discuss, so the effectiveness of the penalty postponed and Falta could start on Saturday, paradoxically against Sparta.
In the next week, the Commission was a single-match penalty for the Olomouc midfielder confirmed and Falta missed the following duel with Zlín.
Disciplinarium Tettehovi stopped the activity behind the foul on the fame of David Hovor, for which he received a straight red card from the judge Miroslav Zelinka in 82.
The alleged spitting of the Ghanský player on the captain of the opponent Tomáš Souček has not been shown.
The germans chose to the head of the football Union Kellera
As expected, the new chairman of the German Football Union became the previous head of the Bundeslig Freiburg Fritz Keller. The two-seat-year-old winemaker, gastronom and hotelier was elected unanimously for three years, he did not have a candidate.
The Keller was replaced by Reinhard Grindel, who resigned in April due to the affair with the unconfessed income. His other predecessors Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach will go back before the court due to the possible payment during the allocation of the World Championships in 2006.
Keller said one of the main goals will return the association of confidence and bring him out of the crisis. "There will be no One Man Show, many people will bear responsibility. The Union is better than its reputation," Keller said, who introduced all his tasks under the motto: We can together.
After the election to the head of the Keller Union, the function in Freiburg left.
In the underground of the CSA mine in Karviná burned, nobody was injured
In the underground of theolu ČSA in Karviná it burned down this morning. The cause of fire is not yet known. Nobody was injured at him, he told the Czech Press Agency the spokesperson of the mining company Ivo Čelechovský.
The fire broke out at 04:25 in the porch at a depth of about 1200 meters. "Nothing of employees has happened, nobody has been injured. On the spot immediately interfered with the Bánské rescuers who destroyed the fire by direct intervention and carried out the investigation of the terrain. The workplace was immediately closed and inaccessible," said the spokesperson. The exact cause of the fire will now find out a special committee.
In the former Ostrava-Karvin district, coal is already mined only in the carvival part, in the mines of CSA, Lazy, Darkov, ČSM-Sever and ČSM-Jih. In Lazy, the mining should end this year, the gradual attenuation is waiting for other mines. OKD mining company is the only producer of black coal in the Czech Republic, its last year's production was 4.62 million tonnes. He works in mines at 9000 people.
Berlin responds to the pressure of the public and solves the housing crisis. From private company to buy 6000 flats
Berlin will buy from the private Luxembourg company ADO Properties SA for EUR 920 million (23.8 billion CZK) 6000 former social apartments that sold the city 15 years ago. It reacts to the pressure of the public, which storms against missile rents of rents. According to the Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher for the Levice (Die Linke) party, it is the largest such buyout in the history of the capital city of Germany. The opposition is criticized.
"The intention is to maintain a stable rents in Berlin and to give tenants certainty," the Berlin Mayor Michael Müller (SPD) said in the statement. "At the same time, we will continue to build new flats and treat the freezing of leases legally," he said. The municipal company Gewobag with thousands of flats located in Spandau and Reinickendorf districts in the western part of the city will take over this December.
According to Jefferies Thomas Rothäusler's analyst, the city bought too expensive. Bloomberg Rothäusler said that according to his estimation of the housing unit it was overwhelmed by roughly ten percent above their accounting value.
According to the German opposition party, the liberals (FDP) of the Berlin authorities contribute to the speculations with real estate. FDP stated on Friday on twitter. During the "wasting of money" a step marked the protest party Alternative for Germany (AfD).
Already in July, Gewobag won the 670 flats in Berlin's Karl-Marx-Allee street, recalled Der Spiegel on his website. The award was not published by the council. The dispute about apartments on the former exhibition class from the times of the GDR accompanied protests and fulfilled the front pages of the German press. He became a symbol of the difficult situation of tenants in large German cities, wrote a letter.
The German metropolis used to be famous for its low life and low rents. In recent years, however, she has gained attractiveness. According to AFP, the prices of rents have doubled over the past ten years and some residents are so difficult to find available housing.
Nokia suits the Brno company due to the name Lokia. People will not confuse us, they believe the Moravians
Nokia filed objections to the application of Lokia to the Industrial Property Office. According to CCV, however, the confusion of products is not likely.
The Brno company evolves CCV software from the Finnish manufacturer of Nokia telecommunications equipment. Finns do not like the program of the Brno company for warehouse management called Lokia WMS, wrote the daily E15. Nokia therefore filed objections to the application brand Lokia to the Industrial Property Office. CCV judges that the confusion is not likely.
Marketing director Petr Ondrášek said the program has been using two dozens of customers on the market since last September.
"The Nokia brand enjoys recognition and confidence worldwide. When someone tries to register a sign we believe can lead to confusion or weakening of our brand, we take steps to protect our valuable assets," said Nokie Mark Durrant.
Brno developers claim that they did not think about the brand famous in the past by mobile phones in the creation of a warehouse program. The designation of Lokia according to CCV is based on the Latin name for one kind of dragon, whose rapid movement is to be an analogy of the movement of composers after the warehouse.
"The possibility of confusion is not likely on the Czech market. We sell a modern cloud software that companies equipped with their warehouse operations, and we really do not believe in the production of mobile phones. And we don't stand for a comparison to the gates that the train may be running in its field," the CCV manager Tomáš Kormaňák responded in E15.
CCV asked for the brand protection even in August before the programme on the market at the Industrial Property Office. "The protection asked for products and services belonging to class 9, 35 and 42, because the software belongs to class 9, related business management services in the warehouse belong to class 35 and the development of computer software into class 42 according to international classification," said Ondrášek.
The Nokie objection is based on the fact that the older Nokia trademark is valid in all classes of products and services, thus applying to the widest possible spectrum of products and services, and therefore it is of course also overlapped in classes 9, 35 and 42. "CCV does not question the claiming, if it is a consensus on these classes of products and services. It is actually a completely different brand focused on other target groups," Ondrášek said.
The brand dispute may take months according to E15 and the company can complicate the activity.
From Sydney to London for four hours? In 2030 possible reality
Sabre combines a classic aircraft engine with missile. It is designed that the airplane drive twice at a higher speed than the Concordy flew. "When the Sabre engine is put into operation, it could allow us to fly to Australia for about four hours," Turnock said. And for example, the distance between London and New Yorek would be able to offend the plane for one hour.
The Independent server notes that so-called hypersonic flights, in which the five times exceed the sound speed, are complicated because of the engine overheating. With this problem, however, Sabre (Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) should deal with the use of super cold helium that should prevent temperature climb.
"The most important thing in Sabre is that it is a hybrid rocket and aircraft engine that is driven by the current of exhaust gases created from the air," says Shaun Driscoll from Reaction Engines. "Rakets have not undergone such great development over the past 70 years, while those aircraft yes. So when you combine the engines, you can have a very light and efficient drive system and basically create a space plane," added.
The engine is currently testing, while testing flights should start roughly in the middle of next year. Commercial flights around 2030.
Kovosvit sells administrative building and other halls. Expects worse times
Due to the restructuring, Kovosvit ended up with a consolidated loss of CZK 100 million last year, a consolidated turnover was 1.3 billion. The main last year's problems ranks Kuchař lack of workers and shifts of subcontractors. This year demand for machine tools decreased, 10 to 20 percent year on year. "This is related to the expected decline in turnover by ten percent," said the CEO. In 2017, Kovosvit had revenues of CZK 1.3 billion and profit after tax of 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit now offers for sale several properties, halls and land, which either does not use or only at least. It concerns even the administrative buildings, where from five floors it uses two, and not quite. "The long-term restructuring plan is to slimen Kovosvit, to streamline its activities. The sale of property is not part of some current solution, such as cash-flow, but part of the long-term plan, when we want to pay all resources to investment development," said CEO.
Roughly half of the production of Kovosvit exports. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia last year to a lesser extent Asia. This year, Kuchař ranks among the most interesting India, where Kovosvit acquired a contract for machines allowing five-axis machining worth CZK 100 million. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines for CZK 30 million to China. "The negotiated is another order in the same volume, which we would like to meet until the end of the year," said Kuchař. In the Russian market and elsewhere, Kovosvit struggles with restrictions due to penalties.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centres to France, a company that is subcontractor of Airbus. This May she gave her another machine, one more should deliver at the end of the year or crash in 2020.
This year's corporate investment was the transition of heating from steam to hotwater in CZK 20 million. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average working wage is 28 500 crowns. The company is looking for grinders castings for foundry, machining, turning and electricians.
The company owns its own since September 2016 and armaments Jaroslav Strnad. The company has a tradition in the production of machine tools. In 1939 Tomáš Baťa founded it. The company had its time up to three thousand employees.
Milan Jakubů: The funeral has an army of stolen for himself! He says Andor Šándor
Around the funeral of the brigadier general Milan Jakubů still dominates ambiguities. The media of the week speculated that the army of the last farewell to the deputy director of the Military intelligence planned despite the wishes of the family bombastic, as only the soldiers can. The discrepancies were also dominated by the funeral date. The spokesperson for the Ministry of Defence Jan Pejšek denied it.
"It's nonsense! We are in contact with the family from the beginning, valid from the beginning of the arranged Friday's funeral term, nobody changed it. As well as the military honours. We will only be able to solve any media participation with respect to the family," Pejšek said in the middle of Blesko. The funeral will eventually take place really on Friday and will not miss all military honours, including flight fighters.
Around the last farewell to the popular general, however, there is also a tense atmosphere. The funeral ceremony is made from the decision of the organizers not to participate in people who worked with general in the past!
These include, for example, the former head of the military intelligence Andor Šándora (62), who met Milan Jakub's 17 years ago. Šándor remembers the former colleague as a hardworking, intelligent and "good guy".
In addition, in recent years he has been regularly looking at the celebrations of the anniversary of the founding of the Military Intelligence. That is why they would like to say goodbye to Milan Jakub. "I personally would go to the funeral of Milan James," said Blesko Šándor. But he cannot.
"I know about other people from the organization who would like to go, but they have bad luck because they have the nursery funeral for themselves. I think that this privatize the funeral is not correct," said the security expert. He does not even allegedly play the considered closure of the ceremony for the public because of the secret of military peaks.
"The performance of the army is not secret and the leaders of the military news also do not, because they are needed to be promoted to Prague Castle, we see them there. If the media information is true and the family really left the army, it is of course a thing of the family. I personally would never admit that the army rolled over the family and its wishes," Šándor concluded.
Milan Jakubů died on Saturday near Spindleruv Mlyn during an accident. The front clash Milanova Rapidu with Fordem Mustang allegedly caused the driver of the dispute Vojtěch Ch. (31).
Amateur competitor in the turn was supposed to enter the opposite direction, Milan Jakubů probably had no chance to prevent the clash. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in an accident and it is possible that the consequences will be reached by the end of life. Police culminated in an accident on Thursday.
Comment of Jan Šindelář: Drive paths as a company
The heavenly election, although apparently it was not quite smooth, is the completion of the sad story of the inability of the state to give the dragons a clear direction. The Board of Directors is incomplete for over a year and even after Wednesday evening it does not change, because one of the members resigned. The provisional takes.
The selection procedure itself has been a fracture since the beginning because the requirements for candidates were significantly mitigated in the field of practice. Compared to the selection last year, the requirements for the size of the company were mined, in which the candidate had to operate in the past. First, members of the selection committee and then the Supervisory Board played only the role of pimprlat.
She probably submitted the weakest professional biography from five finalists, yet without practice from a large company broke the experienced borce from the management of logistics giants and transport companies. The participation of interesting managers from the private sector was probably the brightest side (and the greatest hope) of the whole process. Today they know that they played only the role of epic backdrops in the political game.
Perhaps the Heavenly Heaven will surprise, manifesting great talents and finally turns out to be the best boss of the drama of all time. At least in the beginning, however, it will be accompanied by the aftertaste of the political transformer. ČD does not expect a light period, they must cope with the competition in the liberalization of the market and lack of employees in operation. The engine driver, shift and mechanics are missing. What should be motivated to further work and respect for management when the state behaves in the top leadership as an elephant in porcelain?
The second important group is creditors. As you play at the head of the dear, we will see next year in spring, when the tracks will defend the rating. Certainly, creditors perceive the instability. The sad thing is that someone else is running to defend the rating of Moody's every year. The Agency did not escape frequent changes in the management of expensive and political influence on the company, criticized them this summer.
The ANO movement bends, among other things, the password that the state needs to be governed as a company. For the beginning, it would be enough if one large state company managed as a company and not as a state. Czech Railways still belong to the largest companies in the country and it would be good if they were doing the best. They repaired, but the state despised them. Certainly it can be argued that the post at the head of the path was always a political matter. Then we can forgive the jugglers with a selection procedure.
Two wrapped female tape and drowned in the river, the bag found children
The case took place at the end of July in the village around Valašské Klobouk. The seventh-four-year-old woman brought home a donated dog of an old one to two years, which she wanted to take care of. He did not like her ten years older partner that it was a female, so he decided to get rid of her.
"The animal wrapped the adhesive tape and the rope and significantly eliminated its voice expression. He saved the dog into a jute bag that he undertook. Then the beast took the animal together to the river, where they threw him in the bag. At the moment when the dog threw into the water, the dog demonstrably lived," the Zlín police spokesperson Monika Kozumplíková said.
The following day they found children who played by the river, on the shore of the jute bag. When they opened it, they appeared inside the body of the dead dog. They called for a woman who walked around, and fled. The woman announced the event on the emergency call line police 158.
"Policists have found out thanks to the knowledge of the inhabitants of the town who is probably the perpetrator of this incredible act. And they were not mistaken. The man and woman confessed to the crime and described how the event took place," police spokesperson said.
Professional statements from the field of veterinary medicine confirmed that the dog died clearly tormented in a way due to the suppression when the animal suffered in the order of a few minutes before the death.
"The behavior of the perpetrators undoubtedly points to a clear intention with the animal at any cost to get rid of this rejection in a convenient way, although the dog could donate or sell. The Commissioner of Criminal Police from Zlín accused a couple of committing a crime of abuse of animals committed in co-operation. Both still unrestricted accusations could spend up to three years in the case of condemnation," Kozumplíková said.
Thank you for your dance! The singer Leonard Cohen will come out after the last album
The album Thank you for the dance (Thanks for the Dance) will contain the unreleased material and various musical cooperation that put together singers' son. The album will be released on 22 November.
In October 2016, the album You Want it Darker was released, where Cohen collaborated with his son Adam. He asked him to help him complete the individual songs. The intimate recording is symbolically balancing with the approaching death. He died a month after the release of the album at the age of 82.
Seven months after Adam Cohen began to work on materials that remained after his father. He invited a number of musicians to collaborate - at the Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mase or the singer Becka.
"When we invented music for father's words, we used his own characteristic musical procedures. So it is still with us," Adam Cohen told the album. "I am most amazed about the reactions of those who have heard him. One after the other they say Leonard still lives," he added.
The first swallows of the album is the short song The Goal (Finish). "I'm almost alive, I'm almost at home," Cohen sings his characteristic honey voice. He sang about death, he suspected that the release of a new material would not live. He also admitted it in an interview with The New Yorker a month before death. "I'm ready to die. I hope it will not be too unpleasant," he said.
In September 2018 Adam Cohen published a collection of poetry of his father called The Flame. Czech will be released under the name Plamen 31 December at the Argo publishing house.
The first miss Christ finally went to himself: She threw a few kilos and immediately broke through
The first modern miss from 1989 Ivana Christová (49) had long years problems with overweight, which caused her not only physical problems, but mainly those psychological. She suffered from the fact that she changed a lot from the time of Miss Czechoslovakia. Now it seems that you have taken the reproach to your heart and with excess kits went to fight. Although it is running on a long track.
The first-class beautifull, which also conquered Paris. But since then, thirty years have passed and Ivana Christová can only remember the beauty competition. Not only because of glory, but also because of how skinny it was.
Over time, she decided not to subordinate herself to strict modeling rules, which she ordered her to be as small as possible and often did not eat. She decided to stop listening and began to indulge in what the taste has.
But from the smoothness switched to overeating, which immediately signed on its character. In addition, Kila tried to disguise various free clothes, but he still added to the size.
Now it looks like Ivana went to himself. Visibly lost, began to dress tastefully and properly to his fuller character.
All the present surprised at the baptism of the book Miloš Zapletala (75), that again she broke and already has the back features of a charming brunette, which in 1989 entered history not only as the first winner Miss after the revolution, but also by what controversy her victory sparked.
Christ will be the first winner of the beauty, but also the very first, at which viewers in the Palace of Culture and Sport in Ostrava sanded as the senses of getting rid of when they deployed a crown.
"Parodie na justice." Scientist warned against cancer from pollution, sitting in Turkish base
Sik, together with other scientists, participated in the study of the entered Turkish Ministry of Health between 2011 and 2015. Its conclusion was that water pollution, soil and food in some industrial areas in the west of the country are related to increased incidence of cancer in locals.
Scientists mentioned the industrial zone Dilovasi, which lies about 80 kilometers from Istanbul, and where a number of chemical and metallurgical plants are based. People living in its surroundings suffer from cancer far more often than international average.
Erdogan is avenged behind the puck, international criticism despite
Sikovi seemed not to accept any measures in terms of the clear conclusions of the study. He wrote on research several articles into the opposition daily Cumhuriyet. The authorities subsequently began to prosecute it for betrayal of secret information.
"The study clearly demonstrated to what extent water resources were contaminated by toxic substances," Sik said after handing out the judgement of journalists. "The court's decision shows that the results of the studies directly relate to public health may be silenced. This is unacceptable," he said.
"Turkish authorities would instead persecute people who are in the alarm through courts, had this significant problem for public health to investigate," said Andrew Gardner from the Turkish branch of AI.
The environmental and human rights organization has long accused the Turkish government that despite the rapid development of industry in certain regions, environmental protection regulations do not enforce environmental protection.
After the thwarted coup from 2016 the President Recep Tayyip and Erdogan started a large wave of arrest. For bars, almost 80,000 people are now, including a number of Cumhuriyet employees. The authorities also built outside the service or completely permeated 150,000 state employees and members of the armed forces.
The opposition and organization of human rights protection accuse the government that the attempt to make puck uses to persecute their opponents. However, the authorities defend themselves by the fact that it is necessary to ensure national security.
The fastest man of the planet missed the tests. I don't take anything, it prevents
Traditionally, a very monitored fight for the fastest man of the planet will be at the World Cup chasing at the advocate of silver Christian Coleman. The twenty-three-year-old American is 9.81 seconds in the world of world tables and this year only once lost. His start at the top of the season was, however, threatened due to the case with missed doping tests.
The American antidoping agency (USADA) concluded its case at the beginning of September without raising the accusation due to formal reasons. Although Coleman did not cooperate last year and this year, but not during 12 months. His first guilt is the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) date back to 1 April 2018, i.e. at the beginning of the second quarter, however, the test itself omitted until 6 June. And because the third omission occurred on 29 April 2019, Coleman did not commit the guilt in the form of three un performed inspections within 12 months.
Coleman defended himself that he only forgot to update the data in the application of the place of residence of athletes. "I don't take drugs, I don't even take anything legal. A lot of athletes use legal creatine or protein powder or various other supplements for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I'm working hard and it's about it," said he before the start of the World Championship.
The only defeat of six this year's start of the hundreds suffered immediately at the entrance to the season when Diamant League in Shanghai, where it was just six thousand seconds surpassed the countryman Noah Lyles. He used Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League finals, but only a two hundred will run at the World Championships.
The paper is the second fastest competitor with a power of 9.86 twenty-two-year-old Nigerijec Divine Odudura, but who has succeeded only in American university competitions.
Defend the title will already be a thirty-four-year-old American Justin Gatlin, who missed 9.87. The last hundred in Zagreb, but only for 10.29, because he slightly injured the rear thigh muscle.
South African Akani Simbine, a triple Olympic medalist from Ria Andre de Grasse or European champion Zharnel Hughes, also belong to the favourites circle. The fastest Jamaican is a 996 world champion from 2011 Yohan Blake.
The male hundred will start on Friday by pre-treatment and start. Semifinals and finals are on the program on Saturday. The medal will run at 21:15 SELČ.
Fall of aircraft at Žinkova in Pilsen: Two people did not survive
Two people travelled on the plane, a man (†63) and a woman (†38). "The aircraft in half past nine in the evening asked for permission to land at Chaloupky airport near Klatov," police spokesperson Dana Ladmanová said. It was also the last record, at that time according to the GPS coordinates located at Vojovice near Žinkov.
However, it did not fly on the klatovy airport. After the lost aircraft, which sent an emergency signal, immediately began to search. "He joined the police and military helicopter," police spokesperson Martina Korandová said. The happy end did not have the search action.
In the forest near Petrovice near Měčna, which is about six kilometers from the place where the plane lasts, it noticed a debris of the helicopter in front of the ninth time. "We have found an airplane and two bodies without signs of life," Korandová confirmed.
The crashed machine remained partially wedged in the branches of trees, the pieces fell on the ground around. "We will find the cause of an accident in cooperation with expert experts and employees of the Institute for Professional Determination of the causes of air accidents," said Korandová.
Civilization in a borrowed time
Recently I remembered the beautiful "high" from one of the great stories of Šimka with Grossmann taking place partly in the cemetery, which sounds like this: "I drew it to the fact that it is breaking well, but on a foreign grave!" It occurred to me that many world politicians are now behaving in a senseless struggle against climate change.
They behave as if people ruled on the planet Earth. In fact, we are only a laughing on its surface, which she can with her foolish forces to blow as a steep breath of wind flame candle. Perhaps few of them look at the famous British and American natural science documents dealing with the destructive abilities of our blue ball. After all, it would be enough for some of the larger active volcanoes to be properly "discovered" and our advanced civilization is burning.
And that it will happen in the near future, it is highly likely. In the opinion of the leading volcanologists, many large volcanoes have "charged and removed" (e.g. Katla in Iceland).
It would be ideal in a way if it had to happen to the eruption if it had to happen as soon as possible. Before they are completely unnecessarily thrown out of dollars of dollars on measures aimed at reducing carbon dioxide production, because any properly angry volcano, together with dust and poisonous volcanic gases, can release at least a hundred times more than at the expense of Europe's population.
It is therefore not meaningful to restrict the production of CO2. In addition, it was scientifically proven that during its significantly higher proportion in the air, plants form more biological masses and are also more resistant to dryness. For mankind, it is much more favourable to warm up than a quick return of ice time.
If we are aware of the impact of sun cycles on the Earth's climate, we have to only come to a single sensible conclusion: Let's try to keep the Earth hard as possible and the other changes with which we cannot measure the power with the least possible costs!
Fix of the Krkonoše Museum will have a year delay
The administration of the Krkonoše National Park (KRNAP) has shifted the deadline for bids to the second tender for the repair of the Krkonoše Museum in Vrchlabí for three weeks. The original date of opening the envelope was 20 September, said the spokesperson for the national park Radek Drahný. The reason for shifting the deadline for submitting bids is to reduce the budget from CZK 110 million to CZK 83 million.
"We are currently working with prices that are on the market. There has been a change in the budget, it is a price we expect will be offered. If someone submits an offer that will be acceptable, the work will start as it will be possible," said Drahný.
Compared to the original plans, the museum's repair has a year of delay. KRNAP wanted to have a selected supplier of construction part until the end of last year and this spring to start with construction works. According to the management of the national park management, 123 million crowns are not threatened for the project.
KRNAP is unable to choose the construction company for repairing the museum. The second competition announced this summer, because in the previous tender all the offers of companies significantly exceeded the expected price of 65 million. Offers exceeded CZK 100 million.
The museum, located in the former Augustinian monastery and belongs to KRNAP, is closed from autumn 2017. The selected company should ensure the construction part of the project. The total costs, including the construction of a new exhibition, are estimated at CZK 210 million. Until the end of the year 2021, the visitor centre of KRNAP should arise from the above-mentioned building.
The repaired museum with a new interactive exposition, which should be the story of nature and people settled in the mountains and build on the successful exhibition Kámen and life, should serve for visitors as a representative gateway to the Giant Mountains. The visitor centre should provide the most understandable form of information about the past and the present of the Giant Mountains and motivate people to discover the mountains and their protection. It should also take over the role of the traditional museum. The centre will also offer possibilities for organizing concerts, festivals, theatre performances or open air lectures. In the plans is the construction of a new entry into the building, the emergence of a research room or cafeteria.
Toyota hydrogen still believes, prepares the second generation of Mirai car
Toyota Mirai never had to be just a kind of concept. Toyota thought so seriously that although in the world practically did not exist a infrastructure on the pumping of hydrogen, yet put it in the offer. So not to a completely standard, the customer had to really go after this car, but nobody else offered such a variant.
The head of Toyota Takeshi Uchiyamada at the international hydrogen conference confirmed that next year a new generation will come. Toyota still believes that these cars have the future and up to ten years will be balanced by hybrids. Of course, it is connected with the development of petrol networks. However, the future is associated with hydrogen as well as electricity.
The conference often has been a word hydrogen with the needs of ecological operation not personal cars, but on the contrary large tractors, ships, trains, etc. Just those means of transport that need to overcome one of the long-distance refankment. This purely cordless version cannot offer. Toyota could find a new sales point thanks to great experience and long development.
It remains to recall that as well as Toyota believes the hydrogen drive and Hyundai, which now offers the hydrogen crossover Nexo.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right shade of lipstick: Not only one red
When choosing a red lipstick, you should first determine whether you are warm or cold type. Try a simple test - see the veins on the wrist. If they are into the blue, you are a cold type if in the cabbage, then you belong to the types of warm. When selecting a new red lipstick, put on the shift on the basis of the undertones. Only in the next look at the texture.
If you are sorting with cold undertones, then you are suitable lipsticks for violet, plum, cherry or moon color.
If you fall into the category of warm skin undertones, choose such lipsticks. You will recognize them according to the fact that they are drawn to orange, coral, gold or brown glare.
You may happen that some veins look green and other blue. In this case, congratulate - you do not need to look at the undertones and you can concentrate only on your color preferences.
Purpose slander? Ústí zoo shaping a new veterinarian, nobody is interested
Last end of this month. The city management attributes it to I slander, which has evolved around the former director of the zoo and at the same time the veterinarian Václav Poživil, that he purposefully killed exotic animals, which he took care of. For example, it was a female of rhinoceros Zambu, elephant Kalu or orangutana Ňuňák.
The City Council therefore announced a new contract. "At veterinary care for the zoological garden with the expected value of CZK 3.5 million excluding VAT and for the city centre for animals in need with the expected value of fulfilment of CZK 2,8 million excluding VAT," said the city spokesperson Roman Macová.
Deputy Mayor Věra Nechybová (UFO) explained that the city thus announces the competition for veterinary services for the third time. "Doctor Fire had the unfounded suspicion to explain. I consider it an unhappy dehonestation such a quality expert," she remarked.
According to her, experts specialised in exotic animals are very few. "It is definitely nothing pleasant. The zoo is yet ensured by veterinary care in the form of orders," she said. Orders and the contract costs the same money. "However, the garden must comply with the public procurement law," Nikola Roštejnská explained the spokesperson.
Václav Poživil himself is one of the recognized experts. For example, he participated in a unique operation, during which the Ústí gepardice Jane got the first gepard in the world of total endoprothesis. He performed the director of the zoo director from 2009 to 2012. Anonymous slander did not comment on his person in any way. Yesterday he did not accept phone calls or did not respond to SMS text messages.
What the contracts for the zoological garden concern, some of the immortalists mean that in zero interest it may not necessarily be worried about similar purpose accusations, as in its case, but simply small awareness. For example, the Ústí nad Labem veterinarian Jiří Král did not hear about it yet. "I hear it for the first time from you. Nobody literally refused us. Such a thing, I think, will expand quickly," he said.
On the D line will see new metro architect, it brings experience from London underground
The Prague Transport Company has selected an architect who will supervise the form of the metropolitan metro. Anna Švarc, her primary task will be the appearance of a new line D, but in charge of the existing stations. According to her, it is not only possible to look at the metro as a transport construction, the travel of the underground should also bring an aesthetic experience.
For example, the Czech architect who participated in the reconstruction of three stations of the London metro, won the tender announced by the Prague transport company (DPP).
In addition to her, Tendra attended another 14 applicants. "The selection procedure was a motivational letter and CV. Apparently decided my previous practice from London, where I created a kind of aesthetic manual for the local metro in the team of three people," says the new metro architect. According to her, she could also decide her practice from the Institute of Planning and Development of the Capital City of Prague.
The metro does not perceive only as a traffic fuknation building. The station should also have an aesthetic value.
"The ideas about how the metro will change, how the space will improve, I have. However, as it will take place, I will learn only in the following weeks until the transport company will dedicate me to my ideas," says Švarc.
"It is not a dogmat series, but rather a recommendation aimed at keeping the context of all stations if they are reconstructed," the design of the manual says.
Whether it is a similar tool and a way to improve public space in the Prague metro, it is a question. The Prague metro is specific. "Well, if the manual is ideal, or whether it can cover some personality, I really don't know," concludes Švarc.
Former French President Chiraca buried on Monday, public remembrance will be on Sunday
The funeral of the former French President Jacques Chiraca, who died on Thursday at 86 years of age, will take place on Monday night at the Paris Cemetery Montparnasse. They inform the French media with appeal to the Chirac family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to say goodbye to the former head of the state on Sunday afternoon during the remembrance in the Invalidovna in Paris, where the Chirac's coffin will be exhibited with the Chirac remains, announced the Elysejský Palace.
According to AFP, crowds of people flows into the presidential residence from Thursday evening to sign the condolence book. It will be possible until Sunday. On Monday, President Emmanuel Macron declared state sadness.
In the meantime, other reactions to the death of the former mayor of Paris and the President from 1995 to 2007, whose Prime Minister Édouard Philippe called "French in the true sense of the word" are among the world and France.
Chiraca recalled, for example, the Japanese, because the politician was known for his love for their country and sports sum. The report on the death of the former French president appeared on the front pages of all Japanese diaries, including those sports, notes French press.
Museum of tribal art on the Paris class Quai Branly, which Chirac founded, will not be in honor of the former head of state ten days to choose admission.
Opening the Pumpkin World has delayed the ripening of pumpkin
Nová Ves u Leštiny (Havlíčkobrodsko) - The farmhouse in the New Vsi near Leštiny in Havlíčkobrodsk has opened the Pumpkin World for more than a month. Decorated from thousands of freshly harvested veneers dominated in the garden of a massive orange pyramid. Autumn events, which becomes a tradition, this year begins a week later, because pumpkins on the surrounding seven hectares of the field of family Pipkovy longer ripened. There are still a lot of them in the field, Jaroslav Pipková told the Czech Press Agency today.
Pipka cultivates many kinds of pumpkin, but the last two years did not wish them weather. This year's harvest was delayed and some species did not come out. "Orange pumpkin at Halloween is usually enough as usual, but some species for fajnšmekry" were not successful," Pipková said. Nevertheless, the farm can be selected from multiple species, from the aforementioned large pumpkin suitable even to carving and weakening decorations through the pumpkin for cooking hooker or elongated "spaget" after ornamental sticks of different colors and shapes.
Growing pumpkin is laborious. Farmers manually circulate plants and reap their fruits, cut off scissors from the pumpkin stem. Pumpkin World Pipka has been opening regularly since 2010, past years attracted thousands of people. The decoration of pumpkin supplement attractions from straw or maze from the handle. Visitors will also see animals kept on the farm. Open daily until 3 November.
The event details are on the farm's website where growers also offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, such as pumpkin muffins or juice. On the other possibilities of the pumpkin treatment in the kitchen they call them visitors themselves. "A lot of chef has tried his recipes, so we'll be inspired," Pipková said. She pointed out that some housekeeper also handle the kyselo as cucumber.
The adherent flat rate is planned by the Ministry since 2021. Nothing changes in tax
MF prepares an amendment to the Income Tax Act, according to which the employee would receive money directly. According to MF and a quarter of employees, it will thus achieve a quarter of employees, i.e. about a million people who do not receive meal vouchers yet.
According to the Chairman of the Association of Vouchers, David Rýce, a number of small companies who do not have cantine or meal vouchers, their employees provide meals, such as importing food or agreement with restaurants.
"The essence of the intention is that we do not change anything to the tax advantage. It will also not pay health and social insurance," Schillerová said on Friday. It added that the boundaries for the maximum contribution of the employer to apply as a discount on tax would remain.
Income tax law allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the price of the meal vouchers. The remaining part of the paid employees, in some cases is also covered by the employer, but already without a tax discount. The most advantageous value of meal vouchers for employees and employers is 123 CZK this year.
Přindiš, Prskavec and Fišerová safely advanced to the semifinals of MS
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec and the canoeist Tereza Fišerová quickly advanced to the semifinals of the World Water slalom in Seu d'Urgell. Přindiš was fourth in Friday's qualification, Prskavec's fifth and Fišer eighth. Another three Czech representatives will strive for semifinal start in Spain in the afternoon remedial qualification ride.
From the strong representative group of kayakers failed Vavřinec Hradilek, who immediately at the beginning of the ride got fifty-second penalization for incorrect passing the goal. On the contrary, Přindiš and Prskavc can already relax and concentrate on Sunday's semifinals.
"I started to ride the target to ride the first ride to thirty, which I managed. Not that I wouldn't care how I fell, because on Sunday it starts a lot early in the morning, so I hoped that I would be a bit higher to have a better starting position," said Přindiš and praised the well-being in Seu. "Before the race of patrols I felt the worst in 14 days, what we are here. Then during the race it was good and today again better. The whole time is beautiful here, nice races, spectators came, so nice," laughed.
Prskavec was also satisfied. "In the qualification, a person does not want to make an unnecessary mistake. In the first goals it was not possible for me. Then I drove the center excellently, without any problems and I knew I was supposed to drive, so the second mistake came when I wanted to go directly and turned my erection. Overall, I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, we will see how it will go on," said this year's overall winner of the World Cup.
Both representatives praised that on Sunday they would go to the start at the end of the semifinal block. "I'm not a morning bird, there's a cold in the morning, and when you're on the eighth, it wants to have a jacket and a sweatshirt," said Přindiš. "Total lasts an hour and a half semifinals, which is quite a good difference in terms of sleep," said Prskavec.
Fišerová, Eva Říhová finished two places for the progressive twenty, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35. "I came to the upper part according to my liking, it seemed to me in the middle passage that I did not manage and I did not go according to the plan, but I managed to get to the comfortable track I wanted to go. I made two juices and I'm just behind the winner clean time. I have a good starting position to the semifinals," Fišerová praised.
Coal retreats gas and core. Renewable resources are not covered by the demand, says the boss of European ExxonMobil
Renewable resources will not be enough for the Czech Republic to meet future demand for energy. Due to inappropriate climate, wind and solar power plants must be supplemented with other alternatives, such as those using natural gas.
In an interview for HN, Philippe Ducom, President of the European branch of ExxonMobil, claims to this, one of the largest global oil miners. At the same time, it mentions that a large repository in which it would be possible to store unused energy from the days when the sun and wind is enough are still too expensive.
Ducom visited the ExxonMobil center in Prague, in which 1200 people work and whose task is to support business activities of the company and to ensure logistics and other services needed for the functioning of the company.
Declaration of the end of the right in the lower house or Jakápak "right" coalition ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
In the media and comments, there have recently been reports on the upcoming coalition of the aforementioned parties. Many look that the "right" finally put together, but I rather ask why these sides are still called right-wing.
When the new Trikolora movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a real right-wing party. And it is absolutely doesn't matter how the entities themselves call themselves or what designation of the parrot mainstream media. The ODS is on its average of top politicians of this party hardly the centre, TOP 09 is clearly aside the city pseudoliberate left (which is ashamed of its leftistness and thus hypocritically referred to as conservative or even right-wing). STAN is a party that has basically merges (the reason of its existence is simply not clear to me). And the KDU even stickes itself for a long time as a centre - but their political compass is much more left than they themselves say.
Do you feel like I took all one water clean? Not, I am based on the real political steps of these parties. If I consider myself a classically liberal right-wing voter, the highest value of the freedom of an individual is for me, the free market and the minimum interventions of the state into the life of individuals and the economy. How do this general assumption of right-handed parties fill? How many laws on the freedoms of people's salami method, increasing taxes confirming new regulation and growing supervision, increasing link to the socialist EU or supporting environmental and gender insanity have supported in recent years? A lot, really a lot. Not your own stickers, but the actions identify them. These parties, through all kinds of declarations or partial concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And it has nothing to do with right-wing.
The coalition cooperation of TOP 09, STAN and KDU would not be surprised at all, on the political map it simply belongs to each other and except for Christian or homosexualist and gender aspects in them for voters in the sense of the influence of the state on their lives basically I do not see an obvious difference. However, the ODS has long rendered itself as "the only right-wing" and by joining these three entities unconcealedly reveals its real political classification.
By the way, when I briefly mentioned those stickers. Have you noticed how often all these parties are completely identical and lacquered by criticism of conductors and socialism coming from the European Union as pro-Russian agents? Can't or just do not want to understand that there are many people who will not take the eurosocialism and growing non-freedom as strongly as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Do they not hide their utter argumentation inability and unjustified or blind adoration of Eurounni conditions?
In short, it is possible that there is no longer different in the Czech Republic than the centre policy of more success. Perhaps such connecting voters really want. Perhaps they want a left-hand policy under the casing "right" because they are ashamed of their political conviction (or they can't identify him). I don't know. But I definitely do not belong to such voters.
Unclear death of the girl (†8) at Příbram: Viníka is not waiting for the penalty
In clarified cases, it is called "help" in criminal slang. But they are also investigating if new information appears after years. Especially when it comes to the death of the child. Criminalist Jiří Markovič was able to investigate the murder of two girls in the Prokopský Valley in Prague for 12 years. " Case from 1955? It will be hard, very hard. It would like to find a file for the beginning, no longer exist, talk to those who investigated it. Hope is always, but it would be really hard," says Markovič.
In the previous regime, the public did not inform too much about violent crimes, but according to Markovic it does not mean that laxx would be investigated. "It always depends on specific people," the criminal thinks. The problem can be that materials from the 1950s can be destroyed, although unclosed cases should not be shredded.
Father Lucie Bílá did not really talk to her. You don't believe what to feed on!
Whoever does not know that the national treasure Lucie Bílá (53) is the original profession of the embankment and his own name Hana Zaňáková, probably lives in the Czech Republic. But the singer herself has now revealed that she has almost worked in the glassworks!
Lucie Bílá knew from a relatively early age that she wanted to be a singer. Love was born with her when she performed as a small girl in a cultural house in her native Otvovice, where the singer still lives.
"And I remember exactly where my mother was sitting. At that time the singer was born in me," she admitted for the radio Impulse.
But her father feared a bit about the future of her daughter and recommended her to set out on the way of craft, which has a golden bottom.
"Dad always said: 'The glass of the girl, the craft. Walk your feet on the ground!' He even persuaded me if I don't want to go to the local glassworks. The glassworks no longer work, I am quite right. I am taught by my seamstress and I am doing a different rosary and pendants at home, which then draws on auctions and for money I buy wheelchair," laughs.
The launch of a new myth threatened is not, reports Kremlík. In the game, however, the change is the operator
The Ministry of Transport started preparing a new tender for the operation of a new toll system on Friday. It is a backup plan that would take advantage of the fact that the current toll contract would be able to abolish. In addition, the state also prepares another provisional solution if the tender did not manage to complete it in time. On Facebook, Minister of Transport Vladimír Kremlík (for ANO) said this.
The Office for the Protection of Competition (ÚOHS) forbade the performance of the toll contract between the state and the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium with an annual delay. The Ministry will give the decomposition against this.
"Starting a new system of choosing myth threatened is not. Starting today, we are launching the preparation of a new transparent procurement procedure, the subject of which will be the services of the operation of a new toll system, which is now completing the CzechToll and SkyToll consortium," said the Minister.
The state would be looking for the operator at present in the tender, which will be launched from this December. It would not be a competition for a completely new toll system, as it was at the last tender, nor about the use of the old system, which now operates Kapsch.
According to Kremlin, the Ministry is also preparing for the fact that a new tendency would not be able to prepare in time. "Based on the previous experience with the course of my toll tender, I am deeply convinced that the Office is wrong and that in the time of 12 months it is not objectively prepared and implemented such complex procurement procedure and pass on the operation of the toll system to a new operator," he said.
In addition to the new procurement procedure, the resort will also prepare a provisional solution that would resolve the toll collection after a transitional period until the state found a full-fledged form of solution.
The state apparently does not use the offer that the current administrator of the Maps of Kapsch submitted to him in recent days. The Austrian company of the state offered the operation of the existing system for the case if the toll contract was abolished.
The crem also repeated that they believe that the backup plan will not be needed. The Ministry therefore submits a decomposition against the decision of the antimonopoly office.
The Office on Thursday issued a decision in which he forbade the performance of the toll contract. However, the prohibition begins to apply to a year after the legal power of the Office's decision. This is not the competent and can be decomposed against the chairman of the office. The Ministry and CzechToll therefore continue to prepare a new myth, which should be started in December.
Last year's tender for a new toll system and its operator won the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium. It succeeded in a toll tender offering CZK 10.75 billion for ten years of operation. The current operator Kapsch protested against the course of the tender and validity of the toll contract, which failed to offer over CZK 13 billion in the competition.
I still see myself as a boy who is just looking for, says Jan Cina
"It was a big school for all who did it. I fell in love with the African dance. As I have something Romani in myself after my dad, it was completely enchanted by me," said Jan Cina, who is considered to be a musical actor.
Much fresh memories than the series First step has on the role of shooting in a new film National class. Cina revealed that director Štěpán Altrichter had to tempt him very much. "The work was demanding, but the result is worth it. The film was created a year ago. Heavy and honestly, but at the same time fun. It revolved at Národní třída, where I was driving a car as a non-driver. It was also a lot to revolve in the South Town in Prague," said the Czech-German co-production film.
Although he is nominated for the Thalia Award for the role in the production of the Little Prince, he does not consider it to the top of his career. "I don't feel like this. I still see myself as a boy who is just looking for. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I see the peak far in front of me," he revealed with the fact that he did not think about the thanksgiving speech in the case of victory. "Not yet, but as a child, when I listened to the radio discussion shows, I always imagined how I speak to the people."
Jan Cina has been living with his colleague Petr Vančura for thirteen years. What is his recipe for a satisfied relationship? "Have one another likes and perceived the problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," revealed and remembered the award of Czech lions when his friend fell on the stairs.
"Yes, it really happened. He had a new slippery shoes and a red carpet was also slippery. So he did not last long and lay on the ground. He was able to prefer from it. He had a workshop Vančurovy stairs, where he taught how safe to fall from the stairs at VIP events."
Děčín zoo rejoices in a small macaka
"Our gang comprises seven members. Her youngest member came to the world on 17 August, she gave birth to the female Buffy and is her fifth young man, father is male Hitam. The first days after the birth wore a female of a puppy pressed to the body and long so did not want to show the world if she gave birth to male or female. However, in three weeks of age of youth, however, it began to postpone it for a little while and caregivers know for a few days that it is a male," the spokesperson of the zoo Alena Houšková said with the fact that the Děčín zoo successfully bred 12 cubs of this kind.
Makak chocholates are so-called endemic of the island of Sulawesi, that is, elsewhere in the world in the wild than they live. A typical feature is the black coat and disease on the head, according to which the name has. Makak chocholatism lives in rainforests, especially in lower altitudes.
Like most primates, the living is plant and animal food. In the diet they prevail very significantly fruits of forest trees, which complement the flowers and leaves. The need for protein solves by eating small members, lavav and to a lesser extent even bird eggs and cubs.
"If we help the natural enemies, which are the regions, everything else has enrolled in their drill again. The locals hunt macaques as a popular prey with tasty meat and fur. The fateful is for these animals and burning and felling the rainforest," said the spokesperson.
Germany reports the first case of the infection of the West-Hungarian fever from the mosquito in its territory. It is related to climate change
In addition to the Westiles fever, the mosquitoes can also transfer malaria.
Germany announced the first case on Friday when a person infected himself with a Westiles fever on the German territory after splitting an infected mosquito. DPA reported about it. Until now, all patients have infected themselves with the virus when travelling or contact with sick animals. According to experts, the breakthrough case of infection is related to climate change.
The Robert Kocha Institute said the virus was infected with a seventy-year-old man from Saxony. The disease had a serious course in it and for the inflammation of the brain he treated in the hospital in Leipzig. Now it is healthy.
The virus of the Westil fever was first shown in 1937 in Uganda. Meanwhile, it has spread to large parts of Africa, Asia and Europe and in the 1990s and the United States. His carriers are mainly birds and also mosquitoes who are infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state companies have newly broke through the selection procedure. The law will be possible to circumvent, claims the opposition
"This is a typical bill that is unnecessary," said the chairman of the ODS member club Zbyněk Stanjura.
After several unsuccessful attempts to the Chamber of Deputies, the Chamber of Deputies approved the changes to prevent opaque distribution of functions - critics talk about transformer - in state companies. The applicants should now go through a tender for the Ministry and will also assess the government committee for personnel nominations.
However, it is a compromise solution that, for example, does not like the ODS, because it allegedly allows ministers to excuse themselves that in case of a bad selection of state managers, the selection committee may be a selection committee. Moreover, the opinion of the Committee for the Minister will not be binding. The novelty must still be approved by the Senate and signed by President Miloš Zeman.
Přerov: Driver crashed near the village of Kokory: He died cursed in his Fabia
The tragic traffic accident occurred on Friday on a flat section between Přerov and Kokory. The 28-year-old chauffeur fabie did not manage the river and went out of the road. The car flipped on the roof and on it remained cursed. The patient did not survive injuries.
"According to the initial information found on the spot, a passenger vehicle driving in the direction of Kokory was transferred outside the communication, where it flipped over the roof and the driver remained cursed under the vehicle," said the police spokesperson Miluše Zajícová for news.cz.
And where are the spectators? Doha can not be London
At the same time, however, he is a step back, because he pilgrimages to Doha's athletics voluntarily and consciously renounced the thrilling atmosphere, reigning on the sold out stadium in London 2017 and last year on the European Championship in Berlin.
A giant banners on the walls of skyscrapers in Doha invite to the "largest sports event of 2019". However, fears as dignified will be her scenery, grow.
"Tickets for the goal are sold out on all evenings," the organizers said.
But it is too little.
The upper gallery of the Chalífa stadium with a total capacity of 40 thousand spectators is already covered with colorful sails, on which the flags 209 participating countries are displayed. Athletics went in Qatar on the territory where it has no roots recessed in spite of the annual meeting of the Diamond League.
We do not wonder that last week it was sold for ten days of the Championships together only 50 thousand tickets, although their price started at 60 catara rials, i.e. in the conversion to less than 400 crowns.
The organizers now set out for the goal to fill the unconcerned parts of the tribun at least half. Therefore, according to the sources of the British Giuardian, allegedly (although the organizers deny it) give free tickets to migrants who work here as workers, and also children. Which Sebastian Coe, the head of the athletic association IAAF, can comment on it positively: "That's how we can inspire the next generation."
The rich Qatar in the past won the world championships in handball and cycling, after athletics comes in 2022 to a number of football. The financial offers of oil superpower will always be lucrative for the rich sports federation. Such is the reality of today's sports world.
But although we come to it and miss the absence of fans at the stadium, we do not prevent purely sports sighing that the experiment with the first outdoor championship of athletes on the Arabian Peninsula had the leaders of IAAF to tim better - and for another year. Extremely late term, forced by climate, takes the whole scheme of the season in the pre-Olympic year and thus the preparation for the key season of the Olympic, which would normally start in October.
Perhaps this Katar will replace at least technological novelties with which he promises ultramodern and attractive championship. That is just 37 degrees? Already now the area of the stadium is artificially air-conditioned on twenty-four. And advanced cameras, built directly in blocks, also have a TV viewers in detail, what takes place in athletes in the setters of a second before the shot of the starter and just after it.
Sparta is really charged this year, recognizes the Hradec Bek Nedomlel
In its case, the increased motivation is more than understandable. Hradecký hockey defenseman Richard Nedomlel will go in Friday's game against the club, where he recently worked. Former Spartan, however, is convinced that it will also be his teammates, although the jersey of the Prague club never dressed.
"For Sparta, everyone wants to pull himself out," says the castle bek before the match of the 5th extraliga round.
Hradec Králové will try to stretch its series of wins, which currently comprises three three-point winnings in a row. After Kladno, Pilsen came on Sunday the fans of the most acclaimed, Mountfield went to neighbouring Pardubice.
"But we can't look at the matches they were. We need to focus on the game that awaits us now, and play in them as well, if not better," the Hradec defenseman warns.
They should not look around at last year's balance with Sparta. In three of the four games they lost, the points took only once after the victory in Prague after the extension. In addition, the management of Sparta in summer brought several distinctive reinforcements and the team expects a return between the top.
"Sparta always had quality players, but what we talk, this year they are really charged," explains Nedomlel before the first game of the end of this week.
And the second one? Also nice silence, waiting for Mountfield on Sunday afternoon in Třinec.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has hidden bitcoins and does not know what with them
Venezuelská central bank performs internal tests to find out if they can hold cryptocurrencies. It reacts to the instruction from the state company Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which strives to send it to the central bank of bitcoin and ethery and to pay the bank to the suppliers of this oil company cryptocurrency. Employees also study a proposal that the central bank can count cryptocurrencies into foreign exchange reserves, which are now close to minimum in 30 years. Bloomberg stated the appeal to the information of four sources.
The penalties that the United States introduced against the authoritarian regime of President Nicolás Madura, largely cut off Venezuela from the global financial system. This has deepened the economic crisis in the country even more. The current crisis is one of the most serious in the global comparison, which forced officials to use a mixture of different ways to move money. While Madurova's effort to run as the first in the world of state cryptocurrency failed, continuing efforts to use digital currencies show how desperately the government tries to find ways that would circumvent restrictions.
Venezuela's central bank did not respond to the request for a commentary.
It is not clear how PDVSA came to its own bitcoin and ether, nor how much value of these currencies owns. The company has problems obtaining payments from customers conventional channels because large banks are not willing to trade entities that are subject to penalties. Last month, the company received most of the payment of $700 million (16.6 billion CZK) in Chinese yuan, because the parties failed to find a financial institution that would allow the transaction.
PDVSA may not want to sell cryptocurrencies on the open market because it would require it to register on the stock exchange and undergo deep control, so-called due diligence. Instead, he wants the cryptocurrency to use the central bank and pay with it to entities whom the ODVSA owes. The representatives of the oil company believe that the central bank is less exposed to any obstacles that could arise during the payment of cryptocurrency.
Bitcoins and ethery are used to verify and record transactions of decentralized internet accounting book known as blockchain. In some cases, relatively anonymous transfers are allowed without the need for intermediary. Few banks are involved in digital currencies due to the problems of spies of dirty money and information about the client related to them and complicate compliance with the regulations.
Cryptocurrency after debacle in 2018 is experiencing a return to sunshine thanks to the expectations of their greater acceptance of institutions and Facebook plan to come up with their own cryptocurrency. Even so they remain unstable. Bitcoin has fallen almost 20 percent in the last four days, but since the beginning of the year it has a profit of about 130 percent.
Neckermann cancels all flights, it concerns five hundred Czech clients
Neckermann cancels his German daughters in connection with the insolvency of the British Thomas Cooka.
"The Czech company Thomas Cook, s. r. o., performs under the trade name Neckermann Agency, insolvency proposal did not go," Šrámek said in a press release.
"CK Neckermann, however, is forced to continue to interfere with the planned departures of his clients," he said, adding that it is currently concerned with all departments from 26 September to 6 October.
According to Šrámka, roughly 500 clients will affect the cancellation of flights. About 800 clients Neckermanna, who are at the moment abroad, according to him "will be taken care of and their safe return to the Czech Republic is ensured by their planned flight".
The Agency admitted that some clients were asked for payment for their stay. "In such a case, it is necessary that clients immediately turn to the SOS line CK Neckermann," Šrámek said.
The Thomas Cook crash occurred on Monday. In August this year, the travel agency concluded an agreement on which creditors had CZK 900 million in the company.
Polovina sums had to get from the Chinese company Fosun Tourism. Based on this, it was supposed to become the majority owner. The second half should provide holders of bonds and creditworthiness banks. Already on 20 September, however, information appeared that creditors demanded to receive a reserve of 200 million pounds, otherwise the agreement falls. On Monday, the company has already announced that it was bankrupt.
Under the bridge someone killed unconflict homeless. Police seek witnesses
According to the Prague police, the murder occurred sometime during the evening until the night from Tuesday on Wednesday. At this time, the police call applies to any testimony.
"Some of the drivers who traveled over the bridge connecting Libeň and Žižkov or the street Pod Krejcárkem, could make a murderer, for example, on the onboard camera. Some witness could only see him and could describe him. In short, we will welcome any testimony to this case and accept it on line 158," said police spokesperson Jan Daněk.
According to the spokesperson for Daňka, a homeless unconflict, did not drink alcohol and did not look for other people. A woman lived on site. "The most frequently moved around Krejcárk, Palmovka and Holešovice, when she had a large blue shopping bags," said Daněk a description of the victim who could also help any witnesses.
Slovaks succeeded, only pays a fine for racist insults
Slovak football union has succeeded with appealing against the closure of the stadium for the racism of fans. The Representation originally had a match of the qualification of the European Championship with Wales without spectators, instead only pays a fine of 15,000 euros (about 387 thousand crowns).
The Disciplinary Commission of the UEFA punished Slovakia and Hungary for the behavior of fans during the recent mutual qualification match in Budapest, which the visiting entrusts of the Czech coach Pavel Hapala won 2:1. Both unions closed the stadium and Slovakia with a fine of 20,000 euros, Hungary 67 thousand euros.
The Slovaks only received a fine of EUR 15,000 after the appeal for offensive political cranks. The closest match of the national team in the qualification for the procedure for the European Championship with Wales 10 October in Trnava will be made available to fans.
Basketball on the medal from MS to 17 years did not reach, ended fourth
Even the third MS seventeen won american, which in the final defeated Spain just 77:75 despite 40 points of Spanish Angela Salvadores.
"We wanted to win and not be potato, but maybe we wanted it too much. We were beginning, but it failed to keep it, because under our basket they rolled over," replied the captain Karolína Malečková. "Play before such a audience, however, he was an incredible experience," praised the fans in Klatovy and Pilsen.
The Czechs began very well, thanks to two three-tips took the lead 8:0 and the whole first quarter was dominated on the field. At that moment it seemed that the opponents would pay the slaughter of the basic group 85:88 after the extension. But the referee sanded 15 foul behind the half-time and the disputed decisions helped Hungary return to the game by cord 12:2.
"I'm convinced that it was enough to give another two three baskets, escape 20 points and we wouldn't let it. But instead our mistakes came. They are not interested in the referee, but what we did wrong, and there were mistakes that helped opponents catch," said coach Richard Fousek.
"It was not the first time we had outage in the concentration. But the girls are fighter, they did not release anything and fought to the end. But the opponent was a lot of quality," he added.
Czechs held Petr Holešínská's exact shooting from a distance and a pivotka Tereza Šípová in the game. However, the best Czech shooter had a problem with faula and a large part of the third quarter in the field missing. Hungarian used it and gained a slight lead, which they already maintained, although the Czechs fought until the last seconds.
"For us, the first five games were very demanding, we speeded matches in a narrow rotation and cost us a lot of strength. Already against Spain was to see that they are tired girls and was not where to take. Because of the physicist we were not consistent in defense. We did not play a quick counterattack, lacked a jump. And the Hungarian are so high-quality that when you don't slip everything together, you'll hardly win," said Fousek.
They believe that his entrusts await the promising future. "In two years, the girls managed to win the youth Olympics, be the second at the European Championships sixteen years old and now they are the fourth in the world. At our ratios it is a quality team with a good character and it is necessary to work with it and develop talent. Now it is at the Federation, which the coach will assign to them in higher categories," Fousek said.
End of political transformer? According to critics, the new law does not help anyway!
However, according to some opposition MPs, the law is more recorded to get rid of responsibility for the choice while choosing their candidates.
Larger transparency in the selection procedures for positions in state companies - this is one of the objectives of the nomination law. For the pronounced 119 MPs. For example, the law passed through the voices of YES, KSČM, Social Democrats and even Pirates.
Candidates to state companies will have to browse through the tender before the government committee. For example, the Pirates sought to make recommendations for the minister would be binding. This eventually failed.
The Civic Democrats and the SPD Movement are afraid that the nomination law will be uploaded to ministers. "The Minister will be able to hide himself for some decision and will not have a clear transparent responsibility," says Tomio Okamura, chairman of the SPD. Similarly, the Vice-President of the ODS Martin Kupka speaks.
The government committee should completely refuse candidates who will not meet the conditions. These will include criminal integrity, indebtedness, minimum age 25 years and the main criterion of selection should also be expertise.
The law will still have to go through the Senate and then get it to the signature of the President.
Heavy competition for Škoda Kamiq. Kia XCeed bets on rich equipment at what price?
Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult to include model. It is clearly among the compact SUV, but does not offer all-wheel drive. This item retains a larger siblings Sportage, which is so direct responses to cars such as Škoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X or Volkswagen Tiguan. Compared to them, XCeed also relies on the dynamic body shapes, which can remotely recall the world of SUV-purchase, popular in this part of the market, especially between the premium brands Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz.
On the other hand, XCeed is not included only after side-plastic versions of classic compacts, such as Ford Focus Active. Compared to him, Koreans made a much larger number of changes to the body, so who doesn't want Ceed in the shapes of news to see perhaps even.
Unlike compact hatchback or Ceed estate, XCeed also offers exclusively with overcrowded engines, so do not expect basic atmospheric fourteen times. XCeed starts with overcrowded litre and also offers a overcrowded sixteen-room with 150 kW, reserved for siblings version GT. Do not wait for the sports degree. Turbodiesely 1.6 CRDi offers only in mild-hybrid design, i.e. combustion engine and electric system that helps to reduce consumption and emissions. From 100 kW it is also possible to pay extra in the seven-speed two-connect slot machine next to the manual.
Soon the offer will grow by plug-in hybrid, i.e. the variant that runs roughly six dozen kilometers only on electricity. The battery can then be charged even from a normal socket.
Simona Krainová: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucia Bílý!
Day before the calendar of Fuck The Age (in translation of M*dat age) Simona Krainová published his last photos on which he is completely naked! "I had a little fear of condemning me that I was taking pictures naked at my age. I am quite shy a person. But so far I have only positive reactions. I wanted to show women that when he wants, it goes in 46 years to have a firm character. Of course, work is behind it and renunciation, but otherwise it is not possible."
"With Lukáš Dvořák we took a picture of about three thousand photos, they chose about a hundred and there are twelve in the calendar, so the rest is waiting for their moment. It is definitely not the last time I'm naked," Blesko confided a model, which came to his baptism very unveiled.
She had an extended jacket from Bernhardt and underneath it shorts, which were not visible, so it looked like she had forgotten the bottom. Every day jogging was strengthened by legs, so similar models can afford.
Simona had such a joy of success that she liked the baptism of everyone who met. Man husband, friends, even Slavici Lucia Bílou.
The carpenter brought the voice of the digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, it preaches the headline of a long text that Michael Hobbes wrote for the Huffington Post server and photographed Finlay Mackay. In a provocative explanation, he writes that the medical community has ignored the facts about obesity and led the fierce (and also unnecessary) war against people with overweight, which not only noted public opinion, but also destroyed a lot of lives. But now it is time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes states right at the beginning, is the fact that from knowledge and knowledge of facts to put into practice often leads very long and tedious path. It mentions the case of the court when some captains have already handed out their crews at the seventeenth century, lime and oranges with faith that so diseases will pass away. The British war navy, however, withdrawn from this practice because of fears of increased costs. The clear influence of fruit in the prevention and treatment of the disease was then shown in the half of the 18th century, but it took another fifty years before the navy took into account. Even the safety belts existed long before the invention of the car, but the mandatory began to be in the 1960s, as well as the first confirmed death in connection with asbestos comes from 1906, yet its first ban came in 1973.
"Every discovery in the field of public health - and does not matter how important it was - he always had to compete with traditions, prejudices and financial stimuli inside the society to which he was supposed to be implemented," Hobbes writes. In American society, almost 80 percent of adult population and around one third of children meets the definition of overweight or obesity. More Americans live today with obesity than breast cancer, Alzheimer, Parkinson and HIV together.
The obesity is viewed as a high-quality personal failure of the individual, which is claimed to burden healthcare and reduce GDP. Fear of thickness is so big in the population that Americans spend more money on the diets today than they set out for computer games and movies. However, the truth is that diet does not work. Already in 1959 research has shown that 95 to 98% of attempts to lose weight end with failure and two thirds of people on diet subsequently gain more than they agreed.
Armed by Hobbes statistics further describes the lifestyle and traumas of people with overweight. The personal will meet with systemic, when for example at faculties in teaching future doctors, the issue of nutrition is only 19 hours from the whole study. Which at the time when the 60 calorie process that Americans accept comes from ultra-processed food - i.e. too processed food.
As obesity is stigmatized, they illustrate reports from surgeries, where people usually experience shorter inspections, doctors approach them with smaller empathy and consider them more problematic patients.
However, the overweight is far from just an American problem, as Hobbes writes, Since 1980 the share of obesity in 73 countries has doubled and has increased in 113. And at that time no country has failed to shrink and stop. Absolutely no.
Brno Great Prize? Hippos of tickets
The most expensive item is a breakdown fee every year before the Grand Prize. This year was about a hundred fifteen million crowns. "Mass of people who will come to Brno at the Grand Prix will spend money on accommodation, food or entertainment, which should more or less balance the costs associated with organizing the event, including the unifying fee," the economist Petr Pelc assessed.
According to him, the importance of the race is also in attracting tourists to the city. "Brno does not have so much world tourist attractions. The great price attracts visitors from abroad. For Brno, it is important as well as the tuir airport or the exhibition centre. And these are the projects that support from public money," the economist said.
Great price in Brno
- costs for the past five years: 686 million crowns
- profits from the past five years: 682 million crowns
- problem: lack of money for organizing, increasing unifying fee for the promoter company Dorna
- possible solutions: more money from the state, use of advertising area, increase ticket price
- current state: negotiations on the new contract for organizing races for the next five years
According to the director of the Institute of Public Administration Filip Hrůzy, the organizers must now evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. "Grand Prix sucks money from public budgets to other matters. To some extent, however, it is political, and not an economic question," he thinks.
In the future, the cost of motoring event can be even higher. In the game there is a variant of increasing the paving fee almost twice.
"The situation is not closed, we have to try to negotiate the best conditions with Dorna. It also depends on what extent the state is ready to contribute to organizing the race. If the worst scenario is fulfilled, I am afraid that it is not realistic that the city and the region pay off the amount," the Mayor Markéta Vaňková admitted to the Brno Mayor.
As Deník Equality informed, representatives of the South Moravian Region and Brno, because of the difficulties of obtaining money at the Great Prize, also act on the possibility of using advertising. "The condition of Dorny is that advertising must be placed in places that do not occupy cameras. The limited selection of companies, because if Dorna has the general sponsor, cannot be the second sponsor of the company from the same area," Vaňková explained.
More money can also be obtained from tickets in the following years. "We have to sit down and say what costs they will actually be. And we have to adapt to the revaluation of tickets," said the Brno opposition representative for the ANO movement and former Mayor Petr Vokřál.
Accident on D5: The highway closed the collision of trucks
The event was reported around 08:00 on the 22nd kilometre in the direction of Prague. "Dálnice is closed, at least for freight transport. Personal cars can go through a petrol," police spokesperson Michaela Richterová said in the morning. Operation managed to recover around 14:30. According to Richterová, the preliminary damage is at least two million crowns, the cause of an accident of police officers investigates.
The spokesperson for Central Bohemian firefighters Petr Svoboda said that one truck transported passenger vehicles and the second plastic granulate. "Due to the great impact, the transported vehicles were shifted, which had to first ensure the firefighters against any fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank, from which it escaped about 200 liters of diesel. Another 200 liters have managed to draw firefighters. For the accident, the environmental department of the Beroun Town Hall was permitted due to the escape of fuels. The planting of crashed vehicles and passing through the motorway secured a private company, which took advantage of the contaminated soil.
unsuccessful qualifications. Czech athletes will not succeed in Doha yet
The World Championship in Doha started for Czech athletics qualifying failures. Diana Mezuliáníková fell in the start of 800 meters and the qualifications did not pass through the barrel Roman Maláčová and the hammer Kateřina Šafránková, who defended the eighth place, which surprised the last year in London.
The start on Friday is still an obstacle Vít Müller and the night marathon race will run Marcela Joglová.
Šafránková threw the third attempt 65,46 meters and lagged behind almost six meters for his this year's maximum, which would have to improve the procedure. Maláčová jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was above its strength. To participate in the final it was necessary to overcome the limit of 460 cm.
The intersection, which came to the championship at the last minute thanks to the invitation from the international Federation IAAF, ended in the fourth start of the penultimate sixth place and even the time 2:03,48 minutes was not enough to advance to the semifinals. For this year's maximum lagged behind one and a half seconds. "It was quite fast for me, unfortunately I was in a turn of my opponent, which I was quite afraid of my strength. It seemed to me that I had the forces, but there it was slowing me down. I almost stopped and had to run again, so it was a bit unpleasant in this. I can't be completely satisfied," said the Czech representative.
She was glad that at least one opponent prevailed in the target plane. "It really wasn't good for it, so every defeated opponent was good. But I think the fifth place it was. Unfortunately," she said. The fastest semicolon in the ranges was Winnie Nanyondová from Uganda for 2:00,36.
In Doha missing the best eight-six-six years of Caster Semenyaová from JAR, which has too high testosterone levels in the body, but as well as some other cross-country skis refuses treatment that has been ordered by IAAF since this year.
In the ranges of 100 meters confirmed the role of the favorite number one American Christian Coleman, who in time 9.998 as the only one got under the limit of ten seconds. His countryman Justin Gatlin advanced to the semifinals, who strives to defend the title at 37 years. Nigerijec Divine Odudura, who is with a power of 9.86 pairs of this year's tables and expected his duel with Coleman, did not come to the start this season at the cost of 9.81.
A great form has already shown in the qualification of Kubánec Juan Miguel Echevarría motorways, which has immediately fallen into a distance of 840 cm. So far he did not jump any athletes in the qualification of the MS over the past 20 years. The twenty-one-year-old Cuban leads this year's table with an output of 865 cm.
French candidate for Oskar Beers will start the Be2Can show
The Golden Bear and both holders of acting prizes from this year's Berlinale, the price of directing and the jury prize from Cannes and much more will present the 6th year of the festival film from Berlin, Venice and Cannes. This year, the Be2Can festival will bring a selection of the most remarkable and most stimulating, which introduced the competition of three most important European film festivals.
The opening film of this year's show will be the French drama Beers, for which the author of the film Ladj Ly took the prize of the jury at this year's Cannes festival. The film is a French candidate for Oscar. The premiere of the film in Prague will personally present two main roles of police officers of criminal units, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zong. Alexis Manenti is also a co-author of the film scenario.
Be2Can this year take place in Prague cinema Lucerna and Edison Filmhub, as well as in Brno ( cinema Art), Ostrava (Minikino) and in Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) from 2nd to 8th October.
The directorial feature debut by Ladislav Lyho was given after success in Cannes and awarded at a number of other world festivals. The Durban IFF received the Award for the Best Film and the Award for the best scenario, as well as the IFF in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo and will soon be listed in San Sebastian.
As part of the festival, however, viewers can also look forward to films by Synonyma, Young Ahmed, System Saver, Goodbye, my son, Pardon, we did not catch you, the Antology of the City of Ghosts and the film U Zlaté gloves. But other fresh news from this year's Venice, which will head to the Czech distribution: science fiction Ad Astra, Joker, on the Czech triumph of Nabarvená bird.
Which cities disappear under the sea?
The vote of the upper chamber of the Canadian Parliament has been confirmed for several days by the famous message: Canada takes honorary citizenship of the former legend of the fight for human rights, Nobel Peace Prize winner To Aun Schan Su Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Barmy), who spent the freedom in his country in his country for years in prison, lost an honorary degree due to a share of genocide against a minority nation of Rohing.
The decision to take the Kyi honorary citizenship has already agreed a week ago the lower legislative body and Senators have now unanimously supported it. "It is the right message for her, so for Myanmar and for the whole world," the independent Senator Ratna Omidvar commented on the decision of his colleagues. "We have to make it clear that the co-workers of genocide are not welcome here in Canada - they more like an honorary citizens."
The verdict of the Canadian Parliament is technically not changing for Su Kyi, it is only an honorary title, but it is a strong message for a symbolic level. The silence of the long-term human rights warrior to the atrocities that the army of the majority Buddhist Myanmar commits endless months to the Muslim minority of Rohing, is unbearable.
The fact that in Myanmar is officially organized genocide and that Su Kyi - de facto premiere of the local government - has failed in the obligation to protect its citizens, has recently brought the UN report. Specifically, the names of several military commanders are mentioned in it, who, according to the investigation team, should stand before the court for crimes against humanity committed in events that - as the report says - "do they loose both the frightening of their actions and the enormous extent". According to the UN, the Kyi and its led administration committed its co-operation primarily by the fact that the event of soldiers covered and discharged around them by the protection of the fog of lies - for example, that it is a "protiterorist operation".
After the departure of Su Kyi remains on the list of honorary citizens of Canada five personalities: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tändzin Gjamccho, 14th Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, 49. imamine Muslims and Malá Júsufzaj.
The development around the former icon of the fight for freedom and democracy reflected the Canadian Human Rights Museum, where information about the atrocities against Rohing and the parliamentary decision to take the title of honorary citizen was added to the profile of Su Kyi. "We have also subdued the lighting of her photos on the tablo depicting the time axis of the fight for human rights and we are thinking about replacing her face with a portrait of a member of the rohing minority," the Canadian media quote the spokesperson for the Rorie McLeoda Museum.
The only thing in the current shocks of Su Kyi - at least so far - remains, is the Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to her on the proposal of Václav Havel in 1991 for a huge contribution to the fight for democracy. "Although the current is Mrs.Su Ťij regrettable, her award will not be annulled," said Canadian CBS boss of the Nobel Foundation Lars Heikensten.
Mikroplasty got up to human intestines, confirmed the study for the first time
Scientists have confirmed several years of suspicion. The team led by Professor Vienna University Philippa Schwabla published a study that first proves the presence of microplasts in the human stool. Although the study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia - however, there were small particles of plastics between 50 and 500 micrometers in the samples of all examined persons. None of the eight entities was vegetarian, six of them did not avoid sea fish, all drank water from plastic bottles and food packed in plastic.
And it would actually be a bit of a miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplasts - which are produced either directly, for example for the needs of the cosmetic industry, or creates disintegration of larger pieces - are present in marine livestock, insects, tap water and lemonades; simply everywhere on the planet. Their entry into the digestive tract of man is therefore only officially confirmed. At ten grams of stool, roughly 20 particles of microplasts and scientists estimate that it will have more than half of the world's population.
La both and scientific awareness of course suspect that it is not good. Humanity still does not know how bad it is - and what influence microplasts have on "host" organisms. Small particles can get to the bloodstream or to the lymphatic system and end up for example in the liver. "It is the first study of its kind and confirmed what we have already thought for a long time. Now that we have the first evidence of the occurrence of microplasts in the human body, we must continue to examine what exactly it means for human health," says Schwabl.
So far it is known that microplasts in the intestines can negatively affect the immune response of the digestive system and thus facilitate the absorption of poisonous chemicals and other pathogens into the body. And so far there is no known other solution than to limit the use of plastics, especially polypropylene. However, it will be difficult - the first task standing before the governments and the authorities will at least stop its steep increase. As far as plastic bottles are concerned, experts estimate that in three years humanity consumes five more than today. The current pace is a thrilling million bought bottles per minute. Every year, roughly eight million tons of plastic will end in the seas and oceans. The waste threatens sea ecosystems and infests the digestive system of marine animals.
Some countries have already joined the restriction and other measures, Kenya, for example, under the threat of draconic penalties - forbade plastic bags. The European Commission is considering small prohibitions (well-known brakes) in the same direction, the domestic Ministry of the Environment is heading in the same direction. However, the critics claim that such measures are nice, but absolutely insufficient.
Harry in the footsteps of Princess Diana (†36)! Where is Meghan?
Diana was exceptional in being able to catch people behind the heart. In January 1997 aroused the crack when she visited Africa and especially the mine field. The images on which the protective suit and the shield on the face have, have become iconic. And then nobody could suspect that a few months later the princess of human hearts in the tragic car accident in Paris will leave the last time.
Now he also scored her younger son Harry, when after 22 years she went to the same place as she. He went to the habitat of removing min in Diric in Angole, also deployed a special protective suit and looked very thoughtfully. Certainly he did not prevent memories of the beloved mother, about which he came in only 13 years.
Harry had a speech directly on the spot, where he praised the efforts of the Halo Trust organization, which works on defending the minefield and other explosives in the countries where the war took place. "Mine fields are unheard of wounds of war. Their purification we can help the community to find peace with which opportunities come," he said and appealed to the rescue and maintenance of wild nature and local river as a source of water. After this visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huamba to rename the local orthopaedic center just after his famous mom, princess Diana.
He did not forget to mention it even on the official instagram account: "The Duke is honoured that he can visit the place and the community that were so important for his mother, get acquainted with their tireless missions and talk to all about whom he had (Diana) the impression that they needed the most to be heard, although the problem was not popular worldwide," appeared in the contribution to the instagram Sussex Royal.
But the Royal fans may freeze that he did not take his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months). Both have a separate program from Wednesday to Harry, apparently because of their protection. After all, take a small baby on the minefield, does not sound very safe, and Harry does not want to endanger his beloved family at no cost.
The only ones. We don't have the reproduction of a certain, but we don't have to scare
Some words have unfortunate connotations, although they only communicate the state of things. These include the word only. It indicates the child growing up without siblings, but does not sound neutral. "You know, the only one," says he, without having to deliver anything. Interestingly, this feature is "the only" carries long ago, even from the time when the expressions as a demographic crisis did not use widely.
Today, people outside the scientific community know that the rate of fertility of 2.1 child per woman is required to ensure simple reproduction of the population. It is also widely known that this value does not reach this value in Europe today. At most, France or Sweden is approaching, but they do not have a simple reproduction of the population of the European states. (As part of the West, only Israel is beyond the total fertility of 3.1 child per woman.) It is a situation as done for alarmism. That is why it is no wonder when the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs Maláčová forfeits him: "The only ones are almost as much as two-children's families," she said in an interview for LN. But she forgot the devil hidden in detail.
Yes, it is good when it warns about the problem instead of removing or ideologized. For example, as in Germany, where the campaign for more children is easily gaining a sticker of fascism (in the style of "so supported even Hitler"). It is good when it recalls that many couples are only planning to plan. It is well, if politicians manifest the will to remove obstacles that lead to those decisions (e.g. weak enlargement of work from home discourages women from other pregnancy). But despite all this, let's draw attention to one thing.
If the Minister Maláčová says that "the only are almost so much", it is in addition to demagogy. The statement was located twenty years ago. Let's recall that the fertility in the Czech Republic provided simple reproduction in 1980 ("Husák's children"). Then she dropped up to the terrible 1,14 in 2000. But since then, almost fifty percent has risen, on the present 1,70 child on one woman, which is a European above average. It is not enough for simple reproduction, so the activity of politicians is. Only with this alarmism can a bit remove.
Costa Rica is a champion in the fight against climate change
The title received Costa Rica for several reasons. For the beginning of the plan to be carbon neutral by 2050 - however, a lot of countries undertook to do so within the Paris Agreement. The Central American state with a population of around five million produces only 0.4 percent of world emissions. Costa Rica has also undertaken to fully switch to renewable energy sources by 2030, with 70 percent of buses or taxis cars should ride electricity.
The official tourist organization states that approximately 95 percent of the energy from renewable sources is already coming - Costa Rica worked on them in 2017 300 days.
Costa Rica boasts almost thirty national parks.
The deforestation density also contributes to reducing emissions. Rain forests with a variety of fauna and flora, which cover more than half of the country, are also one of the main tourist draws. "Kostarika is a pioneer in nature conservation and gives an example to other states in the region, but also around the world. Climate changes require urgent steps from all of us," the UN said in a statement.
Costa Rica can boast almost thirty national parks, which is a lot due to the small area of the country (51 100 square kilometers). Rain or foggy forests, coral reefs or mangrove marshes are home to five percent of world biodiversity. The country also has volcanoes, picturesque waterfalls and you would also find several rescue stations for lazards.
Strangely on the planet. Noc of scientists begins in Prague
"I would definitely visit CTU in Prague and look at the model as smart cities look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Institute of Anatomy at the Medical Faculty, where the access to the public is not," advises the National Coordinator of the Night of scientists Jitřenka Navrátilová.
The Institute of Anatomy offers a tour of the battles and the opportunity to try the work with surgical instruments.
"Then I would go to ČZU and look at the film Green Desert," adds Navrátilová. The guided tours will also offer nine laboratories. The motto of this year's Night of scientists reads "sinks on the planet".
The highest state prosecutor restored the prosecution of a mother who manipulated the daughter against the father
The highest state prosecutor Pavel Zeman disagrees with the release of a mother who has long manipulated the daughter and disrupted her relationship to the father. She faced the indictment of abuse and threat of upbringing. The Regional Court has freed it indictment, Zeman does not agree with it. In a similar meeting, according to his appeal, it can be seen to the Supreme Court.
The decision of the Supreme Court could have a wider impact on other cases. "The more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse can be considered necessary even in terms of rectification of another application practice," the appeal stands in Zemanov.
Last year, the District Court in Svitavy acknowledged the guilty of the abuse of a entrusted person and threatening the upbringing of the child. With the daughter she created a firm, up to symbiotic binding, even in a situation where she was to be entrusted to the father.
The result was a pathological fixation on the mother and significantly negative relationship to the father. The situation marked the emotional development of the daughter, which was even hospitalized. It threatened self-damaging in the case of handing over to the care of the father.
Svitavský court imposed a mother for two years in prison with a two-year conditional delay. The Pardubice branch of the Regional Court, however, in the appeal proceedings, has grown indictment, it is not said to be a crime. The same verdict repeated the Regional Court even after the Supreme Court ordered him once to decide again.
The Regional Court stated that the situation where one of the parents manipulates the child to another are not exceptional. It is solved in cautious proceedings, or with the help of psychologists or social protection authorities. Only exceptionally is the solution of criminal law.
According to the highest state prosecutor, however, the woman has committed both abuse and threat to upbringing. "The accused acted in a completely targeted, when in a daughter aroused negative feelings towards her father, and specifically confirmed these negative emotions. Such acting not only watched the unauthorized intention to restrict or exclude the intercourse of a father with minors, but had to be necessarily aware that in the psychosocial sphere the minors would cause negative consequences," it is worth calling.
Zeman asked the Supreme Court to return to the Regional Court once more. From the call it flows that the child is now in the care of the father.
Get off, called Schiller's words about the opposition dirt Czernin
"I consider it completely unacceptable to the member of the Czech government anywhere, the less in the land of Parliament, to use this totalitarian expression," Czernin wrote in an open letter to Schiller.
Her words aroused upset in discussing the draft constitutional action on President Miloš Zeman. The opposition did not hide enough votes and the proposal of the constitutional action with which the Senate came, deputies coincided from the table.
"I get dozens of messages from people I don't know. There is no one voice to support this action. There are messages to support the President and the messages of the type as the money of taxpayers is spent here, as the threshing of empty straw. And even I would like, I don't use hard expressions, one of them quote: It's opposition and Senator's dirt," said Finance Minister.
"The Nazis frequented the Nazis of Jewish origin and communists of their political opponents. It is a rhetoric of totalitarian, without a pinch of respect for man and to the opinion," the Minister of Deputy Prime Minister TOP 09 Czernin wrote, who will compete for the post of President of the party with the first Vice-President Markét Pekarová Adamová.
"I quoted one of the many reports I received dozens during the meeting of the House. Their common denominator was disgusting over constant personal dehonestation, which we witnessed daily in domestic politics and which was also the main motive of Thursday's meeting of the House. The fact that someone refers to himself surprised me," Schillerová responded to the Czech Press Agency.
Destroyed shops, fires in the streets, commemorative parade accompanied unrest
Five years ago, 43 university students disappeared in Ayotzinap, despite extensive investigations, so far the case was not clarified. They allegedly were to be detained by the police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not exactly clear what happened then, according to the investigation, however, students apparently ended up in the hands of the local syndicate and were subsequently killed and burned, the agency APTN states.
On Thursday, a commemorative procession took place in Mexico's capital, the family wanted to express frustration over the fact that they are still unable to find answers and explain the disappearance of their children.
The predominantly peaceful march, however, disrupted smaller groups of vandals, which destroyed everything that stood in the way. Vandalová destroyed shops and hotels, did not hide the monuments, the town was founded by fires and discharged the windows.
Already before the march President Andres Manuel López Obrador said he would do everything to the impact, and asked the public for any information that would lead to clarification of the case.
Over 142 people were detained within the investigation, but one of them failed to condemn. Many of them had to be dismissed because their human rights were violated, investigators allegedly had suspicious torture, complements APTN.
Mahulena Bočanová interrupted the annual detox and again sin!
More than a year ago, Mahulena Bočanová entrusted Blesko to meet alcohol. "I told my holidays that I would breathe my old shameful fifty-year-old body. I gave the deadline forever. I feel terribly rested, I have a lot of energy and especially my psyche improved. Recently, I have not been good about it mentally. Lime gets up, doesn't be afraid of me, I have more energy, money."
The annual abstinence allegedly was enough and the actress again found his way to alcohol. "Sometimes I'll give bubbles or quality wine, but I don't drink what before. I'll get one glass and I'm talking to the morning. In the fridge I have a bottle of wine for example a week. I also tasted soft beer, which I can drink at any time," Mahulena boasted, who still forms a couple with Brno entrepreneur Petr.
Bočanová also returned to the theatre season after the holidays and newly starts to the series Ordinace in the pink garden. "I am ashamed of the first two performances, I was really bad, I said. But it's better," she smiles critically actress.
Jaromír Soukup talked about Gott: He wishes him peace
The moderator and entrepreneur Jaromír Soukup (50) will not be afraid of any questions. In his show Call and write to the boss publicly expresses to various topics. And a stranger is not even a tabloid case that sparkles and humbly glosses. Although this time he was not laughing.
Jaromír Soukup commented for the sad report, which is a very serious disease of Karel Gott. The singer himself promised one very considerate thing for himself.
"You know, Karel got sick and said it was fairly without having to juic somewhere in the tabloid journalists. I don't want to comment on it, it's a serious disease, we all appreciate Karel Gott extremely. And I would like to wish him a successful treatment and especially peace! Peace, which he needs now," said Barrandov, owner of the TV.
"I wish the media to let him be. And she waited for the reports that the Master himself decides to provide the media. I don't even like the various statements that his old acquaintances think about his health and various celebrities. And for our media I can say that his illnesses and his person will only devote themselves to it if it is manifested by interest. In my opinion, the other media should consider similar approach."
Young Czechs think they know it with money. The survey did not confirm
"It turns out that young Czechs have a somewhat greater confidence in their knowledge of finance than reality. In this case, women and respondents had a significantly greater proportion of bad responses," Jaroslav Palendalová said.
We believe both men and young secondary school students or university students with their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs will learn the most from their parents (37 percent), self-study on the Internet (23 percent) and only in the third row from teaching at school (21 percent).
Questions around finance consult with parents mainly women, while information on the internet is looking for men. Getting information about finance from parents prevails in all age categories of young people, regardless of their achieved education or personal income. Practically minimal influence has leaflets of financial institutions, professional journals and publications.
"The importance of upbringing children of their parents, who represent authority in all major areas of life, shows again. Therefore, the level of financial literacy of parents who transfer their knowledge and experience to their descendants is crucial," Palendalová said.
Savings and investments prefer 94 percent of young.
Unambiguously, young ones are opposed to whether it is better to save and buy, for example, your own house or apartment, or to enjoy and spend money rather, without savings and your own housing.
The strategy of savings and investment in long-term tangible assets professes 94 percent of the surveyed. This applies across all age categories of young people, regardless of the achieved education, social status or the current amount of personal income.
The investigation strategy is 100% people in the marital union with two and more children and employees in the public sector. On the contrary, they want to enjoy people living alone and with income over 30,000 crowns a month.
Myslivec from hurt during the fall of the obsession, the ambulance carried him three hours
The unfortunate accident occurred half past eight in the top parts at Čertova mill.
"It was very complex and inaccessible terrain, so we went to the injured man five of our rescuers with proper technique. At the same time, we asked for the cooperation of the Medical Rescue Service of the Moravian-Silesian Region. The healthcare professionals then went to the accident of the sanitary car," the circumstances of the Libor Kluz, the dispatcher Horské služby Beskydy described the circumstances.
Rescuers found hunters in a selected location with multiple injuries. Immediately treated him and then gently, but with difficulty transported to the so-called Austrian trolley through the inconvenient terrain.
"Transport in the route about one and a half kilometers was slow and difficult. The injured nimrod was therefore handed over to the crew of the ambulance car after approximately three hours," added Libor Kluz.
According to Radana Jaškovský, authorized chief of the Mountain Service Beskydy and at the same time interfering with the rescue, the colleague of the hunter fortunately managed to describe in detail where the injured is located.
"We found it relatively fast. However, if the Rescue app had an app on the phone, our rescuers would certainly sooner and at the same time would know the accident and its situation immediately dispatching the line 155," said Radan Jaškovský.
He added that the charged mobile phone with the activated application Rescue should now be a matter of course in the mountains.
Zeman conservationist - Man tensioning the Institute calls for enforcement of law
Whoever moves in the camp divided society and does not want to fool completely, welcomes the situation when it does not have to cheer only to their own. When he can admit the pluses, whom he otherwise criticizes. Already in order not to feel that it is oriented only according to advance- assigned stickers. Such situations also include a list of severely damaged monuments, which President Zeman fencing on his favorite travels into regions.
Everyone knows what it goes. And who occasionally travels through the Czech Republic, a number of devastated monuments - from centers of historical cities to individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches or farmhouses - in their own eyes. Every suspect that even here it can come to the word demagogy. If we argue that if we do not care about the sights or some horror in the zoning plan, it can be a work of former administration. Or the object of privatized, whose owner is not traceable. The head of the state of local policy calls on: "Paragraf of the Monument Act allows you to penalize the owners of objects who do not care about their property." But although the owner is unsustainable, it is necessary to admit that the President calls for the enforceability of the law. Which would also be the critique of his bending constitution to acknowledge as a plus.
Of course, Miloš Zeman would not be Miloš Zeman, if he considered all the details and formalities of the complex problem. But it is worth a good thing like squate, which he does not recognize himself. Two years ago, we wrote: "Despite all the squaters of the squate, they draw attention to the problem standing outside the current interest. The fact that the building is in an emergency state." And let's admit that the president does de facto the same.
If you come to the historical centre of Jáchymov, you will be amazed at how devastated it is - including houses with Renaissance kernels. At a time when Jáchymov celebrates 500 years of silver mining and minting of the clarches (for dollars of dollars). Why? It is said to be said to be a quick-hanged sale of houses in the 1990s, they say local officials. But what about the fact that the seven kilometers distant Ostrov, the seat of Šliek, who was the Jáchymov rake, has a historical core of nicely repaired? It is good if the President draws attention to these things.
Babiš called on the security cooperation in the memorial of terror victims
Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and wife Monika visited the memorial of terrorist attacks from 11 September 2001 Ground Zero on 27 September 2019 in New York.
Terrorism is the main enemy against which all countries of the world should fight together. At the end of the five-day visit to the United States, the Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš declared this in New York Memorial of Terrorist attacks on 11 September 2001. On this occasion, Prime Minister honoured the memory of two victims of Czech origin.
"It's a very moving place," said the Prime Minister, when accompanied by a wife Monika laid a white rose at the names of Lukáš Rambousek and the Czechoslovak emigrant Alena Sešín. Both were between more than 2750 dead, which the attack kidnapped aircraft on the former pair of skyscrapers of the World Trade Center (WTC) requested. The WTC tower crashed after impact, in their place is now a memorial to the names list of victims.
"It is necessary to remember what happened here, the horror," Babiš said. The attack on the US from September 11, 2001 marked the Prime Minister for why the UN should cooperate in a single campaign against international terrorism. In addition to the destruction of the WTC skyscrapers, the terrorists encountered an kidnapped aircraft to the Ministry of Defence building in Washington and also had other strikes on the target in Washington, apparently the White House or Congress. However, this aircraft crashed when the passenger was built by the hijackers.
"This is our main enemy, there would be all countries of the world to join and coordinately fight against international terrorism," added the Czech Prime Minister.
Slovenians beat Polish world champions and are in the final of the ME
Slovenian volleyball players will be sensationally played by the premiere title of European champions. With the support of almost 12,000 storms in Ljubljana, they beat the reigning double world champions Poles 3:1 and are the first finalists.
He decides on Friday between France and Serbia.
Slovenian team worked in the semifinals much more compact than Polish world champions. These belonged only to the beginning of the opening set and with happiness the end of the second set, but the home volleyball players overcome in defense and from the players in the red-white jersey basically pointed only a native of Cuba León.
However, both packers Čebulj and Urnaut presented themselves in the home line in the home lineup and the second universal Štern, who soon replaced the insignificant Gasparini. The Poles paid out that all previous matches on this Eura won sovereignly, while Slovenians gained self-confidence after heavy battles in the playoffs with Bulgarians and Russians.
In August, the Slovaks lost 1:3 in the Olympic qualification in Gdansk, but they paid them at home. But now the sold out lubrication arena Stožica leaves. After today, however, they have a certain second medal in history, in Paris they can improve unexpected silver from the European Championship four years ago.
The Slovenians ended up with mows at the previous European championship, until the Czech representation.
Technological companies want to rule our cities
Francise Fukuyam's history was somewhat plundered. In 1992, at the top of the wave of liberalism, which followed after the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political scientist in his most famous book End of History and the last man wrote: "What we may witness... is the final point of ideological development of mankind and universal acceptance of Western liberal democracy as a final form of governance."
On twenty-two years later, we witnessed how from the US after Russia, from Turkey to Poland and from Hungary to Italy, the models of non-liberal and thriving with different forms of nationalism and radicalism were victorious. Current ninth Fukuyam's book Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment is trying to cope with these forces. As he shows his conversation Georg Eaton for New Statesman, many of his former opinions revise: he claims that the ideas of socialism should return to public space and Marx is right in many. Although it insists that his thought development is still in accordance with the position of the nineties and critics The end of history and the last man is said to have not understood correctly.
"What I said then was that one of the problems of modern democracy is that it provides peace and prosperity, but people want more than just it... Liberal democracy does not even try to define what is a good life. He leaves it on individuals who feel the alienation, does not see sense, and therefore they associate into groups according to identity that give them a sense of belonging."
At his time, the book The End of History and the Last Man was written as a strong argument against Marxists who perceived communism as the final stage of history. When Fukuyama is asked how to see the socialists in Britain and the USA now, he answers: "All this depends on what you think of socialism. If we talk about the ownership of means of production, then except when the demanded clear services of the public are, it will not work in my opinion. But if you mean redistribution programs that try to solve the huge imbalance in income and wealth, we have already witnessed, then yes. I think not only could he return, he would return. This long period, which was launched by President Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher, and in which certain types of ideas were given to the word about the advantages of the unregulated market, had a disastrous effect in many ways."
Finally, Fukuyama tries to calm down the current situation and warns all liberals that even the onset of new not completely democratic regimes will not mean the end of history.
Soldiers practice, download curtains. China is preparing celebrations on site massacre
The army of the parade practiced during recent weekends. Shops in the center of Beijing had to close and the inhabitants near the square had ordered to pull the curtains. After the empty streets, military cars were rolling to the square and combat aircraft circled in the sky.
Several Chinese said to Reuters, that they are proud that their country will exhibit their military strength. One woman, however, said that it can be hard to deny that the celebrations of other states disturb.
Apparently she came to Taiwan, who claims China and where choices are approaching. However, fears can also have in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, in which thousands of people repeatedly demonstrate against China's achieved administrators.
Celebrations are also prepared outside Beijing. The South China port Sia-men has already shown a special light show on Thursday night. Sia-men lies opposite the island of Taiwan and is one of the ten most innovative Chinese cities.
Before the statement, a list of prohibited things is growing. There are already drones, balloons, dragons, alcohol, transmitters and devices using radio waves, warned The Guardian. He added that the popular Chinese social network Weibo deletes "harmful political information".
"It's another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Chinese Communist Party remains (for roar) despite all the forecasts," said historian Maura Cunningham, who deals with China. "It's the moment the party can demonstrate order, control and power," she said.
The People's Republic of China was established in 1949 when the Communists under the leadership of Mao Ce-tung won in the fight with Čankajšková nationalists who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960s, China underwent a catastrophic communist experiment in the form of a so-called cultural revolution. In June 1989 the regime of Tiananmen Square was massacred by thousands of pro-democratic demonstrators from among students and workers.
Since the end of the 1970s, China has more and more assumes elements of capitalist economy. According to critics, it is now a mixture of the worst of communism (monopoly of one side and persecution of opposition) and (dickensian) capitalism ( exploitation of workers).
Czechs or children entrusted to the entry. ČOI revealed in restaurants discrimination
These include, for example, incorrect information about prices and non-compliance with the principles of sales honesty.
In one case, discrimination refuses the restaurant in Prague to enter smaller children into the enterprise. According to ČOI, it writes that the device is not suitable for children aged up to eight years. "The electronic question of the consumer, whether it is possible to order a table for four adults and one child at the age of four, an employee of the restaurant electronically answered that in the restaurant they do not accept the presence of children under eight years of age," said Fröhlich.
In the second case, another Prague enterprise did not want to embark on the table Czech speaking people, while the English-speaking it allowed. "The Czech-speaking inspectors, in the position of the consumer, was not allowed to sit at the table in the restaurant and make an order. English-speaking consumers have been this allowed," the spokesperson ČOI described the situation.
Both cases are now solved in administrative proceedings. Since they are not yet overturned, the spokesperson could not disclose more information to the aforementioned restaurants.
However, the discrimination appeared only at a very small part of the restaurant controlled in the second quarter. Total ČOI carried out 139 inspections. In addition to the aforementioned two cases of discrimination, another mistake revealed in 64 cases. Mostly it was deficiencies in adherence to the principles of the honesty of sales and non-informing of the consumer on the prices of products and services in accordance with the regulations.
Already in the middle of the inspection informed about cases of discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreigners were charged the amount higher than Czech speaking clients. In these cases, the powers of CZK 60,000 have already fallen.
On vacation only with a credit card? NEO account offers ATM withdrawals worldwide free of charge!
According to surveys, roughly half of all Czechs who set off abroad have been used directly to pay by card. The main reasons include the comfort, safety, but also the possibility of using travel insurance, which is often connected with credit card.
The comfort when paying card can appreciate travelers in almost all corners of the world. Especially this applies in popular tourist destinations, but today credit cards are accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, for example, because of work, do not have time to walk repeatedly into exchange offices to exchange cash. And even "holidays" do not want to rely on the fact that cash is sufficient. In addition, Czech banks or exchange offices do not even have any foreign currencies. For NEO account, we have solved this so that its users can choose cash free of charge from all ATMs, whether they are anywhere," says Kateřina Petko, Marketing and Communication Director and Spokeswoman Expobank CZ.
Moreover, the payment card represents a much more reliable way compared to cash, as not to come to your money. When a full wallet is lost, its owner does not have to wait for the money he wore in it. However, if it comes to your credit card, it can easily block it by phone or via internet banking. During rapid negotiations, it does not have to suffer any financial loss at all. "In addition to their reliable protection, we will keep money on the bank account. For the NEO account, for example, it is 1.6% per year, one of the highest among normal and savings accounts. Its founding and administration is carried out completely online without the need to visit a branch. Moreover, money on the bank account is insured up to 100,000 euros and the account management is completely free," adds Kateřina Petko.
For anyone who is going to go abroad, travel insurance should be a matter of course. Thanks to the possibility to arrange it and pay the card online so you can even at the last minute. However, the ownership of the credit card itself often means insurance protection when travelling. "For example, at the MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business embosed cards, travel insurance is an integral part of foreign trips to all countries of the world. The holders of these cards can also insure their family with which they travel. They often waste any further arrangements," adds Kateřina Petko from Expobank CZ. However, it is always advisable to verify the scope of the insurance, i.e. whether it applies to all activities that travelers plan to do.
We are looking for motivated immigrants. The priority of the children's clinic builds an international team of doctors, we bring their stories
Albanian Ledjona Toni studied medicine in Czech and today few know that she is foreign.
Hundreds of medians from abroad are studying in the Czech Republic who could stay here and work. Get some of them tried to pediatric clinic in Motol in Prague.
In order for Tara Hussein Tayeb to arrive around five o'clock in the afternoon in the motol hospital in Prague, she had to get a lot. The Kurdka with a short-cut hair flew to the Czech Republic from Sulejmánia, the city in the northeast of Iraq, where it works as a children's doctor in the hospital and still treats small patients within private practice. In addition, he teaches at the university.
Spilková in para. In Indianapolis is after the first round on the border of the procedure
Golfist Klára Spilková is after the first round of the Tech Championship tournament in Indianapolis on the border of the advance to the final rounds. On Thursday she played two birdie, two bogey and the opening day completed in the para. With the result 72 is on the split 69th place, which is anticipated cut.
The twenty-four-year-old Spilková returned to the circuit after a two-month health break and did not pass in Portland in the second half of the tournament. The rest indulged due to fatigue and exhaustion after the transition of the disease.
The first Czech winner of the professional tournament at the European LET series is the first year of the LPGA Tour member and so far it fails. The twelve tournaments went through cut three times, the best was 32. in Hawaii. He fights the maintenance of the card for the next season.
The tournament in Indianapolis won the best Korean Hor Mi-čung. After the first round has a score -9 and lead two shots before three rivals.
The Prague Stock Exchange grew slightly, managed to Czech banks, O2 or Avastu
The Prague Stock Exchange has concluded a slight growth. The PX index increased by 0.13 percent to 1038,45 point. The top dragged the Czech bank, the telecommunications company O2 or the technological company Avast. On the contrary, the Austrian titles and media companies CME failed. This results from the results of trading on the stock exchange.
For most Friday, the Prague Stock Exchange traded in a slightly positive territory and finally ended with a small profit. "However, for the whole week he lost (index PX) slightly over one percent," said Josef Dudek from Fio banka.
Domestic banks partially corrected the decline in the past days. Komerční banka improved by 0.22 percent to 803 crowns and Moneta Money Bank by 0.41 percent to CZK 7280. Avast shares were assessed by 0.89 percent to CZK 113 and the O2 operator scored 0.46 percent to CZK 216,50.
The most securities of Kofola grew by 1.38 percent to 294 crowns. The tobacco company Philip Morris received less than a percentage, whose shares cost CZK 13 640.
The securities of CEZ energy companies stagnated on Thursday's value of CZK 520.
The losses were three titles - Erste Bank wrote 0,87 percent to 779,20 crowns, CME 0,73 percent to 109 crowns and the insurance company VIG 0,40 percent to 618 crowns.
The crown slightly weakened against both main world currencies. The euro lost four pennies to 25.85 CZK/EUR, three pennies for 23.62 CZK/USD per dollar. This results from data on Patria Online.
I have a heart as a bell and a lungs of a non-smoker. I just get a few infusion, joking Zeman
The head of the state underwent a few hours of medical examination in the Central Military Hospital (ÚVN). According to the director of the Hospital Miroslav Zavorala, doctors did not find any "chorobate states". The President will celebrate the 75th birthday on Saturday.
Doctors at the president revealed mild signs of dehydration. His low pressure problems were caused by insufficient closure. "To manage the dehydration of the body, I will give several infusion that minerals get to me in the body," Zeman said.
Otherwise, according to him, the director of ÚVN stated that "the Czech state has a healthy president". In this context, the President mentioned that Zavoral received several hateful messages due to a health examination.
According to President, doctors viewed him thoroughly and did not miss the only place on the body. "So a brief recapitulation: the heart beats as a bell, the lungs are clean as if it were not a smoker, the liver work as if I was abstinent, the kidneys are also fine and I can continue on and on," Zeman said.
iDNES.cz turned to a military hospital to comment on Zeman's declaration of his health.
The question Zeman's health has become a topic mainly at the time of last year's presidential elections or in some public performances, in which Zeman has distinct problems with walking. According to the Prague Castle, the president is poorly walking because of diabetic polyfunctional neuropathy. The problems also have low pressure and worse hears. Because of his health, smoking restricted.
Scientists in their study are looking for toddlers with congenital defects, so-called valgozity of ankles
Valgozita (axis) of ankles is congenital defect that affects five to ten percent of children. By default he is treated with intense exercise. Scientists try to help these children even more, so they have developed a special shoes that should significantly accelerate the treatment.
"We have two prototypes of shoes that will wear healthy children and children with diagnosis to map the effect in both groups. Participation in research will not have any risks and measurements will be completely painless for children," explains Marta Gimunová, Head of Research at MU Sports Studies.
Parents of both groups of children can report through the web where the registration form is available and all information.
Scientists are looking for fifty children with diagnosis and fifty children healthy. Each group will always be half wearing health shoes and half not.
"The moment your child should log in is the moment they are going to the first separate steps, they typically start, for example, the furniture they hold when attempting to walk. Participation in research involves three measurements within seven months of the first steps of the child, each takes about 20 minutes, in the middle of the participants also includes wearing tested shoes," says Gimunová.
Stika in the pond, or relatively well-being open-air museum?
Babiš chose for his optimistic view of statistics such as good security (Czech Republic is seventh in the world), low unemployment rate, low state debt. Or the indication that our country is in the quality of life from 140 evaluated countries according to one recent study.
The developer Dušan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot in a television interview on the occasion of the Architecture and Development Summit, however, also stated other whether not as "pink" data. For example, that the Czech Republic is at 154. place in the world at the speed of construction proceedings. It may happen that the current economic "boom" will leave no significant building heritage in itself as it was in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only existing legislation, but also slow, inconvenient bureaucracy. Which document the comparative studies in which the Czech Republic significantly lags in the overall quality and performance of public administration for developed countries.
Our country simply couldn't take advantage of the potential of good economic situation of recent years to invest in the future. Although it is nice that they increase salaries and pensions, but people with better life levels will also want to have where to live, modern and quickly travel, have quality cultural stands, live without unbearable ecological loads.
But in the capital city of Prague you can no longer complete the indoor and outer circuit or build a fast train or metro to the airport. And Prague has no modern, architecturally courageous national library, concert hall, or national gallery. The reason is not just an absurd drawer about architectural competition, territorial plans and building permits, but also a kind of specifically Czech conservativeism, which holds the passwords "each more courageous change is for the worse".
And when it seems that something more courageous could be promoted, it will be thwarted by it almost certainly conservationists or other somewhat artificial associations, or politicians. In absurd drama around the "blood" of Jan Kaplický designed for the new building of the National Library, President Václav Klaus even wanted to attach himself to excavators.
However, the list does not end Prague. The Czech Republic is not able to complete its backbone motorway network, nor start building train fast trains, so Germany finally decided to lead its tracks for superfast trains from Berlin to Vienna " detour" through Bavaria. In addition, in the scalrian, the repairs of existing infrastructure will be drowned. Getting quickly from Prague to Brno is now made by the bus.
Babiš came to politics with the promise that "things will arrange". When it comes to meaningful investment and acceleration of cumbersome bureaucratic procedures, it has not yet happened. Since 2018, the amendment to the Act on Acceleration of Transport Infrastructure has been valid, but on a more extensive favourable impacts of for example, the easier expropriation of land will have to wait. And the new building law approved by the government, which should be shortened by the current average length of construction proceedings from 5.4 years to one year, will begin, if we are lucky, pay allegedly since 2021. However, many people would probably not bet on it.
Un combed wants to 45 million after the state
According to the spokesperson for Vladimír Řepka, the Ministry of Justice has received six applications in this context and is now analyzes. The young man was in prison for the attack of a woman for two years, but the justice system eventually freed him from guilt.
Vacation in the case did not undergo both the highest state prosecutor Pavel Zeman and the Minister of Justice Marie Benešová.
Attempt to murder the hairdresser in Hořice became in February 2013. The Hradec State prosecutor was accused of the twenty-year-old student of the Gymnasium. The indictment claimed that the woman accidentally hit the head with a half and took her over ten thousand crowns. Seriously injured woman found her son, life saved her doctors of the Hradec hospital.
Un combed from the beginning, any guilt rejected. "I'm innocent and swear. I am honestly sorry what has become damaged, but I am not the perpetrator," said the young man in the court who did not deny that he was a fatal day in the hairdresser. He said he wanted to keep cut. But he left after the woman told him that he had already closes. He himself entered the police as a witness.
The hairdresser first did not recognize him as an aggressor during the interrogation, but later did not laugh behind the attacker. According to judicial experts, the outages of memory outages suffered from the attack.
The Hradecký Regional Court gradually brought five judgments in the case. First of the unseen twice acknowledged the guilty and imposed on him 16 years in prison, the appeal supreme court sent him a punishment for 13 years. He gradually headed for the lattice twice, but every time after the intervention of the Supreme Court he got freedom. After the ordered exchange of the judicial Senate, they eventually fell repeatedly deteriorating judgments, while the last one in March was confirmed by the Supreme Court.
However, the Chairman of the Appeal Senate Jiří Lněnička said in justification of his conclusions that this decision was bad, but due to the process situation he said he had no better opportunity. He said he rejected the appeal of the state prosecutor against the gifted verdict, although her appeal objections were justified.
"The problem of this matter is not that there would be a lack of evidence, but their evaluation. We believe that a sufficient amount of evidence was collected in the preparatory proceedings, which would be sufficient for the recognition of guilt in a different criminal matter for recognition of guilt," Lněnička said.
But the Hradec, but also the Supreme Court looked different at the case and their opinion would probably not have changed further abolition of the liberating judgment.
Epilepsy has complicated him love for sports, thanks to the surgery has a new hope
For the first time, the parents of Honzík noticed that there is not something right with him, in a year and a half. He always looked into the space for a few minutes, immortalized and did not respond to anyone. The child's doctor therefore sent him to a child's neurological clinic, where doctors after a series of examinations set out a diagnosis of epilepsy and immediately deployed medicines, which did not work immediately.
Almost a year it took than doctors found an ideal combination of drugs, thanks to which completely ceased to have seizures. At five years, so doctors planted the medication, and because they did not return, the parents considered that Honza was healthy and began to lead him more to sports. He drove his bike, skiing, played tennis and floorball, spent his free time with games with his sister and friends. In eleven years, however, he got another seizure and everything began to apply.
Doctors re-tested different combinations of drugs, but this time nothing has taken, seizures in the form of absence are constantly repeated. Since the seizure of Honza always ceased to perceive, the parents thorn the horror that he gets it in sports and removes. Gradually, Honza ceased to ride a bike and downhill skis exchanged for cross-country skiing and snowboard. Although the sport has caused him a bout from time to time, he never gave up it completely. He even fulfilled his dream and finished the race Spartan Race, but together with a friend who was constantly on his eyes to help in case of emergency.
When Honza was 15 years old, parents decided to try to change the doctor and turned to experts at the University Hospital in Motol. The local doctors concluded after a series of examinations that Honza is a candidate for surgery, which removes the bearing from the brain - a source of epileptic seizures. "I had to be in a row for 2 operations, first doctors in the brainoperated probes, which scrambled his activity, then only could you remove the bearing. It was a several-day hell for me. I had to lie only and almost not move, the wires were stuck from my head, which were connected to the computer," Honza recalls.
The surgery succeeded and doctors removed a relatively extensive bearing. "The first days after the surgery it was very mentally demanding, Honza was apathetic, confused, sad and almost did not speak. On the other hand, as it is normally alive and communicative, it was a terrifying change, but fortunately, after a few days everything returned to normal," says the mother and adds: "The moon and half after the surgery had 1 seizure, but according to doctors it happens. Since then, 3 months have been without seizure."
In this year's school year, Honza's matte, in addition to sports, enjoys his languages and began to cooperate with E, with whom he runs around schools on the discussions on epilepsy. Honza is still not involved in sports activities, starting to return slowly to sports. "I'll learn how to sport correctly, how to breathe well to not expose the body to sudden stress, which is quite a peanut with my competition," explains Honza.
This year, therefore, it will not participate in the traditional EPPI boating triathlon, where they meet the sick with epilepsy and health of the athletes and which is held this weekend on 28 September 2019 at Veselské sandpit. But next year perhaps yes.
XXX Lutz can buy the competitor Kika, allowed the office. But it has a hook
"The Office for the Protection of Competition allowed for the conditions of fulfilling the structural obligations set out in favour of maintaining the effective competition of the connection of competitors - XLCEE-Holding GmbH on the one hand, and Kika Nábytek and Lambda Properties Czechia on the other hand," said Martin Švanda, spokesperson for the Office.
XLCEE- Holding in addition to the XXX Lutz chain owns Möbelix stores. If the chain Kika was absorbed, it would occupy a large part on the Czech furniture market and accessories. Therefore, part of the buyer must sell the company.
XLCEE-Holding buys Kika branches and other countries where the chain operates, i.e. in Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. Even there, the transaction must allow antimonopoly authorities. Purchase 22 foreign branches chain Kika from holding Signa announced XXX Lutz in May. Signa took over the crashing Kiku last year for a symbolic price.
The Kika string entered the Czech market in 2005 and is a double after the Swedish company IKEA. Before the Austrian company Signa took over it, the South African company Steinhoff International Holdings belonged to the South African company. She faced problems when she revealed irregularities in her accounting. Kika has nine stores in the Czech Republic.
XXX Lutz has been active in the Czech Republic since 2010. In addition to IKEA, Sconto, Jysk or Asko-Nábytek and Kika, it is one of the largest retailers in the domestic market. The same owner has the Möbelix brand. After taking over foreign branches of Kika, XXX Lutz will operate over 300 department stores in 12 countries. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is 4.4 billion euros (about 114 billion CZK).
The library commemorates the anniversary of the death of Václav IV.
Six rare historical manuscripts from the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries, i.e. from the time of Roman and Czech King Wenceslas IV, can be viewed today and on Saturday by people in Prague's Klementinum. The National Library is released from its safes to commemorate this year's 600th anniversary of Václav's death. This morning, librarians and restorers placed a rare originals into the showcase in the Mirror Chapel. Entry to the exhibition is free, it is open both days from 10:00 to 18:00.
The exhibition of documents called Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the royal office and library of Václav IV. prepared a library together with the National Archives. The National Archives looks at the written heritage from the time of the reign of Václav IV. from the perspective of official documents and the National Library from the perspective of literary works, introduced its author Jan Vojtíšek to the exhibition.
"Visitors can enjoy, for example, the work of agriculture by Petr de Crescentiis, which is basically a kind of encyclopedia of agriculture, or a breviary, i.e. a prayer book of one of the Benedictines of the monastery of St. George at Prague Castle, from the beginning of the 15th century," said the reasons why people should look at the exhibition.
Epištoly Petra from Blois will also be exhibited, where he is depicted in the introductory miniature H (enrico) by a semi-post of the English King Henry II. The author of the decoration is most likely the Master Samson's history, which in addition to two volumes of the Bible Václav IV participated in the decoration of many other manuscripts. Visitors will also see the Latin collection of tracts John Wycliff from the period about 1411 to 1414.
No book has been preserved from the Václav IV library. According to experts, this library belonged to the largest and most beautiful book collections in Central Europe, because the young king longed for the construction of a representative library, which would cope with the book collections of his French relatives. However, the library soon ceased to exist after Václav's death. Apparently, it was stolen or destroyed during the conquering of the Hussite castle. However, several codes were saved. Most of them today their own Austrian National Library.
"We have a wide range of treasures in our collections and I am glad that they are in a state that allows their exhibiting and access to the public so-called live and not only in the form of a digital library Manuscriptorium," said Martin Kocanda, director of the National Library.
The exhibition entitled What is hidden under the floor, which represents the local archaeological discoveries, will be open on the day of Saturday's state holiday.
Kristýna Plíšková did not go to the final, the second title still escapes her.
The lung environment in Tashkent witnessed, in 2016 she won her first tournament on the WTA circuit and this year she started very sovereignly.
After the winnings with Paolini, Kawa and Kužmová fought his way between the four best players.
But the game with Alison Van Uytvancková did not appear well for Kristýna. The Belgian held his submission and broke the Plíšková service twice in the first set. In the second set Van Uytvanck went soon to lead 3:0 and the twist was no longer successful, although he managed to turn one break into it. In the last yet averted one swordball, but in the second one came the end.
Petra Černocká has changed the image and has done well! In bright hair rejuvenated
Film Saxana Petra Černocká (69) looks absolutely fantastic for his age. Although in November he celebrates the life jubilee, as a pensioner never looked. And now she helped it. He changed the image to her colleagues did not recognize her.
Actress Petra Černocká never looked like a typical grandmother, who should have hair interwoven with gray color, wearing sits and went to the company sporadically. He always took care of himself and what is older, the more he can take away in the view of his image.
Fortunately, she did not succumb to the trend of plastic operations and the skin takes care of the old good indulons. And her anti-wrinkle recipe is paid. Now but changed the color of the hair and completely proclaimed.
When she came to the social event, where the celebrities were saying goodbye to the summer, nobody could get to know Peter. Not only had a brighter and shorter hair, but still dressed in a yellow coat, which even more illuminated it.
Ladies would have to learn from Saxany, how they do not underestimate that even on the threshold of seventy can risk due. And Peter paid off, looks at fifty.
Traveler Zikmund or general Boček. The Senate gave a commemorative medal
Sixty-six-year-old Boček, who was a fighter of the British air force during the Second World War, thanked all the awarded medals for the medal. "The Senate was one of the first to not forget and forgets the war veterans," he said, among other things. "The award I have taken over today is also my friends who are no longer among us," he said.
Kubera warned in his speech before dividing society. "Let's not forget your roots that all of us, whether we want, or do not want, associate and shape. After all, our successful present is based on these values," Kubera said.
The award was Cardiologist and the most quoted Czech scientist Renata Cífková, a longtime Rector of Tomas Bata University in Zlín Petr Sáha, a geologist, writer and traveller and popularizer of science Václav Cílek, chairman of the Czech Biathlon Union and Vice President of the World Biathlon Union Jiří Hamza and František Paštěka. The upper chamber appreciated his heroism - this year in January saved his neighbor's life and his two-year granddaughter, when he pulled them out of the burning car. The Medal also received former chairmen of the upper chamber Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch.
Zikmund, together with Jiří Hanzelka, took a number of travel expeditions around the world, during which they gathered a number of documentary material. Fištejn was a commentator and director of Radio Free Europe broadcasting, now cooperates with the public media. Steigerwald also works as a playwright and screenwriter, musician Kocáb was the head of the parliamentary commission for supervision of the postponement of Soviet troops.
Medaili received an astronomer and emeritus head of the UN Office for Space Affairs Luboš Perek in July, in July on the occasion of his stables. By the end of the year they have the same award to get the Czech native and the first Foreign Minister Madeleine Albright and British philosopher and political scientist Roger Scruton, who, among other things, participated in the activities of the so-called underground university during the Communist regime in former Czechoslovakia.
The application will help equip workshops. For points obtained by movement
Equip the woodworking workshop of the Hodonín Integrated School with a new manual tool. All of them can now deserve that they will download the EPP app Help movement in their mobile phones.
"You collect points with your movement, which you will then add to the account of our project. You don't have to be a racing runner or a cyclist, the points are loading even if you go to see the dog or buy, go for a walk or walk to work," said Eva Schmidová, director of the Hodonín school. The project got among the most interesting from a huge number of other applications for the ČEZ Foundation. The application will be active only for one month.
