An unusually open and unique image of Karel Gott in Olga Špátová's feature documentary
This unique film by Olga Špátová will be released in Czech cinemas next spring.
"In mid-September last year Ivanka and Karel Gott called me and asked me if I would make a documentary about his life with Karel again after ten years. I didn't hesitate a minute! Filming with a man who lasted more than half a century on the fame of Czech culture thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and immeasurable diligence was and is a great honour for me. I accepted the invitation to make a feature documentary film about Karel Gott, who has been bringing joy to three generations of listeners through his art, as a commitment to this legendary singer," says director Olga Špátová.
The first shooting day, thanks to a quick arrangement and agreement, took place on 22 October last year and the last shots with Karel Gott were shot a few days ago. The goal was and is absolutely clear - to capture authentically Karel Gott as a phenomenal singer who gives himself to his supporters, as a painter, but also a loving husband and father of his children. A man who has been giving joy to several generations not only in our country, but also in Europe, and indeed all over the world, with his songs for sixty years. A man who has made his mark on the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The film is not meant to be a showcase of Karel Gott's indisputable fame and achievements. "Therefore, it is not even possible to compare my previous film The Gott Phenomenon with this current one. Everyone is different. At least by filming them in another stage of Karel Gott's life, and this will be very evident in his personal, even intimate confession, which he gave us and which confirmed to us all what a legend we have the opportunity to work with and spend time that is truly indescribable," adds Olga Špátová.
The artists captured Karel Gott during his performances, during meetings with his fans here and in Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, in a cottage in Bohemian Switzerland, in the village where he spent his childhood, and in other places that played an important role in his life. Thanks to the sincere openness of Karel Gott, the film will be completely authentic and unique.
"Olga has a great gift for filming with her narrow team in such a way that we often got carried away by the spontaneous atmosphere and naturally let her into our privacy, which made me talk about topics relatively intimate. She and her husband, the cameraman Jan Malíř, actually became part of our family. We originally wanted to release the film in 2019, when I celebrated the jubilee of my life. But since I still had a beautiful summer with my family, I wanted us to shoot as long as possible. Well, since there was a lot of me in 2019, my wish was that it would be released in the spring of next year. This documentary is a thank you to my supporters and all those who supported and accompanied me in my profession," says Karel Gott himself.
There are up to 60 times fewer insects than 40 years ago
No other animal class is more represented in nature than insects. Bugs, butterflies and other species make up more than half of life on Earth. But there are increasing reports that the insect kingdom is shrinking radically. Another scientific study on the subject was published just this week, and the situation is even more serious than humanity had previously realized.
The study is based on a field investigation in a tropical forest in Puerto Rico in which American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As they write at the outset of the report, insects are now "ten to sixty times fewer" in the forest. It is the decline of the whole population, not the number of species, and the research involved not only insects, but all arthropods. Due to the extinction of insects, the population of other insect-dependent fauna, such as birds, frogs and lizards, also dwindles.
The authors of the research put their conclusions in direct connection with climate change. The average air temperature in the forest, they say, has risen by two degrees Celsius over the last thirty years, and warming has become the driving force behind the collapse of the food chain. According to the authors, the study shows that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems may be much greater than previously assumed.
There was a big story about the report in the Washington Post on Monday, which reports the new findings as hyperalarming in the headline. "It's one of the most disturbing articles I've ever read," University of Connecticut entomologist David Wagner told the paper, quoting the paper as an independent expert.
The extinction of insects also affects Europe. "In our country, the decline is also of the order of magnitude," points out Lukáš Čížek from the Entomological Institute of the Academy of Sciences. In his view, however, in addition to climate change, it is also necessary to take into account changes in the landscape, which play an essential role in Europe. "It just runs significantly longer in our country than in Puerto Rico," Čížek adds to explain why scientists could measure such a rapid decline in the forest compared to the 1970s.
Czechs in Europe Ondřej Houska: Should Czechoslovakia have rejected the Munich Agreement and gone to war with Germany in 1938? Three times NO
The undated picture shows Adolf Hitler visiting the Czechoslovak border fortifications. The task of the forts was never to stop the German army, but to slow its advance before the Allies got involved.
If, almost exactly 81 years ago, Czechoslovakia had rejected the Munich Agreement and then faced a German attack, what would have knocked the most Czechoslovak soldiers out of the fight? German tanks, air force, artillery? Quite possibly it would not be either of these weapons, although in them had the Germans over the Czechoslovaks overwhelming advantage. The Czechoslovak army would probably suffer the greatest losses due to blisters.
Police union leader Stepanek resigns, wants to live as a free man
The chairman of the Independent Police Trade Union, Milan Štěpánek, has decided to leave office. Czech Radio - Radiožurnál reported on Friday. He has led the union since 2005. He'll be union president for two more months. He will remain with the police even after leaving the head of the union.
"I can confirm that this week I handed over to the Presidium my written resignation, after which I will be performing my duties fully for two more months," Štěpánek told Radiožurnál. "I've made this decision as a free man who doesn't want to be tied to a trade union forever. And who wants to live a quieter life," he said.
The Independent Trade Union of the Police of the Czech Republic brings together members and employees of the security forces or employees of the Ministry of the Interior. Among other things, the Union participated in police protests against budget cuts and petitions for better conditions for security forces. He also got into a dispute with then-Interior Minister Radek John in 2011 and organized a petition for his resignation. The leadership of the ruling coalition later agreed to John's departure.
Museum in Semily returns to the Velvet Revolution with an exhibition
An imitation of a normalization room with a television showing footage of a brutal police intervention against students on 17 November 1989 in Prague. This is also on the new exhibition of the museum in Semily, which is dedicated to the Velvet Revolution. "The bottom line is to present what happened in Semily after the events on Národní třída," said Tomáš Chvátal, the exhibition's curator.
"I would say that the atmosphere was basically the same everywhere, with the first demonstration in Semily on 22 November, and then more people were being packed in every day," he said. Among the most active at first were a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěcha, who was the only one from the town and its immediate surroundings to sign Charter 77, and Mr and Mrs Dědeček, who were expanding the petition Several Sentences. According to Chvátal, the Civic Forum was created relatively quickly. "One specificity is that there was a very strong group of local doctors at Civic Forum," the curator said.
Approximately 50 photographs should draw visitors into what was happening in the town at the time.The photographs were taken 30 years ago by Karel Bárta. A video of the general strike on 27 November 1989 filmed by František Tomíček has also been preserved, which will be looped throughout the exhibition. Ivan Hlas also spoke and sang at the demonstration. The Semily Archive also lent a number of preserved banners for the exhibition. "They said: Let's not get drunk on a bun, From trough to trough, We don't want violence," Chvátal said. Some of the changes in the town were very rapid at that time, for example in December people decided in an all-Semile vote that the square would be Riegrovo and abolished the previous name Gottwaldovo.
The exhibition also captures events before the events in November. "In the first part we present to the witnesses and students what happened before, a kind of late normalization. I think we have managed to collect unique documents from Semily, whether they are banners with various communist slogans or a bronze plaque from the museum of the workers" movement at the time," Chvátal said. One room is supposed to give a sense of what it might have been like in the living room of an ordinary household.
The last part of the exhibition deals with what happened after the Velvet Revolution. It focuses on the first free elections. "We papered one room with election posters. Those who have experienced it will reminisce over posters of With Us to Europe or there Václav Klaus is still under the auspices of OF with the beautiful motto Everyone for His Community," the curator said.
Let the fans be positive, Hašek wishes. Sparta awaits footy in Pilsen
"We're going to play to the limit, we're going to do everything we can to succeed. To manage the game and the results," promised the Spartan Martin Hašek in an interview for the club television.
In the week the goal decided the cup duel in Jihlava (2:1). Sparta advanced to the next round, which was her duty. She's relieved, but she's still in pain.
Although the season is slowly moving into the second period, football Sparta is still looking for the face that coach Václav Jílek spoke about at the beginning of his engagement.
"But it's still Sparta who have very good players. A difficult match awaits us," warns Roman Procházka from Pilsen.
When the Spartans last arrived in Sept., in mid-May, the superstructure was an unequivocal affair. The visitors left after a mindless performance with a 0-4 thrashing, the biggest in the history of the independent Czech league.
While the difference between the clubs in the table was eight points before the match, Sparta now loses nine points after ten games of the new season. He's having one of the worst starts to a season ever.
"It is not an easy situation for us or for the fans who would like to see their beloved club completely different from what it is at the moment," Hašek feels. "But we'd like them to continue to support us, stay positive and stand behind us.'
Sparta does not know if he will be able to use Tettah in Pilsen, who received a two-match penalty for his suspension in Pilsen, but appealed against him on Friday.
Costa, Dočkal, Drchal, Panák, Pulkrab, Zahustel, Krejčí and Kadlec, who is the only one from the cadre who remembers the last Spartan victory in Pilsen in 2011, remain in the numerous hospital.
The home side, who have won their last five matches, including Wednesday's cup in Hlučín, should only miss midfielder Čermák. And as captain, defender Jakub Brabec, a Spartan devotee, should lead them into the match.
Download free Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on PC, you have until Thursday
Link to both games is on Epic Store here. You can also add games to your library directly via the web, but you need to download the Epic Games Launcher client to play. You have until October 3.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original game from 2010, adding graphics and gameplay changes from the sequel Last Light.
The story based on the book of the same name by Dmitry Glukhovsky is set in 2033 in Russia after the nuclear war. The Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Humanity had to go underground, in our case to the vast Moscow metro complexes.
"Take a post-apocalyptic world and oppressive atmosphere from an unfamiliar environment, take away from the vastness of the world and add a lot of spectacular scripts and action sequences and trads: Metro 2033 is born," we wrote on Bonusweb in a period review.
Everything, on the other hand, is a relaxing non-game in a procedurally generated world that carries the message of the English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. The player can become anything, from animals to trees to the planet.
You must have JavaScript enabled to view the video.
"Terrifying study result." Islam does not belong in the West, the vast majority of Austrians think
1,200 respondents were questioned, and the survey shows considerable distrust of Islam in Austrian society.
Nearly 60 percent of Austria's population fears that some Muslims are terrorists, and 48 percent would call for a ban on the construction of mosques. For more monitoring of the centers of Islam, 80 percent are in favor.
Most Austrians also want Muslims to be restricted in their religious practices, arguing that the presence of Muslims sometimes makes them feel like foreigners in their own country.
"The result of the study is frightening," says study author Wolfgang Aschauer, adding: "Such a tendency towards ethnocentrism could eventually lead to the adoption of discriminatory attitudes. The religious freedoms granted to Muslims are in danger of being narrowed."
For believers, the critical attitude is less pronounced. Aschauer argues that Austria is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. Dialogue and education could help to blunt polarization, according to the sociologist.
According to the study, the most hostile attitudes toward Muslims are held by voters of the extreme right, people without university degrees, and senior citizens over 75 years of age. Green voters, people under the age of 30 and university students are the most welcoming.
According to estimates by the Austrian Interior Ministry, approximately 700,000 Muslims live in Austria, which has a population of roughly 8.7 million. The vast majority have Turkish roots. There are more than 400 Muslim houses of prayer and mosques in the country, and Islam has been officially recognized as a religion there since 1912.
Thomas Cook: The Czechs were thrown out of a hotel in Majorca. Guarantees were not enough
The group's Austrian, German and Polish divisions also filed for insolvency in the week. The future of the Czech branch is currently under discussion and should be decided by the end of September.
According to the Vice-Chairman of the Association of Czech Travel Agencies, Jan Papež, there are three possible solutions in play - liquidation will be announced, or the company will be sold, or a team from the Czech branch will set up a new travel agency. "Which one it will be, but it cannot be predicted, it will depend on the German owner," he told the Czech News Agency today.
In addition to two prematurely terminated tours, the TA also deals with cases where clients have had to pay for their stay on their own, although the company tries to provide guarantees to hoteliers. CK promised to reimburse its clients, according to Pope, the company has sufficient security for this.
Problems in hotels arose mainly in Majorca, where the company also asked the Czech consulate for help. In this context, the Pope described to the Czech News Agency one of the cases in which a hotel there fired all of the office's tourists. "The hotelier has not been able to determine who belongs to the German and who to the Czech society. He therefore threw everyone out of the hotel despite the fact that the Czech Neckermann provided guarantees," he said. According to Šrámek, the situation was eventually resolved.
The Czech branch of the bankrupt British group Thomas Cook increased its revenues to CZK 995 million last year, up almost 21 percent year-on-year, according to the company's annual report. It covers the accounting period from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. On the contrary, the company's net profit decreased by approximately seven million to CZK 15.3 million. However, the company has been left with an unpaid loss of almost CZK 103 million from previous years. The branch includes two basic divisions - Global Travel Lufthansa City Center in addition to CK Neckermann.
Trump considers canceling registration of Chinese stocks in U.S.
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration is considering revoking permits for Chinese firms to trade on U.S. stock markets. An informed source told Reuters today. Such a move would be a radical escalation of trade tensions between the US and China. Shares of the firms involved on the New York Stock Exchange immediately headed down after the news, dragging the entire market down with them.
The share withdrawal would be part of a broader effort to limit US investment in China, the source added. He confirmed a Bloomberg report that had sent shockwaves through financial markets shortly before. Shares of Chinese firms Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI were down two to four percent.
According to government data from February, 156 Chinese companies trade on the Nasdaq and NYSE. They also include at least 11 state-owned enterprises.
Bloomberg has pointed out that a precise mechanism has not yet been developed to ensure the withdrawal of shares of Chinese companies from US stock exchanges. Any plan would have to be approved by Trump, who has given the green light to negotiations on the matter.
China and the US have been engaged in a trade war for more than a year, imposing tariffs on each other. The dispute between the two countries has negative effects on the world economy and raises fears of a recession in the global economy. Washington is using tariffs to get Beijing to change its trade practices and reduce China's trade surplus with the US.
According to CNBC, trade talks between the US and China are expected to resume on October 10. His goal is to end the trade war.
Police charge CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangrác over promotion contracts
Police have charged the former manager of the state-run CzechTourism agency, Aleš Pangrác, over promotional contracts. Pangrác confirmed to SeznamZprávy that he took the charge this week. Czech Television (ČT) reported last year that officers are examining contracts worth CZK 38 million in the case. According to police, some of the money was going back to Pangrác, the server reports. In the case, criminal investigators were also interested in Regional Development Minister Klára Dostálová (for ANO), whose ministry CzechTourism belongs to. The investigation into the case continues, according to the site.
Detectives from the National Organized Crime Center were securing evidence in this case in the second half of last November. They were, for example, at the headquarters of the Ministry for Regional Development, at the headquarters of Czech Tourism, at the Autodrom in Most, or at the Sport Invest agency. The office computer was also taken from the minister's apartment. The court search warrant for Dostálová, which was previously cited by Czech Television, stated that the minister decided in 2016, when she was Deputy Minister, on the expenditures of Czechtourism for the benefit of selected persons through an intermediary and outside the standard official procedure. Dostálová said at the time that she felt absolutely innocent, she had no doubt, she could document everything and was fully cooperating with the police.
According to the agency, it was an individual's misconduct. The media had previously reported that he was the former director of the regional partnership department in CzechTourism, Aleš Pangrác, who was dismissed because of the audit results. As a result, the CzechTourism agency concluded 48 problematic contracts.
"Yes, I was charged. But that's all I want to say," Pangrave told the North's News List.
Vandal vandalized cemetery in Dobruška
According to the notice police received, the vandalism in the dispersal meadow inside the Dobruš cemetery was to take place on Wednesday between 1 p.m. and 5 p.m.
"The material damage was estimated at CZK 60,000. Police officers are asking any witnesses to the event to give their findings in person at the police station or by calling the toll-free number 158," police spokesperson Lucie Konečná said.
Criminals are investigating the case as criminal damage and disorderly conduct, punishable by up to three years in prison.
Hundreds of enslaved children freed from religious school in Nigeria
According to the BBC, there were nearly five hundred men and boys there, Reuters reported, citing the police commissioner, that there were over three hundred children from the age of five. Some were chained together, others were chained to iron rings in the wall.
Kaduna police chief Ali Janga told the BBC that the raid on the school was carried out on the basis of a tip-off. He called the school a house of horrors. Starving people there were held by force, tortured and sexually abused. They couldn't leave, there was razor wire over the walls. He says it's a case of slavery.
Several people were detained during the raid, according to police spokesman Jakubu Saboa, who was a teacher there.
The children told police they were taken to school by parents or relatives, saying it was a religious school. "We have identified two children who are from Burkina Faso, but most were brought here by parents from Nigerian states in the north," Sabo said of the victims" identities. Nigeria's northern states are predominantly Muslim.
Imam Ahmad bin Hanbal's school posed as a religious school dedicated to the study of the Koran.
The freed were taken to the stadium, where they are given aid and food. Some have already met relatives.
French chef sues Michelin over star removal. I suffer from depression, he claims
Famed French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star in January this year, a year after he won it. He plans to sue the publisher of the red guide to obtain the exact reasons for the demotion. Veyrat also doubts the competence of the Michelin inspectors, who he believes mistook saffron for cheddar. The first trial is scheduled to take place in November.
The chef of the famous restaurant La Maison de Bois in the Alpine region of Upper Savoy lost one of his three Michelin stars in January this year. The publisher of the prestigious guide Le Guide Michelin will be sued because he believes the commissioners" conclusion was not properly justified. In addition, the removal of the star took place without any notice. "I've been depressed for six months. How dare you play with the health of the cooks?" Veyrat said to the commissioners.
Michelin is said to have given the chef only vague reasons, such as the chef putting cheddar in the souffle, which the inspector did not like. "I put saffron in it and the gentlemen thought it was cheddar because it was yellow. I've been loving working with Savoyard ingredients since the beginning," Veyrat said. He is convinced of the strong incompetence of the Michelin commissioners: "You are fraudsters who only provoke disputes for commercial reasons." An indignant Veyrat cannot understand "how they dared to say we put cheddar in our souffle." "They also insulted our region, my employees were mad about it. We have eggs from our chickens, milk from our own cows, gardeners pick fresh herbs every morning," he said.
The distinctive chef, always wearing a black hat and dark glasses, is an opponent of the new generation of Michelin commissioners and therefore calls for his restaurant to be removed from the red guide. However, the publisher refuses. "If the business remains open and our inspectors re-select it, we will continue to recommend it," says Gwendal Poullennec, Michelin's international director.
According to Michelin, the chef's lawsuit shows that he has no meaningful accusation yet and that his lawyer is yet to help him formulate it. "We regret that Lord Veyrat is communicating rudely with us. But we will examine his comments carefully," he said.
In addition to La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart owns two other three-star restaurants.
A technically perfect mess with a weak script. Gemini with Will Smith has not exacerbated criticism
The dystopian sci-fi spectacle Gemini (Gemini Man) boasts an interesting premise - Will Smith will face his younger version in the film. According to critics, the story is the weakest part of the film. The film will hit Czech cinemas on 10 October.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is at the top of his field. It kills efficiently and without question. But one day he decides to hang up his career. Naturally, this does not sit well with his employers, who will send another assassin after Henry. The catch is that the killer is Henry himself, or rather his younger clone made of DNA. Can one determined man win a fight over himself? This time literally.
Three-time Oscar winner Ang Lee should have been a sure guarantee of quality. This is his first sci-fi, but he has extensive experience with dramatic action films, as he demonstrated in the above-mentioned Tiger and the Dragon or the western Ride with the Devil. Six writers collaborated on the script. The most famous is surely David Benioff, one of the creators of the highly successful Game of Thrones. According to initial reports, all this was not enough for a good film.
"Even though Ang Lee is trying to do great things in technical filmmaking, the film itself doesn't have enough character to highlight it," thinks Fionnuala Hannigan of Screen Daily.
"This disappointing film is less than the sum of all the talents involved. Only the technological magic of the filmmakers holds together the weak script and plot," Stephen Dalton of The Hollywood Reporter summed up his opinion.
"Gemini is a case in which a huge amount of work has resulted in an impossibly leaked action film," says Variety reviewer Peter Deburge.
"A confused product born of a bizarre idea," Ella Kemp of IndieWire summed up the film in her review.
"It is hard to care that one man is a double of another when neither behaves like a human," Nicholas Barber of The Wrap wrote.
Overview of bank accounts for children on the Czech market
Children's bank accounts are provided free of charge. However, the offer should be considered, as some other account services are already charged. "The motivation of banks to offer accounts for children whose basic management is usually free of charge is straightforward. Financial houses are counting on getting their forgiven fees back someday. With the small migration of Czechs between banks, they are probably not wrong," says Kristýna Kuncová from dTest.
"Small accounts," she says, can do almost everything that adult accounts can. The child gets his own payment card, can enter payments, monitor account movements, somewhere he has his own electronic banking. While banks set up accounts, it is up to parents to teach children how to use them and also to control their payment.
"A relatively flexible parent can set weekly or monthly limits, turn individual services on and off, etc. Above all, however, it can monitor what is happening on the account, whether by looking through the Internet or by using informational SMS. Careful, they don't have to be free anymore," Kuncová says, adding: "If a parent is considering an account for their child, they should consider their abilities and options."
Strict but fair, we enjoy the clock! That's how Beneš grammar school students see their favorite teacher writer
Humanism should be present in every good book, believes Pavel Hoza. A high school teacher of Czech and history, he is also a poet, prose writer and a builder of literary life in a small town.
Bohuslav Reynek comes to mind over Pavel Hoza's lyrics. His poetry, his paintings. The bare trees, the whitish country houses, the quivering grass, the shepherds, the sheep and goats, the old roads and the people who have walked them for centuries. Grieving, cursing, blessing. This Reynek's contemporary successor teaches Czech, literature and history at the Benešov grammar school, runs the equivalent of the Prague Viola in the local Café for a word, and organizes the Benešov Literary Festival every year.
Wife swap: Ondra's parents cruelly abused her! Ended up in an institution
It was nerve-racking. Allegedly troubled son Ondřej (9) was punished every moment by his father. "He came home from school and lied about his lunch. Lukas looked at me and said he would kneel as punishment," Lucie described in the Exchange. Papa Lukáš made little Ondra kneel in the corner for several hours! Away from the cameras, they say he had to suffer like this on a wooden foot massager! "Ondřej came to me after the shooting and told me - aunt, I'm making these troubles and comments just so I won't be here because I want to go to an institution," Lucie said, describing the moment when she fully understood what was going on behind the studio door. And the boy finally got his wish...
His condition was so serious that the family was taken away after filming and placed in the Centre of Educational Care in České Budějovice for a month. He returned briefly to his father and surrogate mother, Aneta, 28, but then went to a diagnostic institution for troubled children. "When I got home, Aneta immediately added me on Facebook, we corresponded for a while. What she was most interested in was whether we got the money. I hardly reacted to that at all. But then she texted me that the baby was in an institution, and then they gave him back, and now he's in a diagnostic room. They are both out of work," says mother Lucie from the Pilsen region.
The lightning, of course, reached out to the other side, but received only a vague response. "I'm not in the mood, I'm sick, call back later," said Aneta, hanging up the phone.
Sparta doesn't want to lose Tettah in Pilsen. She appealed her two-match suspension
Soccer-Sparta appealed against the two-match penalty for striker Benjamin Tetteh, which the player received from the disciplinary committee for suspension in Sunday's derby with Slavia (0-3).
The club tweeted the news and is now awaiting the verdict of the appeals committee.
Tetteh has already served half of his sentence in Wednesday's home cup match in Jihlava. Sparta are now aiming to allow the 22-year-old Ghanaian striker to start in Sunday's round 11 first leg in Pilsen.
The situation last October could be repeated. At that time, Olomouc appealed against the punishment of Šimon Falta, who on Thursday was distanced from the disciplinary committee for one game for suspension against Liberec.
The appeals committee did not have time to hear the case, so it postponed the effectiveness of the sentence and Falta was able to start on Saturday, paradoxically against Sparta.
The board finally upheld the one-match penalty for the Olomouc midfielder in the following week, and Falta missed the following duel with Zlín.
A disciplinarian stopped Tetteh for a foul on famer David Hovorka, for which he received a straight red card from referee Miroslav Zelinka in the 82nd minute.
The Ghanaian player's alleged spitting on his opponent's captain, Tomas Soucek, has not been proven.
Germans elected to head the football union Keller
As expected, the current head of Bundesliga side Freiburg, Fritz Keller, has become the new chairman of the German Football Association. The 62-year-old winemaker, gastronome and hotelier was elected unanimously for three years, with no opponent.
In office, Keller replaced Reinhard Grindel, who resigned in April over an affair with undeclared income. His other predecessors, Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach, will go on trial for possible bribery in the awarding of the 2006 World Cup.
Keller said one of the main goals will be to restore the union's trust and bring it out of the crisis. "It won't be a One Man Show, many people will be held accountable. The union is better than its reputation," said Keller, who presented all his tasks under the slogan: Together we can do it.
After the election to the head of the union Keller function in Freiburg left.
There was a fire in the underground CSA mine in Karviná, no one was injured
There was a fire in the underground of the CSA Mine in Karviná this morning. The cause of the fire is not yet known. No one was injured, however, Ivo Čelechovský, a spokesman for the mining company, told the Czech News Agency.
The fire broke out at 04:25 in a drift at a depth of about 1200 meters. "None of the employees were hurt, no one was injured. On the spot immediately intervened the banished rescuers, who directly intervened to extinguish the fire and carried out a survey of the terrain. The workplace was immediately closed and inaccessible," the spokesman said. The exact cause of the fire will now be determined by a special commission.
In the former Ostrava-Karviná district, coal is mined only in the Karviná part, namely in the CSA, Lazy, Darkov, ČSM-Sever and ČSM-South mines. Mining in Dole Lazy should end this year; a gradual decline awaits other mines as well. The mining company OKD is the only producer of hard coal in the Czech Republic, its last year's production amounted to 4.62 million tonnes. There are 9,000 people working in the mines.
Berlin is responding to public pressure and dealing with the housing crisis. Buys 6,000 flats from private firm
Berlin will buy 6,000 former social housing units sold by the city 15 years ago from private Luxembourg firm ADO Properties SA for 920 million euros ($23.8 billion). It responds to public pressure that is revolting against skyrocketing rent prices. According to Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher of the Left Party (Die Linke), it is the largest such buyout in the history of the German capital. The opposition has criticized the move.
"The idea is to keep rents stable in Berlin and give tenants security," Berlin Mayor Michael Müller (SPD) said in a statement. "At the same time, we will continue to build new flats and legally treat the rent freeze," he added. Municipal company Gewobag will take over thousands of apartments located in the districts of Spandau and Reinickendorf in the western part of the city this December.
According to Jefferies analyst Thomas Rothäusler, the city bought too expensively. Rothäusler told Bloomberg that, in his estimation, the housing units overpaid by roughly ten percent over their book value.
According to the German opposition party, the liberals (FDP), the Berlin authorities are contributing to real estate speculation. The FDP said in a tweet on Friday. The Alternative for Germany (AfD) protest party called the move a "waste of money."
In mid-July, Gewobag acquired 670 flats on Karl-Marx-Allee in Berlin, Der Spiegel recalled on its website. The award was not disclosed at the time. The dispute over flats on the former exhibition avenue from the time of the GDR was accompanied by protests and filled the front pages of the German press. He became a symbol of the plight of tenants in large German cities, the paper reported.
Meanwhile, the German capital used to be famous for its low cost of living and low rents. In recent years, however, it has become more attractive. According to AFP, rent prices have doubled over the past decade, making it difficult for some residents to find affordable housing.
Nokia is suing the Brno company over the name Lokia. People won't mistake us, the Moravians believe
Nokia opposed Lokia's application to the Industrial Property Office. However, according to the CCV, product confusion is unlikely.
The Brno-based company developing CCV software is facing legal action from the Finnish telecommunications equipment manufacturer Nokia. The Finns do not like the fact that the Brno company's warehouse management program is called Lokia WMS, the daily E15 reported. Nokia therefore objected to Lokia's application to the Industrial Property Office. The CCV considers that confusion is unlikely.
Marketing Director Petr Ondrášek said that the program has been used by two dozen customers and has been on the market since last September.
"The Nokia brand enjoys recognition and trust around the world. When someone attempts to register a trademark that we believe may lead to confusion or weakening of our brand, we take steps to protect our valuable asset," said Nokia spokesman Mark Durrant.
The Brno developers claim that they did not think about the brand famous for mobile phones in the past when creating the stock program. According to the CCV, the name Lokia is derived from the Latin name for a type of dragonfly, the rapid movement of which is intended to be analogous to the movement of storekeepers around a warehouse.
"On the Czech market, the possibility of confusion is unlikely. We sell modern cloud software with which companies equip their warehouse operations, and we are not really heading into the field of mobile phone production. And we do not want a comparison with a brand that may be missing the train in its field," CCV manager Tomáš Kormaňák responded at E15.
The CCV applied for trademark protection as recently as August before marketing the program to the Industrial Property Office. "It sought protection for products and services belonging to Class 9, 35 and 42, as the software belongs to Class 9, the related business management services in the warehouse belong to Class 35 and the development of computer software to Class 42 according to the international classification," said Ondrášek.
Nokia's opposition is based on the fact that the earlier Nokia trade mark is valid in all classes of goods and services and thus covers the widest possible range of goods and services and therefore, of course, also overlaps in Classes 9, 35 and 42. "The CCCV does not dispute the opposing party's assertions as to the conformity of those classes of goods and services. In reality, however, these are completely different brands aimed at other target groups," said Ondrášek.
A dispute over the brand can take months, according to E15, and can complicate the company's operations.
Sydney to London in four hours? In 2030, the possible reality
The Sabre combines a classic aircraft engine with a rocket engine. It is designed to propel the aircraft at twice the speed of Concordes. "When the Sabre engine is operational, it could allow us to reach Australia in about four hours," said Turnock. And the distance between London and New York, for example, could be covered by a plane in one hour.
The easy-easy-sa However, Sabre (Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) should deal with this problem by using super-cold helium to prevent temperatures from rising.
"The most important thing about the Sabre is that it is a hybrid rocket and aircraft engine that is powered by a stream of exhaust gases generated from the air," according to Shaun Driscoll of Reaction Engines. "The rockets have not undergone this much development in the last 70 years, while the aircraft carriers have. So if you combine the engines, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and essentially create a space plane," he said.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights expected to begin in the middle of next year. Commercial flights then around 2030.
Kovosvit is selling the administration building and other halls. Expecting a rainy day
Due to restructuring, Kovosvit ended last year with a consolidated loss of CZK 100 million, with a consolidated turnover of CZK 1.3 billion. Kuchař ranks the lack of workers and shifts of subcontractors among the main problems of last year. This year, the demand for machine tools has fallen, by 10 to 20 percent year-on-year. "This is related to the expected decrease in turnover of ten percent," said the CEO. In 2017, Kovosvit had revenues of CZK 1.3 billion and profit after tax of CZK 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit now offers several properties, halls and land for sale, which it either does not use or only minimally. This also applies to the office building, where it uses two of the five floors, and not yet fully. "Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to slim down Kovosvit and make its operations more efficient. The sale of assets is not part of any current solution, whether it is, for example, cash-flow, but part of a long-term plan where we want to devote all resources to investment development," said the CEO.
About half of Kovosvit's production is exported. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, last year to a lesser extent Asia. This year, Kuchař ranks among the most interesting in India, where Kovosvit won a contract for machines enabling five-axis machining worth 100 million crowns. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines for CZK 30 million to China. "Negotiated is another order in the same volume, which we would like to fulfil before the end of the year," Kuchař said. In the Russian market and elsewhere, Kovosvit faces restrictions due to sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centers to France, a company that is a subcontractor of Airbus. In May this year, it delivered another machine, with one more to be delivered at the end of the year or early 2020.
This year's main corporate investment was the transition of heating from steam to hot water for CZK 20 million. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average worker's wage is CZK 28,500. The company is looking for casting grinders for foundry, machine tools, turners and electricians.
The company has been owned by industrialist and armourer Jaroslav Strnad since September 2016. The company has a tradition in the production of machine tools. It was founded in 1939 by Tomáš Baťa. The company had 3,000 employees at the time.
Milan Jakubů: The army stole the funeral for itself! Says Andor Shandor
There is still some confusion surrounding the funeral of Brigadier General Milan Jakubů. The media speculated in the week that the army had planned its final farewell to the deputy director of Military Intelligence against the wishes of the bombastic family, as only soldiers can. There were also disagreements about the date of the funeral. Defense Ministry spokesman Jan Pejšek denied this.
"It's nonsense! We have been in contact with the family from the beginning, the date of Friday's funeral has been agreed from the beginning, no one has changed it. Just as military honors apply. We will only address the possible participation of the media with regard to the family," Pejšek told Blesk on Wednesday. In the end, the funeral will take place on Friday and there will be no military honors, including the overflight of the fighters.
But there is still a tense atmosphere around the final farewell to the popular general. The funeral ceremony will not be attended by people who have worked with the general in the past, according to the decision of the organizers!
For example, the former head of military intelligence Andor Šándor (62) met Milan Jakubů 17 years ago. Shandor remembers his former colleague as a hardworking, intelligent and "good guy."
In addition, he met him regularly in recent years at the celebrations of the anniversary of the founding of the Military Intelligence. That is why he would like to say goodbye to Milan Jakubů. "I personally would have gone to Milan Jakubů's funeral," Šándor told Blesk. But he can't.
"I know of other people in the organization who would like to go but are unlucky because the potentates are usurping the funeral for themselves. I think it is wrong to privatize a funeral in this way," the security expert said. Nor does he like the supposedly contemplated closing of the ceremony to the public because of the secrecy of the military leaders.
"The leadership of the army is not secret, and neither are the leaders of military intelligence, because they are promoted at Prague Castle, we see them there. If the media's information is true and the family has indeed been upstaged by the military, that is, of course, a matter for the family. I personally would never allow the army to overwhelm the family and their wishes," Šándor concluded.
Milan Jakubů died on Saturday near Špindlerův Mlýn in a car accident. The head-on collision of Milan's Rapid with a Ford Mustang was allegedly caused by the driver of the sports car, Vojtěch Ch. (31).
The amateur racer on the turn should have entered the opposite direction, Milan Jakubů apparently had no chance to prevent the collision. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the accident and may suffer the consequences for the rest of her life. Police interviewed the culprit in the accident on Thursday.
Commentary by Jan Šindelář: Managing Railways as a Company
Sky's election, though perhaps not entirely smooth, is the conclusion of a sad story about the state's inability to give the runways a clear direction. The board has been incomplete for over a year, and even after Wednesday night, that's unchanged because one of the members resigned. The provisional continues.
The selection process itself was a farce from the outset, not least because the requirements for candidates, particularly in the field of practice, were significantly relaxed. Compared to the selection last year, the requirements for the size of the company in which the candidate should have worked in the past have been reduced. First the members of the selection committee and then the supervisory board played only the role of primroses.
Nebeský submitted perhaps the weakest professional CV of the five finalists, yet without experience from a large company, he rubbed out experienced guys from the management of logistics giants and transport companies. The participation of interesting managers from the private sector was probably the brightest aspect (and the best hope) of the whole process. They now know that they have played only the role of narrative backdrops in the political game.
Maybe Sky will surprise, show great talent, and eventually prove to be the greatest track boss of all time. At least in the beginning, however, it will be accompanied by the taste of a political newsagent. ČD is not facing an easy period, it has to cope with the competition in the liberalisation of the market and the lack of employees in operation. There is a lack of drivers, shunters and mechanics. What motivation are they supposed to have for further work and respect for management when the state behaves like an elephant in a china shop in the top management?
The second important group is creditors. We will see how the games at the top of the tracks are interpreted next spring when the tracks defend the rating. What is certain is that creditors perceive instability. Sadly, someone else comes to Moody's on behalf of České dráhy to defend the rating every year. The Agency has not missed the frequent changes in the management of the railways and the political influence on the company.
The ANO movement coincides, among other things, with the slogan that the state must be run as a company. For starters, it would be enough to run one large state-owned company as a company, rather than as a state. Czech Railways still belongs to the largest companies in the country and it would be good if they were led by the best. They volunteered, but the state scorned them. It can certainly be argued that the post at the top of the railways has always been a political one. But then we can skip the antics of the selection process.
The pair wrapped the dog in tape and drowned in the river, the bag found by the children
The case took place at the end of July in the village around Valašské Klobouky. A 27-year-old woman brought home a donated dog aged one to two that she wanted to look after. But her partner, ten years her senior, didn't like the fact that she was a dog, so he decided to get rid of her.
"He wrapped the animal in duct tape and rope and eliminated its vocal expression considerably. He put the dog in the jute bag he had tied. Then they drove the animal together to the river, where it was dumped in a sack. At the moment the dog was thrown into the water, the dog was demonstrably alive," said Zlín police spokesperson Monika Kozumplíková.
The following day, children playing by the river found a jute bag on the shore. When they opened it, they found the body of a dead dog inside. So they called out to a woman who was passing by and fled. The woman reported the incident to 911.
"Due to the knowledge of the townspeople, police officers have discovered who is probably the perpetrator of this unbelievable act. And they were right. Both the man and the woman confessed to the crime and described how the incident took place," the police spokesperson said.
Expert opinion from the field of veterinary medicine confirmed that the dog died in a clearly harrowing way as a result of suffocation, when before death the animal suffered in a matter of minutes.
"Undoubtedly, the conduct of the perpetrators shows a clear intention to dispose of the animal at all costs in this reprehensible way, even if they could donate or sell the dog. The Criminal Police Commissioner from Zlín accused the pair of committing the crime of animal cruelty committed as an accomplice. The two previously unpunished defendants could spend up to three years behind bars if convicted," Kozumplíková said.
Thank you for the dance! Singer Leonard Cohen posthumously releases final album
The album Thank you for the Dance will contain unreleased material and various musical collaborations put together by the singer's son. The album will be released on November 22.
In October 2016, the album You Want it Darker was released, on which Cohen collaborated with his son Adam. He asked him to help him finish the songs. In the intimate recording, Cohen symbolically comes to terms with impending death. He died a month after the album's release at the age of 82.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen began working on the materials his father had left him. He invited a number of musicians to collaborate with him - Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mas and singer Beck.
"When we devised the music for my father's words, we used his own distinctive musical techniques. That's how he's still with us," Adam Cohen said of the album. "What amazes me most about it is the reaction of those who have heard it before. One by one they say Leonard is still alive," he added.
The album's first swallow is the short song The Goal. "I'm almost alive, I'm almost home," Cohen sings in his trademark honeyed voice. He sang of death, suspecting that he would not live to see the new material. He admitted this in an interview with The New Yorker magazine a month before his death. "I am ready to die. I hope it won't be too unpleasant," he said.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen published a collection of his father's poetry titled The Flame. It will be published in Czech under the title Flame on 31 December by Argo.
First Miss Christ finally got it together: She lost a few pounds and immediately saw through
The first modern miss from 1989 Ivana Christová (49) had for many years problems with overweight, which caused her not only physical problems, but mainly mental ones. She suffered because she had changed a lot since Miss Czechoslovakia. But now it looks like she's taken the rebukes to heart and gone into battle with the excess pounds. Even if it's a long shot.
She was a first-class beauty who conquered Paris. But thirty years have passed since then, and Ivana Christova can only remember the beauty pageant. Not just because of the fame, but because of how thin she was.
Over time, she decided not to abide by strict modeling rules, which dictated that she be as slim as possible and often not eat. She decided to stop listening and indulged in whatever she wanted.
But she went from hunger strikes to overeating, which immediately affected her figure. She tried to disguise the extra pounds with a variety of loose clothing, which added to the bulky shapes.
Now it looks like Ivana's really into herself. She had visibly lost weight, dressing tastefully and appropriately to her fuller figure.
She surprised everyone present at the christening of the book by Miloš Zapletal (75) that she has seen through it again and has already regained the features of a lovely brunette who in 1989 entered history not only as the first winner of the Miss after the revolution, but also by the controversy caused by her victory.
Christová will forever be the first beauty winner, but also the very first one to be whistled by the audience at the Palace of Culture and Sport in Ostrava as she put on her crown.
"A parody of justice." Scientist warned of cancer from pollution, sitting in Turkish jail
Sik, along with other scientists, participated in a study commissioned by the Turkish Ministry of Health between 2011 and 2015. It concluded that water, soil and food pollution in some industrial areas in the west of the country was linked to an increased incidence of cancer in the local population.
Scientists mentioned in particular the Dilovasi industrial zone, which lies about 80 kilometers from Istanbul, and which houses a number of chemical and metallurgical plants. People living around it, they say, suffer from cancer far more often than the international average.
Erdogan retaliates for coup, despite international criticism
It seemed to Sik that the government, despite the clear conclusions of the study, was taking no action on the matter. He wrote several articles about the research in the opposition daily Cumhuriyet. Authorities subsequently began prosecuting him for leaking classified information.
"The study clearly showed the extent to which water sources have been contaminated with toxic substances," Sik told reporters after the verdict. "The court's decision shows that the results of studies directly related to public health can be withheld. This is unacceptable," the scientist added.
"Instead of pursuing alarmists through the courts, the Turkish authorities should investigate this important public health problem," said Andrew Gardner of the Turkish AI branch.
Environmental and human rights organisations have long accused the Turkish government of failing to enforce environmental protection regulations despite the rapid development of industry in certain regions.
Following the foiled 2016 coup, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's regime launched a massive wave of arrests. Nearly 80,000 people are now behind bars, including a number of employees of the Cumhuriyet newspaper. The authorities have also suspended or completely dismissed 150 000 civil servants and members of the armed forces.
The opposition and human rights organizations accuse the government of using the attempted coup to persecute its opponents. But the authorities argue that these are measures necessary to ensure national security.
The fastest man on the planet missed the tests. I'm not taking anything, they're fighting back
The traditionally high-profile fight for the fastest man on the planet will be the hunt for defending champion Christian Coleman at the World Championships. The 23-year-old American is the world leader with a time of 9.81 seconds and has lost just once this year. His start at the top of the season was jeopardized by a case of missed doping tests.
The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) closed his case in early September without pressing charges on formal grounds. Coleman failed three drug tests last year and this year, but not in 12 months. His first offense was backdated by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) to 1 April 2018, the start of the second quarter, but he missed the test on 6 June. And because the third omission occurred on April 29, 2019, Coleman did not commit the offense of three missed inspections in 12 months.
Coleman pleaded that he had merely forgotten to update the data in the app about the athletes" whereabouts. "I don't do drugs or do anything legal. A lot of athletes use legal creatine or protein powder or various other supplements for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I work hard and that's what it's all about," he said before the start of the World Championships.
The only defeat of the year's six starts in the 100 was on entering the season in the Diamond League in Shanghai, where he was beaten by compatriot Noah Lyles by only six thousandths of a second. He took advantage of Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League final, but will run only two hundred at the World Championships.
On paper, the second fastest competitor with 9.86 is the 22-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who has only managed to compete in American university competitions so far.
Thirty-seven-year-old American Justin Gatlin, who clocked 9.87 at Stanford in June, will be defending the title. But he only ran the last hundred in Zagreb in 10.29 because he slightly injured his back thigh muscle.
South African Akani Simbine, three-time Rio Olympic gold medallist Andre de Grasse and European champion Zharnel Hughes are also among the favourites. The fastest Jamaican is the 2011 world champion Yohan Blake with a time of 9.96.
The men's 100 will start on Friday with preliminary rounds and heats. The semi-finals and finals are on Saturday. The medals will be run at 21:15 BST.
Plane crash near Žinkov in the Pilsen region: Two people did not survive the accident
There were two people on the plane, a man (†63) and a woman (†38). "The plane requested permission to land at the Chaloupky Airport near Klatovy at 8:30 p.m.," police spokesperson Dana Ladmanová said. This was also the last record, at that time it was supposed to be located at Vojovice near Žinkov, according to GPS coordinates.
It did not reach the airport. The search for the lost aircraft, which sent out a distress signal, immediately began. "In addition to the police, a military helicopter was involved," police spokesperson Martina Korandová said. But the search operation did not have a happy ending.
In the woods near Petrovice, near Měčín, which is about six kilometers from where the plane last registered, a helicopter crew noticed the wreckage before nine o'clock in the morning. "We found a plane and two lifeless bodies," Koranda confirmed.
The crashed machine remained partially wedged in the branches of the trees, the pieces also fell to the ground in the vicinity. "We will investigate the cause of the accident in cooperation with expert experts and employees of the Institute for Professional Investigation of Causes of Air Accidents," Korandová added.
Civilization in Borrowed Time
Recently, I remembered a beautiful "phrase" from one of the great stories by Šimek and Grossmann, set partly in a cemetery, which reads as follows: "I pointed out to her that she cries well, but on someone else's grave!" It occurred to me that many of the world's politicians engaged in the senseless fight against climate change are now behaving in much the same way.
They act as if the planet Earth is ruled by humans. In fact, we are but a speck on her surface, which she can blow out with her giant powers like a gust of wind a candle flame. Probably not many of them watch the famous British and American natural history documentaries about the destructive powers of our blue marble. After all, all one of the larger active volcanoes would have to do is "fart" and our advanced civilization would defecate.
And it is highly likely that this will happen in the near future. Many large volcanoes, in the opinion of leading volcanologists, are "charged and armed" (such as Katla in Iceland).
In a way, it would be ideal if the eruption, if it had to happen one day, happened as soon as possible. Before trillions of dollars are completely wasted on measures to reduce carbon dioxide production, because any properly angry volcano, together with dust and toxic volcanic gases, can release at least a hundred times more of it into the atmosphere than has been saved at the expense of the people of Europe.
So it makes no sense to forcibly reduce CO2 production. Moreover, it has been scientifically proven that with its significantly higher proportion in the air, plants form more biological matter and are also more resistant to drought. For humanity, any warming is considerably more favourable than, say, a rapid return of an ice age would be.
If we consider the hitherto under-explored influence of solar cycles on the Earth's climate, we must come to only one reasonable conclusion: Let us try hard to keep the Earth as clean as possible, and let us try to adapt to other changes with which we cannot measure ourselves by force at the least possible cost!
Repair of the Krkonoše Museum will be delayed for a year
The administration of the Krkonoše National Park (KRNAP) has postponed the deadline for submitting bids to the second tender for the reconstruction of the Krkonoše Museum in Vrchlabí by three weeks. The original date for opening the envelopes was 20 September, said national park spokesman Radek Drahný. The reason for the postponement of the deadline for submitting bids is a reduction of the budget from CZK 110 million to CZK 83 million.
"We are currently working with the prices that are on the market. There's been a change in the budget, it's the price we expect to be offered. If someone submits an offer that is acceptable, the work will begin as soon as possible," Drahný said.
Compared to the original plans, the start of repairs to the museum is about a year late. KRNAP wanted to have a selected supplier of the construction part by the end of last year and start construction work this spring. According to the management of the National Park Administration, the European subsidies of CZK 123 million for the project are not at risk.
The KRNAP administration is unable to select a construction company for repairs to the museum. It launched a second competition this summer because in the previous tender all bids from companies significantly exceeded the then estimated price of 65 million. Bids exceeded 100 million crowns.
The museum, which is housed in a former Augustinian monastery and belongs to the KRNAP Administration, has been closed since autumn 2017. The selected company should provide the construction part of the project. The total cost, including the construction of a new exposition, is estimated at CZK 210 million. The KRNAP visitor centre should be established in the now-cleared building by the end of 2021 after the transformation of the expositions.
The repaired museum with a new interactive exhibition, which should be a story of nature and people settled in the mountains and build on the successful exhibition Stone and Life, should serve for visitors as a representative entrance gate of the Giant Mountains. The visitor centre should provide information about the past and present of the Giant Mountains in the most comprehensible way and motivate people to discover the mountains and protect them. It should also assume the role of a traditional museum. The centre will also offer opportunities for concerts, festivals, theatre performances or open-air lectures. There are plans to build a new entrance to the building, a research room or a café.
Toyota still believes in hydrogen, preparing second-generation Mirai car
The Toyota Mirai was never meant to be just a concept. Toyota was so serious about it that even though there was virtually no hydrogen pumping infrastructure in the world, it still put it on the menu. Not to the completely standard, the customer had to really specifically go after this car, but no one else offered such a variant at the time.
Toyota's chief executive Takeshi Uchiyamada confirmed at the international hydrogen conference that a new generation will arrive next year. In fact, Toyota still believes that these cars have a future and will match the price of hybrids within a decade. Of course, this is linked to the development of petrol networks. But the future is as much about hydrogen as it is about electricity.
At the conference, the word hydrogen was often used with the needs of ecological operation not of passenger cars, but on the contrary of large tractors, boats, trains, etc. Just the kind of vehicles that need to be traversed for one long-distance refueling. Purely accumulator versions cannot offer this. Toyota could thus find new outlets thanks to great experience and long development.
It remains to be recalled that, like Toyota, Hyundai believes in hydrogen power, which now also offers a hydrogen crossover Nexo.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right shade of lipstick: There's not just one red
When choosing a red lipstick, you should first determine whether you are a warm or cold type. Try a simple test - examine the veins on your wrist. If they're blue, you're a cold type, if they're green, then you're a warm type. When choosing a new red lipstick in the first place just put on the sorting based on undertones. Watch the texture in the next one.
If you are a woman with a cold undertone, then lipsticks in purple, plum, cherry or mauve are suitable for you.
If you fall into the category of warm skin undertones, choose such lipsticks. You can tell them by the fact that they gravitate to orange, coral, gold or brown highlights.
It may happen that some veins look green and others look blue. In that case, congratulate yourself - you don't have to look at the undertone and you can only focus on your color preferences.
Purposeful rumors? Ústí zoo is looking for a new vet, no one is interested
Not since late this month. The town leadership attributes this to rumors swirling around the former zoo director and veterinarian Václav Poživil that he purposefully killed the exotic animals he cared for. For example, the female rhino Zamba, the elephant Kala and the orangutan Snooker.
The city council therefore announced a new contract. "Veterinary care for a zoo with an expected performance value of CZK 3.5 million without VAT and for the Municipal Centre for Animals in Need with an estimated performance value of CZK 2.8 million without VAT," said city spokesperson Romana Macová.
Deputy Mayor Věra Nechybová (UFO) explained that the town is announcing a competition for veterinary services for the third time. "Dr. Blowhard had to explain those unfounded suspicions. I consider it an outrageous defamation of such a quality expert," she said.
She says there are very few specialists in exotic animals. "It's certainly not pleasant. In the meantime, the zoo provides veterinary care in the form of orders," she said. Orders and contracts cost the same money. "However, the garden must comply with the Public Procurement Act in terms of financing," explained Nikola Roštejnská, spokesperson for the zoo.
Václav Poživil himself is one of the respected experts. For example, he participated in a unique operation in which the Ústí cheetah Jane was the first cheetah in the world to receive a total endoprosthesis. He served as director of the zoo from 2009 to 2012. He made no comment about the anonymous rumors against him. He didn't take phone calls or respond to text messages yesterday.
As regards the contract for the zoo, some veterinarians believe that there is not necessarily any concern about similar allegations of purpose as in his case, but simply little awareness. Jiří Král, a veterinarian in Ústí nad Labem, has never heard of it. "This is the first I've heard from you. No one approached us. That sort of thing, I think, spreads quickly," he added.
New Underground architect oversees the D line, bringing experience of the London Underground
The Prague Transport Company has selected an architect to oversee the appearance of the metropolitan metro. From October she will become Anna Švarc, her primary task will be the appearance of the new line D, but she will also be in charge of the existing station. According to her, the metro cannot be viewed only as a transport construction, travelling by underground should also bring an aesthetic experience.
The Czech architect, who participated, for example, in the reconstruction of three London Underground stations, won a tender launched by the Prague Transport Company (DPP).
In addition, 14 other bidders took part in the tender. "The selection process included a letter of motivation and a curriculum vitae. Apparently, my previous practice in London, where I created a kind of aesthetic manual for the local metro in a team of three people, decided," explains the new metro architect. In her opinion, her practice at the Institute of Planning and Development of the City of Prague could have made the same decision.
He doesn't just see the subway as a transport functional structure. The stations should also have aesthetic value.
"I have ideas about how the metro will change, how the space will improve. However, I will not know how it will realistically go until the following weeks, when the transport company will introduce me to its ideas," says Švarc.
"This is not a series of dogmas, but rather recommendations aimed primarily at maintaining the context of all stations in case they are reconstructed," the manual explains.
Whether a similar instrument is a way to improve public space in the Prague metro is a question. The Prague Metro is specific. "I really don't know yet whether the manual is an ideal or whether a personality can cover it," Švarc concludes.
Former French president Chirac will be buried on Monday, with a public commemoration on Sunday
The funeral of former French President Jacques Chirac, who died on Thursday at 86, will take place on Monday evening at the Montparnasse cemetery in Paris. This is reported by the French media, citing Chirac's family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to say goodbye to the former head of state on Sunday afternoon during a commemoration at the Invalides in Paris, where the coffin containing Chirac's remains will be on display, the Elysee Palace has announced.
Crowds have been pouring into the presidential residence since Thursday evening, according to AFP, to sign a book of condolence. That will be possible until Sunday. Then, on Monday, President Emmanuel Macron declared national mourning.
Meanwhile, there are more reactions from the world and France to the death of the former mayor of Paris and president from 1995 to 2007, whom Prime Minister Édouard Philippe now called "the Frenchman in the true sense of the word."
Chirac was remembered by the Japanese, for example, as the politician was known for his love of their country and the sport of sumo. News of the death of the former French president has appeared on the front pages of all Japanese newspapers, including sports newspapers, notes the French press.
The museum of tribal art on Paris" Quai Branly Avenue, which Chirac founded, will not charge admission for ten days in honor of the former head of state.
Opening of Pumpkin World delayed pumpkin ripening
Nová Ves u Leštiny (Havlíčkobrodsko) - The farm in Nová Ves u Leštiny in the Havlíčkobrodsko region opened the Pumpkin World for more than a month today. Decorations composed of thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins are dominated by massive orange pyramids in the garden. The autumn event, which is becoming a tradition, starts a week later this year because the pumpkins on the surrounding seven hectares of fields of the Pipka family have matured longer. There are still many of them in the field today, Pipková told the Czech News Agency.
The Pips grow many kinds of pumpkins, but the weather hasn't been good for them for the last two years. This year's harvest has been delayed and some species have not come out. "As usual, we have plenty of orange pumpkins for Halloween, but some types did not work for connoisseurs," said Pipková. Nevertheless, there are more types to choose from on the farm, from the already mentioned large pumpkins suitable for carving and gouging decorations through pumpkins for cooking hokaido or elongated "spaghetti" to ornamental pumpkins of various colours and shapes.
Pumpkin farming is laborious. Farmers hoe the plants by hand and harvest their fruit, cutting the pumpkins from the stem with scissors. Pipka's Pumpkin World has been opened regularly since 2010, last years attracted thousands of people. Pumpkin decorations are complemented by attractions made of straw or log mazes. Visitors will also see animals raised on the farm. It will be open daily until 3 November.
Details of the event are on the farm's website, where growers also offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, including pumpkin muffins or juice. Visitors themselves tell them about other possibilities of preparing pumpkins in the kitchen. "A lot of cookbooks have tried their recipes, we will be inspired too," said Pipková. She pointed out that some housekeepers also pickled squash like cucumbers.
The ministry is planning a lump sum from 2021. Nothing changes in tax terms
The Ministry of Finance is preparing an amendment to the Income Tax Act, according to which an employee would receive money for meals directly. According to the Ministry of Finance, a quarter of the employees, i.e. about a million people who do not yet receive meal vouchers, will be able to support catering.
According to the chairman of the Association of Voucher System Operators David Rýc, however, many small companies that do not have a canteen or meal vouchers provide their employees with meals, for example by importing food or agreeing with restaurants.
"The essence of the intention is that we do not change anything about the tax advantage. Furthermore, it will not pay for health and social insurance," Schiller said Friday. It added that the threshold for the maximum employer contribution applicable as a tax credit would also be maintained.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the price of a food stamp. The remaining part is paid by the employees, in some cases it is also paid by the employer, but without the tax credit. This year, the most advantageous value of a meal voucher for both employees and employers is CZK 123.
Přindiš, Prskavec and Fišerová safely advanced to the semifinals of the World Championships
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec as well as canoeist Tereza Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Seu d'Urgell. Přindiš was fourth in Friday's qualifying, Flash fifth and Fišerová eighth. Three other Czech athletes will be aiming for a semi-final start in Spain in the afternoon corrective qualifying session.
From the strong representative group of kayakers did not succeed Vavřinec Hradilek, who right at the beginning of the ride was penalized 50 seconds for improper passing of the goal. On the contrary, Přindiš and Prskavcem can relax and concentrate on Sunday's semi-finals.
"I set myself the goal of going down the first run to thirty, which I did. It's not that I don't care how I turned out, because on Sunday the start is very early in the morning, so I was hoping to be a bit higher to have a better starting position," said Přindiš and praised the comfort in Seu. "Before the patrol race I felt the worst in the 14 days we've been here. Then in the race it was good and today it was better. It's beautiful here all the time, nice races, the crowd came, so fine," he smiled.
Flash was happy, too. "In qualifying, you don't want to make an unnecessary mistake. I wasn't quite good in the first few overs. Then I did the middle excellently, without any problems and I knew I had the mileage, so there was a second mistake when I wanted to go straight down and I turned my erka. Overall, I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, we'll see how it goes," said this year's overall World Cup winner.
Both representatives praised the fact that they will start at the end of the semi-final block on Sunday. "I'm not a morning person, it's chilly here in the morning, and when you're here at eight o'clock, you need a jacket and a sweatshirt," said Nandiš. "Overall, the semi-final is an hour and a half, which is a pretty good difference from a sleep standpoint," Flash agreed.
Of the three Czech female singles skaters, only Fišerová succeeded, Eva Říhová finished two places behind the advance 20, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35. "I went down the upper part according to my wishes, in the middle part I felt that I couldn't keep up and didn't go according to plan, but I managed to get into the comfort track I wanted to take. I made two nudges and I'm just behind the winner in net time. I have a good starting position for the semi-finals," said Fišerová.
Coal gives way to both gas and nucleus. Renewables won't meet increased demand, says Europe's ExxonMobil chief
Renewable sources will not be sufficient for the Czech Republic to meet future energy demand. Due to the unsuitable climate, wind and solar power plants need to be complemented by other alternatives, such as those using natural gas.
Philippe Ducom, president of the European branch of ExxonMobil, one of the largest global oil producers, says in an interview with HN. At the same time, he mentions that large repositories to store unused energy from days when there is plenty of sun and wind are still too expensive.
Ducom visited ExxonMobil's center in Prague, where 1,200 people work, whose task is to support the company's business activities and provide logistics and other services necessary for the company's operation.
Declaration of the end of the right in the lower house or What is the "right-wing" coalition of ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
There have been recent reports in the media and commentaries about the upcoming coalition of these parties. Many applaud the fact that the "right" is finally coming together, but I rather ask why these parties still call themselves right-wing.
Apart from the new Trikolora movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a realistically right-wing party. And it doesn't matter how the subjects label themselves or what label the mainstream media parrots. The ODS is hardly centrist in its average of the party's top politicians, TOP 09 is clearly the party of the city's pseudo-liberal left (which is ashamed of its leftism and thus hypocritically describes itself as conservative or even right-wing). STAN is a party that essentially merges its conception, ideology and voter focus with TOP 09 (the reason for its existence is simply not clear to me). Indeed, the KDU has long labeled itself as centrist - but their political compass is far more to the left than they say.
Do you feel like I took everyone out of the same water? No, I am based on the real political actions of these parties. If I consider myself a classically liberal right-wing voter, the highest values for me are individual freedom, the free market and minimal state interference in the lives of individuals and the economy. How do these parties fulfil this general assumption of right-wingness? In recent years, how many laws slashing people's freedoms with the salami method, raising taxes, confirming new regulations and increasing surveillance, increasing the link to the socialist EU, or promoting environmental and gender insanity? A lot, a lot. Not their own labels, but actions identify them. These parties, despite all sorts of declarations or partial concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And that has nothing to do with right-wingism.
I would not be surprised at the coalition cooperation between TOP 09, STAN and KDU, they simply belong together on the political map and, with the exception of Christian or homosexual and gender aspects, I basically do not see an obvious difference for voters in terms of the state's influence on their lives. Nevertheless, the ODS has long portrayed itself as "the only right-wing" and, by associating itself with these three entities, is already openly revealing its true political affiliation.
By the way, when I briefly mentioned the stickers. Have you noticed how often all these parties quite consistently and cheaply refer to critics of dirigisme and socialism coming from the European Union as pro-Russian agents? Can't or just don't want to understand that there are many people who don't like Eurosocialism and growing disenfranchisement as much as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Aren't they hiding their utter incompetence and their gratuitous or blind adoration of the EU?
In short, it is possible that in the Czech Republic other than centrist politics has no chance of greater success. Maybe this is what voters really want. Perhaps they want left-of-center politics under the guise of the "right," because they are ashamed (or unable) to identify their political beliefs. I don't know. I'm certainly not one of those voters.
Unexplained death of a girl (†8) in Příbram region: No punishment for the culprit
Unsolved cases are called "monuments" in criminology slang. But these, too, are investigated if new information emerges years later. Especially when it comes to the death of a child. In 1980, the criminalist Jiří Markovič was able to investigate the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokopské údolí, which was then 12 years old. "A case from 1955? That will be difficult, very difficult. We'd have to find a file to start with, it may no longer exist, talk to those who investigated. There is always hope, but it would be really difficult," Markovic says.
Under the previous regime, the public was not informed much about violent crimes, but according to Markovič, that certainly does not mean that they were investigated laxly. "It was always up to specific people," the criminologist thinks. The problem may be that material from the 1950s may be destroyed, although pending cases should not be shredded.
Lucie White's father wasn't a fan. You won't believe what she was supposed to do for a living!
Who doesn't know that the national treasure Lucie Bílá (53) is originally a seamstress by profession and her real name is Hana Zaňáková, she probably doesn't live in the Czech Republic. But the singer herself has now revealed that she almost worked in a glass factory!
Lucie Bílá knew from a relatively young age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love of singing was born when she was a little girl performing in a cultural house in her native Otvovice, where the warbler still lives.
"And I remember exactly where my mother sat. That's when the singer was born in me," she admitted to Impulse Radio.
Her father, however, was a little worried about his daughter's future and advised her to pursue a craft that had a golden bottom.
"Dad always said, "Craft girl, craft. Walk with your feet on the ground!" He even talked me into going to the local glassworks. The glassworks doesn't work anymore, I kind of do. I am a trained seamstress and at home I make various beads and pendants from beads, which I then auction at auctions and use the money to buy wheelchairs," she added with a laugh.
The launch of the new toll is not in jeopardy, Kremlík reports. But a change of operator is at play
On Friday, the Ministry of Transport started preparations for a new tender for the operation of the new toll system. It is a contingency plan that would be used by the state if the current toll contract were definitively cancelled. In addition, the state is preparing other temporary solutions should the tender not be completed in time. Czech Transport Minister Vladimír Kremlík (for ANO) said on Facebook.
On Thursday, the Office for the Protection of Competition (ÚOHS) banned the performance of the toll contract between the state and the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium, with a one-year grace period. The Ministry will file an appeal.
"There is no threat to the launch of the new toll collection system. Starting today, we are launching the preparation of a new transparent procurement procedure, the subject of which will be the services of the operation of the new toll system, which is now being completed by the CzechToll and SkyToll consortium," said the Minister.
The state would thus be looking for the operator of the toll currently being prepared, which will be launched from this December. It would therefore not be a competition for a completely new tolling system, as was the case with the last tender, nor would it be a use of the old system now operated by Kapsch.
According to Kremlík, however, the ministry is also preparing for the fact that it would not be able to prepare the new tender in time. "Based on the existing experience with the course of the toll tender, I am deeply convinced that the ÚOHS is wrong and that it is not objectively possible to prepare and implement such a complex procurement procedure within the period of 12 months and to hand over the operation of the toll system to a new operator," he said.
In addition to the new procurement procedure, the Ministry will prepare a provisional solution that would resolve the collection of tolls for a transitional period until the state finds a fully-fledged form of solution.
The state will probably not take advantage of the offer submitted by the current toll administrator Kapsch in recent days. The Austrian firm offered the State the operation of the existing system in case the toll contract was cancelled.
At the same time, Kremlík reiterated that he believes there will be no need for a backup plan. The Ministry will therefore file an appeal against the decision of the antitrust authority.
On Thursday, the Office issued a decision banning the performance of the toll contract. But the ban will not take effect until a year after the authority's decision becomes final. This does not have the force of res judicata and may be appealed to the President of the Office. Therefore, the Ministry and CzechToll continue to prepare a new toll, which should be launched in December.
Last year's tender for the new toll system and its operator was won by the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium. It succeeded in the toll tender with an offer of CZK 10.75 billion for ten-year operation. The current operator Kapsch, which failed in the tender with an offer of over CZK 13 billion, protested against the tender and the validity of the toll contract.
I still see myself as a boy who is just settling down, says Jan Cina
"That was a big school for everyone who worked on it. I fell in love with Afro dancing there. The fact that I have something Romani in me after my father completely fascinated me," said Jan Cina, who considers himself mainly a musical actor.
Much more recent memories than the series First Step have of the role of a painter in the new film National Class. Cina revealed that director Štěpán Altrichter must have tempted him a lot. "It was hard work, but the result is worth it. The film was made a year ago. Hard and honest, but fun at the same time. It was filmed on National Avenue, where I drove as a non-driver. There was also a lot of filming in the South Town in Prague," he said of the Czech-German co-production film.
Although he is nominated for the Thalia Award for his role in the production of The Little Prince, he does not consider it the pinnacle of his career. "I don't feel that way. I still see myself as a guy who's just settling down. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I can see the peak far ahead of me," he said, noting that he hadn't even thought about the acceptance speech in case of victory. "Not really, but as a kid, listening to talk shows on the radio, I always imagined myself speaking to people."
Jan Cina has been living with his colleague Petr Vančura for thirteen years. What's his formula for a happy relationship? "Love each other and see problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," he revealed, recalling the Czech Lions awards when his friend fell on the stairs.
"Yes, it really happened. He was wearing new slippery shoes, and the red carpet was slippery, too. So it wasn't long before he was on the ground. He was able to make it a priority. He had a workshop on the Vanchur Stairs, where he taught how to safely fall down the stairs at VIP events."
Children's zoo rejoices in baby macaque
"Our group currently consists of seven members. Her youngest member was born on August 17, born to a female, Buffy, and is her fifth cub, fathered by a male, Hitam. For the first few days after giving birth, the female carried the cub tightly against her body and for a long time did not want to show the world whether she had given birth to a male or a female. At roughly three weeks of the cub's age, however, she began to gradually postpone it for a little while, and the zookeepers have known for a few days that it is a male," said zoo spokesperson Alena Houšková, adding that the zoo in Děčín has successfully bred 12 cubs of this species.
Crested macaques are so-called endemic to the island of Sulawesi, i.e. they do not live in the wild elsewhere in the world. A typical feature is the black fur and the plume on the head from which they are named. Crested macaques live in the rainforest, especially at lower altitudes.
Like most primates, it feeds on plant and animal food. The menu is very strongly dominated by the fruits of the forest trees, which complement the flowers and leaves. The need for protein is solved by eating small arthropods, larvae and, to a lesser extent, birds" eggs and chicks.
"Aside from the natural enemies, which are pythons, everything else has been written down by man. The locals hunt macaques as a favourite prey with tasty meat and for fur. The burning and felling of the rainforest is also fatal for these animals," the spokesperson added.
Germany reports the first case of West Nile disease from a mosquito on its territory. It's linked to climate change
In addition to West Nile fever, mosquitoes can also transmit malaria.
Germany on Friday reported the first case of a person contracting West Nile fever on German territory after being bitten by an infected mosquito. DPA reported the news. Until now, all sufferers have contracted the virus through travel or contact with sick animals. According to experts, the landmark case of the disease is linked to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute said a 70-year-old man from Saxony had contracted the virus. His illness was severe and he was treated for brain inflammation in a hospital in Leipzig. He's healthy now.
West Nile virus was first detected in 1937 in Uganda. In the meantime, it spread to large parts of Africa, Asia and Europe, and in the 1990s to the United States. Its carriers are mainly birds and also mosquitoes, which are infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state-owned companies are to undergo a new selection process. Law to be circumvented, opposition says
"This is a typical bill that is unnecessary," said Zbyněk Stanjura, chairman of the ODS parliamentary club.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the Chamber of Deputies approved changes to prevent the opaque allocation of functions in state-owned companies in the future - critics speak of newsagents. Candidates should now go through the selection process at the given ministry and will also be assessed by the Government Committee for Personnel Nominations.
However, it is a compromise solution that the ODS, for example, does not like, because it will allegedly allow ministers to make excuses that the selection committees are to blame for any poor selection of state managers. Moreover, the opinion of the Committee will not be binding on the Minister. The report still needs to be approved by the Senate and signed by Czech President Miloš Zeman.
Přerov: Driver crashed near the village of Kokory: He died wedged in his Fabia
The tragic traffic accident occurred on Friday on a flat stretch between Přerov and the village of Kokory. A 28-year-old fabia driver couldn't handle the tailgate and went off the road. The car flipped onto its roof, leaving him wedged underneath. He did not survive his injuries.
"According to the initial information obtained at the scene, a passenger vehicle travelling in the direction of Kokory went off the road, where it rolled onto the roof and the driver remained wedged under the vehicle," Přerov police spokesperson Miluše Zajícová told news server novinky.cz.
And where are the viewers? Doha can't be London
At the same time, however, it is a step backwards, as on the pilgrimage to Doha, athletics voluntarily and consciously renounced the riveting atmosphere that prevailed at the sold-out London 2017 stadium and last year's European Championships in Berlin.
Giant banners on the walls of Doha's skyscrapers hail the "biggest sporting event of 2019." However, concerns about how dignified its backdrop will be are growing.
"Goal tickets are sold out for all evenings," organizers say.
But that's too little.
The upper gallery of the Khalifa Stadium, with a total capacity of 40,000 spectators, is already covered with brightly colored tarps, which also feature the flags of the 209 participating countries. In Qatar, athletics has gone into territory where it has no roots despite the annual Diamond League meeting.
No wonder, then, that last week only 50,000 tickets were sold for ten days of the Championships, although their price started at 60 Qatari rials, i.e. less than 400 crowns.
The organizers now set the goal that the uncovered parts of the stands should be at least half full. That is why, according to sources in the British newspaper Giuardian, they are allegedly (although the organizers themselves deny this) handing out free tickets to migrants who work as workers here, as well as to children. Which Sebastian Coe, head of the IAAF athletics association, can also comment positively: "That's how we can inspire future generations."
Wealthy Qatar has won world championships in handball and cycling in the past, followed by athletics in football in 2022. Even for wealthy sports federations, the oil major's financial offers will always be lucrative. That is the reality of today's sporting world.
But even if we accept it and ignore the absence of fans from the stadium, we can't help but sigh in sport that the experiment with the first outdoor World Athletics Championships in the Arabian Peninsula should have been timed better - and for another year. The extremely late deadline, imposed by the climate, disrupts the whole pattern of the season in the pre-Olympic year and thus the preparation for the key Olympic season, which would normally start in October for athletes.
Perhaps Qatar will at least make up for it with technological innovations that promise ultra-modern and attractive championships. It's 98 degrees right now? Already the area of the stadium is artificially air-conditioned to twenty-four. And the advanced cameras, built directly into the blocks, are designed to give TV viewers a detailed view of what is going on in the athletes in the hundredths of a second before and just after the starter's shot.
Sparta is really packed this year, acknowledges the Hradec bek Nedomlel
In his case, the increased motivation is more than understandable. Hradec hockey defender Richard Nedomlel will play in Friday's match against the club where he recently played. However, the former Spartan is convinced that his teammates will be in the same situation, even though they have never worn the jersey of the Prague club.
"Everyone wants to pull off against Sparta," says Hradec before the match of the 5th extra-time round.
Hradec Králové will try to stretch his winning streak, which at the moment is three three-point wins in a row. After Kladno, Pilsen came the most appreciated fans on Sunday, Mountfield went to the neighbouring Pardubice.
"But we can't watch the games that have been. We need to concentrate on the matches that await us now and play in them in the same way, if not better," points out the Hradec defender.
The Hradec should not look back on last year's record with Sparta. They lost in three of their four matches, taking points only once after winning in Prague after extra time. In addition, the management of Sparta brought several significant reinforcements in the summer and expects the team to return to the top.
"Sparta has always had quality players, but this year they are really packed," admits Nedomlel before the first game at the end of this week.
And the other? Also a nice shift, waiting at Mountfield on Sunday afternoon in the Thirties.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has hidden bitcoins and doesn't know what to do with them
Venezuela's central bank is conducting internal tests to determine whether it can hold cryptocurrencies. It is responding to an instruction from the state-owned Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which aims to be able to send bitcoins and ethers to the central bank and then have the bank pay the oil firm's suppliers with cryptocurrencies. Employees are also studying a proposal to allow the central bank to factor cryptocurrencies into foreign-exchange reserves, which are now near a 30-year low. Citing information from four sources, Bloomberg reported.
The sanctions imposed by the United States against President Nicolás Maduro's authoritarian regime have largely cut Venezuela off from the global financial system. This further exacerbated the economic crisis in the country. Meanwhile, the current crisis is one of the most serious globally, forcing officials to use a patchwork of different ways to move money. While Maduro's efforts to launch the world's first state-owned cryptocurrency have failed, ongoing efforts to use digital currencies show how desperately the government is trying to find ways around restrictions.
Neither the Central Bank of Venezuela nor PDVSA responded to a request for comment.
It is not clear how PDVSA came by its own bitcoins and ethers, or how much value it owns of those currencies. The company has difficulties in obtaining payments from customers through conventional channels because the big banks are unwilling to do business with entities subject to sanctions. Last month, the firm received most of the $700 million ($16.6 billion) payment in Chinese yuan as the parties failed to find financial institutions to enable the transaction.
PDVSA may not be keen to sell cryptocurrencies on the open market, because that would require it to register on the stock exchange and submit to due diligence, the so-called due diligence. Instead, it wants the cryptocurrency to be used by the central bank and paid with it to entities owed by PDVSA. Officials at the oil firm believe that the central bank is less exposed to any obstacles that might arise when paying with cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoins and ethers use a decentralized online ledger known as the blockchain to verify and record transactions. In some cases, relatively anonymous transfers are possible without the need for an intermediary. Few banks engage in digital currencies because of problems with money laundering and the client information associated with it, complicating compliance.
Cryptocurrencies are enjoying a return to the limelight this year after the 2018 debacle thanks to expectations of their greater adoption by institutions and Facebook's plan to come up with its own cryptocurrency. Even so, they remain unstable. Bitcoin has fallen almost 20 percent in the last four days, but it has gained about 130 percent since the beginning of the year.
Neckermann cancels all flights, affecting five hundred Czech clients
Neckermann cancels flights in connection with the insolvency of both British Thomas Cook and his German daughter.
"The Czech company Thomas Cook, s. r. o., acting under the business name Neckermann Cestovní kancelář, did not file an insolvency petition," Šrámek said in a press release.
"However, CK Neckermann is forced to continue cancelling the scheduled departures of its clients," he added, adding that this currently applies to all departures from 26 September to 6 October.
According to Šrámek, roughly 500 clients will be affected by the cancellation of flights. He said the 800 clients of Neckermann who are currently abroad "will be taken care of and their safe return to the Czech Republic will be ensured on their scheduled flight."
The travel agency admitted that some clients were asked to pay for their stay. "In such a case, it is necessary for clients to contact the CK Neckermann SOS line immediately," added Šrámek.
The collapse of Thomas Cook took place on Monday. Meanwhile, in August this year, the travel agency concluded an agreement under which creditors were to inject £900m into the firm.
She was to receive half of the sum from the Chinese firm Fosun Tourism. As a result, it was to become the majority owner. The other half was to be provided by bondholders and creditor banks. As early as 20 September, however, it was reported that creditors had demanded the travel agent raise a reserve of £200million or the deal was off. On Monday, the company announced that it had gone bankrupt.
Someone killed a homeless woman under the bridge. Police are looking for witnesses
According to Prague police, the murder took place sometime during the early evening to the night of Tuesday. It is to this time that the police call for possible testimony relates.
"One of the drivers who drove along the bridge connecting Libeň and Žižkov or along Pod Krejcárkem Street could have filmed the killer, for example, on a dashcam. Maybe a witness could just see him and describe him. In short, we will welcome any testimony about this case and accept it on line 158," said Jan Daněk, spokesperson for the Regional Police Directorate.
According to Daněk, the murdered homeless woman was non-confrontational, did not drink alcohol and did not seek the company of other people. The woman lived at the scene. "She was most often in the vicinity of Krejcárek, Palmovka and Holešovice, when she was carrying large blue shopping bags," Daněk said, adding a description of the victim that could also help potential witnesses.
Slovaks succeed, only pay a fine for racist insults
The Slovak Football Association has succeeded in appealing against the stadium's closure for fan racism. The team was originally supposed to play a European Championship qualifier against Wales without spectators, instead the union will now only pay a fine of €15,000 (about £387,000).
The UEFA Disciplinary Committee sanctioned Slovakia and Hungary for the behaviour of the fans during the recent mutual qualifying match in Budapest, which the visiting wards of Czech coach Pavel Hapal won 2-1. It closed the stadium for one match and fined Slovakia €20,000 and Hungary €67,000.
Slovaks were fined only €15,000 after appealing for insulting political chants. The national team's closest game in qualifying for the European Championship with Wales on 10 October in Trnava will thus be made available to fans.
Women's basketball players failed to reach the medal in the under-17 World Championship, finishing fourth
The American women also won the third World Cup, beating Spain 77-75 in the final despite 40 points from Angela Salvadores.
"We really wanted to win and not be potato, but maybe we wanted it too much. We caught the beginning, but we couldn't keep it up because they overwhelmed us under the basket," said the captain Karolína Malečková. "However, playing in front of such an audience was an incredible experience," she praised the fans in Klatovy and Pilsen.
The Czechs started very well, taking an 8-0 lead thanks to two 3-pointers and dominating the field throughout the first quarter. At that point, she appeared to repay her opponents" 85-88 defeat of the group stage after overtime. But the referees gave them 15 fouls at half-time and disputed decisions helped Hungary get back into the game with a 12-2 run.
"I'm convinced that all I had to do was score two or three more baskets, run away to 20 points and we wouldn't let go. But instead, our mistakes came. I am not interested in referees, but in what we did wrong and there were mistakes that helped the opponent to catch on," coach Richard Fousek evaluated.
"It wasn't the first time we had a lapse in concentration. But the girls are fighters, they didn't release anything and they fought to the end. But the opponent was very good," he added.
The Czechs kept in the game especially Petra Holešínská with accurate shooting from a distance and the pivot Tereza Šípová. However, the Czech top scorer had a problem with fouls and was absent from the field for a large part of the third quarter. The Hungarians took advantage and gained a slight lead, which they had already held, even though the Czechs fought until the last seconds.
"For us, the first five games were very difficult, we turned the games in a tight rotation and it cost us a lot of strength. Already against Spain you could see that the girls were tired and there was no place to take. We weren't consistent defensively because of our physicality. We didn't play a quick counter-attack, we missed the rebound. And the Hungarians are so good that if you don't put everything together, it's hard to win," Fousek said.
He believes his charges have a promising future. "In two years the girls have managed to win the Youth Olympics, to be second in the 16-year-old European Championships and now they are fourth in the world. By our standards, they are a quality team with good character and it is necessary to continue to work with them and develop their talent. Now it is up to the federation which coach they will assign to them in the higher categories," added Fousek.
The End of Political Tramps? The new law won't help, according to critics!
But according to some opposition MPs, the law is more conducive to ministers relieving themselves of responsibility for the election while continuing to choose their candidates.
Greater transparency in selection procedures for posts in state-owned companies - this is one of the objectives of the Nomination Act. There were 119 MPs in favour. The law passed, for example, thanks to the votes of ANO, KSČM, the Social Democrats and even the Pirates.
Candidates for state-owned companies will have to go through a selection process before a government committee. For example, it was the Pirates who sought to make the recommendation to the minister binding. That didn't work out.
The Civic Democrats and the SPD are concerned that the nomination law will play into the hands of ministers. "The minister will now be able to hide behind a commission decision and will not have a clear transparent responsibility," says Tomio Okamura, chairman of the SPD. ODS Vice-Chair Martin Kupka speaks in a similar way.
A government committee should completely reject candidates who do not meet the conditions. These will include criminal integrity, debt-free status, a minimum age of 25, and professionalism should be the main selection criterion.
The bill will still have to pass the Senate and then get signed by the president.
Tough competition for Skoda Kamiq. Kia XCeed bets on rich equipment, at what price?
The Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult model to classify. It is clearly a compact SUV, but it does not offer all-wheel drive. This item leaves to the larger sibling Sportage, which is such a direct answer to cars like the Skoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X or Volkswagen Tiguan. In comparison, XCeed also bets on more dynamic body shapes, which by sloping the rear can vaguely resemble the world of SUV-coupés, popular in this part of the market especially among premium brands Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz.
On the other hand, the XCeed cannot be classified only alongside plastic versions of classic compacts, such as the Ford Focus Active. Compared to him, the Koreans made a much larger number of changes to the bodywork, so who does not want, Ceed in the shapes of the novelty may not even see.
Unlike the compact hatchback or the Ceed estate, the XCeed is also offered exclusively with turbocharged engines, so don't expect a basic atmospheric 14-seater. The XCeed launches with a turbocharged litre and also offers a turbocharged sixteen-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-pound version, reserved for siblings of the GT. Don't expect a sports degree here. The 1.6 CRDi turbo diesels are only available in mild-hybrid versions, i.e. the internal combustion engine is assisted by an electrical system to help reduce consumption and emissions. From 100 kW it is also possible to pay for a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic in addition to the manual.
Soon, the offer will grow with a plug-in hybrid, a variant that travels roughly six dozen kilometers on electricity alone. The battery can then be charged from a normal socket.
Simona Krain: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucie White!
The day before the christening of the Fuck The Age calendar, Simona Krain posted her last pictures of herself completely naked! "I was a bit afraid of people judging me for taking nude pictures at my age. I'm a very shy person. But so far I've only had positive reactions. I wanted to show women that when you want to, you can have a solid figure at 46. There's hard work and self-denial behind it, of course, but there's no other way."
"Lukáš Dvořák and I took about three thousand pictures, chose about a hundred and there are twelve in the calendar, so the rest are still waiting for their moment. It's definitely not the last time I'll be naked," the model, who also came very exposed for her baptism, told Blesk.
She was wearing an elongated Bernhardt jacket with shorts underneath, but they didn't show, so it looked like she'd forgotten her bottom. Running every day has made her legs stronger, and she can afford models like this.
Simone was so pleased with her success that she kissed everyone she met at the christening. Husband, friends, even Slavica Lucie Bílá.
Auto tuner brought voice of digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, says the headline of a long text written for the Huffington Post by Michael Hobbes and photographed by Finlay Mackay. In a provocative post-explanation, it says that the medical community ignored the facts about obesity for decades and waged a fierce (and also unnecessary) war against overweight people that not only scarred public opinion, but also destroyed many lives. But now is the time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes states at the outset is that there is often a very long and tedious journey from knowing and knowing the facts to putting them into practice. He mentions the case of scurvy, when some captains, as early as the seventeenth century, handed out lemons, limes, and oranges to their crews, believing that this would prevent disease. However, the British Navy withdrew from the practice due to fears of increased costs. The clear influence of fruit in the prevention and treatment of disease was then demonstrated in the mid-18th century, but it took another fifty years for the Navy to take this into account. Even seat belts existed long before the invention of the car, but became mandatory only in the 1960s, just as the first confirmed asbestos-related death dates back to 1906, yet its first ban came in 1973.
"Any public health discovery - no matter how significant - has always had to compete with traditions, prejudices, and financial incentives within the society into which it was to be implemented," Hobbes writes. In American society, nearly 80 percent of the adult population and about one-third of children now meet the definition of overweight or obesity. More Americans now live with obesity than with breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and HIV combined.
Meanwhile, obesity is viewed as an eminently personal failure on the part of the individual, who is said to be straining health care and reducing GDP. The fear of fat is so great in the population that Americans now spend more money on diets than they spend on computer games and movies. But the truth is that diets don't work. As far back as 1959, research showed that 95 to 98% of attempts to lose weight ended in failure, and two-thirds of people on a diet subsequently gained more weight than they lost.
Armed with statistics, Hobbes goes on to describe the lifestyle and traumas of overweight people. The personal meets the systemic one, where, for example, only 19 hours of the entire study are devoted to nutrition issues at the faculties when teaching future doctors. Which is when the 60 calorie process that Americans take in comes from ultra-processed food - that is, over-processed food.
How stigmatized obesity is, in turn, illustrated by reports from surgeries, where overweight people typically experience shorter checkups, are treated with less empathy by doctors, and are viewed as more problematic patients.
But being overweight is far from just an American problem, as Hobbes writes.Since 1980, the proportion of obesity has doubled in 73 countries around the world and increased in 113. And in that time, no country has managed to reduce and halt that increase. Absolutely none.
The Brno Grand Prix? Ticket hikes are imminent
The most expensive item is the annual listing fee before the Grand Prix. This year it was about a hundred and fifteen million crowns. "A mass of people who come to Brno during the Grand Prix will spend money on accommodation, food or entertainment, which should more or less offset the costs associated with organizing the event, including the registration fee," said economist Petr Pelc.
According to him, the importance of the race is also in attracting tourists to the city. "Brno doesn't have that many world-class tourist attractions. The big prize attracts visitors from abroad as well. It is as important for Brno as, for example, the Turin airport or the exhibition centre. And these are projects that are supported with public money," the economist added.
Grand Prix in Brno
- costs for the past five years: CZK 686 million
- profits from the past five years: CZK 682 million
- problem: lack of money for organizing, increasing registration fee for the promoter company Dorna
- possible solutions: more money from the state, use of advertising space, increase of ticket prices
- state of play: negotiations on a new contract for the organisation of races for the next five years
According to the Director of the Institute of Public Administration Filip Hrůza, the organizers must now evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. "Grand Prix sucks money out of public budgets for other things. To a certain extent, however, this is a political and not an economic issue," he thinks.
In the future, the cost of a motoring event may be even higher. The option of increasing the listing fee to almost double is in play.
"The situation is not closed, we must try to negotiate the best possible conditions with Dorna. It also depends on the extent to which the state is prepared to contribute to the organization of the race. If the worst-case scenarios were to materialize, I am afraid it is not realistic for the city and the region to pay the amount," admitted Brno Mayor Markéta Vaňková.
As Deník Rovnost has already reported, representatives of the South Moravian Region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising due to difficulties in obtaining money for the Grand Prix. "Dorn's condition is that advertising must be placed in places that don't have cameras. The selection of companies is also limited, because if Dorna has a general sponsor, then the second sponsor cannot be a company from the same area," Vaňková explained.
Organizers can also get more money from tickets in the coming years. "We have to sit down and say what the cost is going to be. And we must adapt the revaluation of tickets accordingly," said former Mayor Petr Vokřál, an opposition representative for the ANO movement in Brno.
D5 crash: Motorway closed by truck collision
The incident was reported around 08:00 on the 22nd kilometer in the direction of Prague. "The highway is closed, at least to freight traffic. Passenger cars can go through a gas station," police spokeswoman Michaela Richterová said this morning. Traffic was restored around 14:30. According to Richterová, the preliminary damage is at least CZK 2 million and police officers are investigating the cause of the accident.
Central Bohemian fire department spokesman Petr Svoboda said one truck was carrying passenger vehicles and the other was carrying plastic granulate. "Due to the large impact, the transported vehicles were moved, which firefighters first had to secure against a possible fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank, leaking about 200 liters of diesel. Another 200 litres were pumped out by firefighters. Workers from the Beroun City Council's environmental department were called to the accident due to a fuel leak. The recovery of the crashed vehicles and the clearing of the highway was ensured by a private company, which also extracted contaminated soil.
Failed to qualify. Czech athletes fail so far in Doha
The World Championships in Doha began with qualification setbacks for Czech athletics. Diana Mezuliáníková lost out in the 800 metres heats and the pole vaulter Romana Maláčová and the hammer thrower Kateřina Šafránková failed to qualify, defending the eighth place she had surprised the previous year in London.
The hurdler Vít Müller will take part in the run-up on Friday and Marcela Joglová will run the night marathon race.
Šafránková threw 65.46 meters with her third attempt and fell almost six meters behind her season's best, which she would have to improve to advance. Maláčová jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was too much for her. To participate in the final, it was necessary to climb the limit of 460 cm.
Mezulianikova, who got to the championship at the last minute thanks to an invitation from the international federation IAAF, finished in the fourth heat on the penultimate sixth place and even the time of 2:03.48 minutes was not enough for her to advance to the semifinals. It fell short of its season high by one and a half seconds. "It was quite fast for me, unfortunately I was fighting my opponent on the turn, which took my strength. I thought I still had the strength, but there it slowed me down. I almost stopped and had to start running again, so that was a little awkward. I cannot be completely satisfied," said the Czech athlete.
She was glad to pass at least one opponent at the finish line. "She really wasn't in a good place, so any defeated opponent was good. But I think it was for the fifth place. Unfortunately," she said. The fastest half-back in the heats was Winnie Nanyondo of Uganda in 2:00.36.
South Africa's top eight-year-old Caster Semenya, who has too much testosterone in her body, is absent from Doha but, like some other runners, is refusing the treatment mandated by IAAF rules from this year.
In the 100 metres, American Christian Coleman confirmed his role as the number one favorite, with a time of 9.98 seconds as the only one to get below ten seconds. His compatriot Justin Gatlin, 37, also advanced to the semifinals. Nigeria's Divine Oduduru, who is number two in this year's standings with 9.86, did not start and was expected to face Coleman, who has 9.81 this season.
Cuban Juan Miguel Echevarría showed great form in the long jump qualification, reaching the distance of 840 cm with his first jump. No athlete has jumped this far in World Cup qualifying in 20 years. The 21-year-old Cuban leads this year's standings with 865 cm.
French Oscar nominee Les Misérables opens Be2Can showcase
Golden Bear and both winners of acting prizes from this year's Berlinale, directing prize and jury prize from Cannes and much more will present the 6th edition of the festival film from Berlin, Venice and Cannes. Again this year, the Be2Can festival will bring a selection of the most remarkable and inspiring presented by the competitions of the three most important European film festivals.
The opening film of this year's festival will be the French drama Les Misérables, for which the filmmaker Ladj Ly won the Jury Prize at this year's Cannes Film Festival. The film is a French Oscar nominee. The preview of the film in Prague will be personally presented by the two main roles of police officers of the criminal unit, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zonga. Alexis Manenti is also the co-writer of the film.
Be2Can will take place in Prague's Lucerna and Edison Filmhub cinemas this year, as well as in Brno (Art Cinema), Ostrava (Minikino) and Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) from 2 to 8 October.
The director Ladj Ly's feature debut was screened and awarded at a number of other world festivals after its success in Cannes. At the Durban IFF, he won the Best Film Award and the Best Screenplay Award, as well as being screened at the Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo and will soon be screened in San Sebastian.
As part of the festival, however, the audience can also look forward to the films Synonyms, Young Ahmed, System Disrupter, Goodbye, my son, Sorry, we couldn't reach you, Anthology of the Ghost City and The Golden Glove. But they can also look forward to other fresh news from this year's Venice, which will head to Czech distribution: sci-fi Ad Astra, Joker, to the Czech triumph of the Painted Bird.
What cities disappear under the sea?
The vote in Canada's upper house of parliament has confirmed a familiar rumor for days: Canada is revoking the honorary citizenship of the former human rights legend, Nobel Peace Prize winner Do Aung San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who spent years under house arrest for trying to bring freedom to her country, has lost her honorary degree for her part in the genocide against the minority Rohingya people.
The decision to take Suu Kyi's honorary citizenship was approved by the lower legislature a week ago, and senators have now unanimously backed it. "This is the right message for her, for Myanmar and for the whole world," said Ratna Omidvar, an independent senator, commenting on her colleagues" decision. "We must make it clear that accomplices to genocide are not welcome here in Canada - much less as honest citizens."
The verdict of the Canadian Parliament does not technically change anything for Suu Kyi, it is only an honorary title, but on a symbolic level it is a powerful message for her. The longtime human rights activist's silence on the atrocities that the army of majority-Buddhist Myanmar has been committing against the Rohingya Muslim minority for endless months is intolerable.
The fact that an officially organized genocide is taking place in Myanmar, and that Suu Kyi - the country's de facto prime minister - has completely failed in her duty to protect her citizens, was recently revealed in a UN report. In particular, it mentions the names of several army commanders who, according to the investigation team, should stand trial for crimes against humanity committed in actions which, as the report puts it, "shock both in the horror of their actions and in the sheer scale." According to the UN, Suu Kyi and her led administration have been complicit primarily by covering up soldiers" actions and releasing a fog of lies around them - for example, that it is an "anti-terrorist operation."
After Suu Kyi's removal, five figures remain on Canada's list of honorary citizens: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tenzin Gjamccho, the 14th Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, the 49th Imam of Shiite Muslims, and Malala Yousufzai.
The development surrounding the former icon of the struggle for freedom and democracy was also reflected by the Canadian Museum of Human Rights, where Suu Kyi's profile added information about atrocities against the Rohingya and the parliamentary decision to strip her of her title of honorary citizen. "We have also dimmed the illumination of her photo on a tab showing the timeline of the struggle for human rights and are thinking of replacing her face with a portrait of a member of the Rohingya minority," the museum's spokesman, Rorie McLeod, is quoted as saying by Canadian media.
The only thing that will remain in Suu Kyi's current upheaval - at least for now - is the Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to her at the suggestion of Václav Havel in 1991 for her huge contribution to the struggle for democracy. "While Ms Suu Kyi's current actions are regrettable, her award will not be nullified," the head of the Nobel Foundation, Lars Heikensten, told CBS Canada.
Microplastics have reached the human gut, study confirms for the first time
Scientists confirmed several years of suspicion. A team led by University of Vienna professor Philipp Schwabl has published a study that proves the presence of microplastics in human stools for the first time. While the study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia - tiny particles of plastic measuring between 50 and 500 micrometres were found in samples of all subjects studied. None of the eight subjects was vegetarian, six did not shy away from seafood, all drank water from plastic bottles and food wrapped in plastic.
And it would actually be a bit of a miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplastics - which are produced either directly, for example, for the cosmetics industry, or by the decay of larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water, and sodas; in short, everywhere on the planet. Their entry into the human digestive system was therefore only officially confirmed. There were roughly 20 microplastic particles per ten grams of stool, and scientists estimate that more than half of the world's population will have them.
Lay and scientific awareness, of course, suspects that this is not a good thing. But humanity still doesn't know how bad it is - and what effect microplastics have on "host" organisms. Small particles can reach the bloodstream or the lymphatic system and end up in the liver, for example. "This is the first ever study of its kind, and it has confirmed what we have long thought. Now that we have the first evidence of microplastics in the human body, we need to continue to investigate what exactly this means for human health," says Schwabl.
So far, it is known that microplastics in the gut can negatively affect the immune responses of the digestive system, thereby facilitating the absorption of poisonous chemicals and other pathogens into the body. And as yet, there is no known solution other than to reduce the use of plastics, especially polypropylene. But that will be difficult - the first task facing governments and authorities will at least be to halt its steep increase. When it comes to plastic bottles alone, experts estimate that in three years, humanity will consume one-fifth as much as it does today. The current rate is a staggering one million bottles bought per minute. Every year, some eight million tonnes of plastic end up in the seas and oceans. Waste threatens marine ecosystems and contaminates the digestive systems of marine animals.
Some countries have already adopted restrictions and other measures; Kenya, for example - under threat of draconian penalties - has banned plastic bags. The European Commission is considering small bans (well-known straws) and the Czech Ministry of the Environment is heading in the same direction. But critics argue that such measures, while nice, are totally inadequate.
Harry in the footsteps of Princess Diana (†36)! Where's Meghan?
Diana was exceptional at grabbing people's hearts. In January 1997, she caused a stir when she visited Africa and especially the minefield. Pictures of him wearing a protective suit and a face shield have become iconic. And even then, no one could have known that a few months later, the Princess of Men's Hearts would breathe her last in a tragic car crash in Paris.
Now her younger son Harry has also scored as he travelled to the same place as her after 22 years. He went to the mine-clearing station in Dirico, Angola, and also put on a special protective suit, looking very thoughtful. Certainly he could not help but think of his beloved mother, whom he had lost at the age of just 13.
Harry gave a speech on the spot where he praised the efforts of the Halo Trust, which works to defuse minefields and other explosives in war-torn countries. "The minefields are the unhealed wounds of war. By cleaning them up, we can help the community to find peace, which comes with opportunities," he said, also appealing for the preservation and maintenance of wildlife and the local river as a source of water. After this visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huamba to rename the local orthopedic centre after his famous mother, Princess Diana.
He did not forget to mention it on his official Instagram account: "The Duke is honored to visit a place and community that were so important to his mother, to learn about their tireless mission, and to speak for all those whom (Diana) felt most needed to be heard, even though the issue was not exactly popular worldwide," a post on the Sussex Royal's Instagram page said.
But royal fans may be disappointed that he didn't take his wife Meghan, 38, and their son Archie, four months, on such a quest to remember Diana. They've both had separate agendas with Harry since Wednesday, apparently to protect them. After all, taking a baby to a minefield doesn't sound very safe, and Harry doesn't want to endanger his beloved family at any cost.
Only children. We don't have a certain reproduction, but we don't have to scare
Some words have unfortunate connotations, even if they only convey the state of affairs. They include the word "only child." It refers to a child growing up without siblings, but does not sound neutral. "An only child, you know," he says, without needing to say anything. Interestingly, this trait has long been carried on by the "individual," from a time when terms such as the demographic crisis were not widely used.
Even those outside the scientific community now know that a fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman is needed to ensure simple reproduction. It is also widely known that no state in Europe is achieving this value today. At most, France and Sweden are close to it, but European countries do not have a simple reproductive rate. (Within the West, only Israel stands out, with an aggregate fertility rate of 3.1 children per woman.) It's a perfect situation for alarmism. That's why it's no surprise when Labor and Social Affairs Minister Maláčová fails him: "There are almost as many singles as there are two-child families," she told LN in an interview. But she neglected the devil in the detail.
Yes, it is good to draw attention to the problem, rather than to downplay or ideologize it. Like Germany, where a campaign for more children is easily labeled fascist (like "that's how Hitler supported it"). It is good to be reminded that many couples plan to have only children. It is good for politicians to show the will to remove the obstacles that lead to these decisions (for example, the weak prevalence of working from home discourages women from having more pregnancies). But for all that, let us point out one thing.
When Minister Maláčová says that "there are almost so many only children," there is a drop of demagoguery. That statement was appropriate 20 years ago. Let us recall that fertility in the Czech Republic last ensured simple reproduction in 1980 ("Husák's children"). Then it fell to a formidable 1.14 in 2000. But since then it has risen by almost fifty per cent, to the current 1.70 children per woman, above the European average. This is not yet enough for simple reproduction, so action by politicians is appropriate. Just with the alarmism, they can take it down a notch.
Costa Rica is a champion in the fight against climate change
The title was awarded to Costa Rica for several reasons. For starters, a plan to be carbon-neutral by 2050 - something that many countries have committed to under the Paris Agreement. With a population of around five million, the Central American country produces only 0.4 percent of the world's emissions. Costa Rica has also pledged to fully switch to renewable energy by 2030, with 70 percent of buses or taxis to run on electricity.
The official tourism organization says that roughly 95 percent of energy already comes from renewable sources - in 2017 Costa Rica ran on them for a total of 300 days.
Costa Rica boasts nearly thirty national parks.
The afforestation density also contributes to the reduction of emissions. Rainforests with diverse fauna and flora, which cover more than half of the country's territory, are also one of the main tourist attractions. "Costa Rica is a pioneer in the field of nature conservation and sets an example for other countries in the region, but also around the world. Climate change requires urgent action from all of us," the UN said in a statement.
Costa Rica can boast almost thirty national parks, which is really a lot given the small size of the country (51,100 square kilometers). Rain or fog forests, coral reefs or mangrove swamps are home to five percent of the world's biodiversity. The country also has volcanoes, picturesque waterfalls and several rescue stations for sloths.
Go easy on the planet. The Night of Scientists Begins in Prague
"In Prague I would definitely visit the Czech Technical University and look at the model of what smart cities will look like. At Charles University I would visit the Institute of Anatomy at the Faculty of Medicine, to which there is no access for the public at any other time," advises Jitřenka Navrátilová, National Coordinator of Researchers" Night.
The Department of Anatomy offers a tour of the dissecting room and the opportunity to try working with surgical instruments.
"Then I would go to ČZU and watch the film Green Desert," adds Navrátilová. Nine laboratories will also offer guided tours. The slogan of this year's Researchers" Night is "Friendly to the Planet."
Attorney general reinstates prosecution of mother who manipulated daughter against father
The Supreme State Prosecutor, Pavel Zeman, disagrees with the acquittal of a mother who has long manipulated her daughter and disrupted her relationship with her father. She faced charges of abuse and endangering her upbringing. The Regional Court acquitted her, but Zeman disagrees. Such conduct can be seen as a criminal act, according to his appeal to the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court ruling could have a broader impact on other cases. "A more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse can also be considered necessary in terms of guiding further application practice," Zeman's appeal reads.
The District Court in Svitavy first found the woman guilty last year of abusing a trustee and endangering the child's upbringing. She formed a strong, even symbiotic bond with her daughter, even when she was about to be entrusted to her father.
The result was a pathological fixation on the mother and a markedly negative relationship with the father. The situation affected the emotional development of the daughter, who was even hospitalized. She threatened self-harm in the event of her father's custody.
The Svitava court sentenced the mother to two years in prison, suspended for two years. However, the Pardubice branch of the Regional Court acquitted the woman on appeal. The same verdict was repeated by the regional court even after the Supreme Court had already ordered it to rule again.
The Regional Court stated that situations in which one parent manipulates a child towards the other are by no means exceptional. , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , Only exceptionally is criminal law the solution.
However, according to the Attorney General, the woman committed both abuse and endangerment of her upbringing. "The accused acted quite deliberately when she aroused negative feelings about her father in her daughter and purposefully reinforced those negative emotions. By doing so, she not only pursued an illicit intention to restrict or exclude her father's contact with a minor, but she must have been aware that this would cause negative consequences for the minor in the psychosocial sphere," the appeal reads.
Zeman has asked the Supreme Court to return the case to the Regional Court once again. The appeal shows that the child is now in the custody of the father.
Stand down, challenged Schiller for words about opposition scum Czernin
"I consider it completely unacceptable for a member of the Czech Government anywhere, much less on the floor of Parliament, to use such totalitarian expressions," Czernin wrote in an open letter to Schiller.
Her words caused a stir during the discussion of the draft constitutional lawsuit against Czech President Miloš Zeman. The opposition did not get enough votes, and the Senate's proposed constitutional challenge was thrown off the table.
"I get dozens of messages from people I don't know. There's not a single voice in support of this lawsuit. There are messages of support for the president and messages like how taxpayers" money is being spent here, how empty straws are being beaten. And I even allow myself, I don't use harsh language, to quote one of them: She's opposition and senatorial scum," the finance minister said.
"The Nazis used these terms to treat citizens of Jewish origin and the Communists used to treat their political opponents. It is totalitarian rhetoric, without a shred of respect for man or opinion," TOP 09 Vice-Chair Czernin wrote to the minister, who will compete for the post of party chair in the autumn with the previous first vice-chair, Markéta Pekarová Adamová.
"I quoted one of the many reports that I received dozens of during the course of the House deliberations. Their common denominator was disgust at the constant personal defamation that we see daily in domestic politics and that was also the main motive for Thursday's meeting of the House. The fact that someone applies the term to themselves surprises me," Schillerová told the Czech News Agency.
Destroyed shops, fires in the streets, a memorial procession accompanied by riots
Five years ago, 43 students at Ayotzinapa University disappeared, but despite extensive investigations, the case has not yet been cleared up. Reportedly, the students were to be detained by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not clear exactly what happened next, but according to the investigation, the students apparently ended up in the hands of a local syndicate and were subsequently killed and burned, APTN reports.
A memorial procession was held in Mexico's capital on Thursday, with families wanting to express frustration that there was still no way to find answers and explain the disappearance of their children.
But the largely peaceful march was disrupted by smaller groups of vandals, who destroyed everything in their path. Vandals destroyed shops and hotels, did not shy away from destroying monuments, set fires around the city and blew out windows.
Even before the march, President Andres Manuel López Obrador said he would do everything he could to catch them and asked the public for any information that would lead to clarification of the case.
Over 142 people were detained as part of the investigation, but not one of them was convicted. Many of them had to be released because their human rights were violated, investigators were allegedly supposed to torture the suspects, adds APTN.
Mahulena Bočanová interrupted her one-year detox and sinned again!
More than a year ago, Mahulena Bočanová confided in Lightning that she had quit alcohol. "Over the holidays I thought I'd give my old battered 50-year-old body a rest. I gave myself a deadline forever. I feel terribly rested, I have a lot of energy and my psyche has improved. I haven't been in a good place mentally lately. I get up better, I don't have a headache, I have more energy, more money.'
A year's abstinence was enough, he said, and the actress found her way back to alcohol. "Sometimes I'll have bubbly or good wine, but I won't drink what I used to. I have one drink and have fun till morning. I've had a bottle of wine in the fridge for a week. I also enjoyed the non-alcoholic beer, which I can drink anytime," said Mahulena, who still forms a couple with the Brno entrepreneur Petr.
Bočanová has also returned to the theatre season after the holidays and will newly join the series "Practice in the Rose Garden." "I'm ashamed of the first two performances, I was really bad, I misspoke. But it's getting better," the actress smiles critically.
Jaromír Soukup spoke about Gott: He wishes him peace
Moderator and entrepreneur Jaromír Soukup (50) is not afraid of any questions. In his show Call and Write to the Boss, he speaks publicly on various topics. And he is no stranger to tabloid cases, which he sparkles and wittily glosss over. Though this time he didn't feel like laughing.
Jaromír Soukup commented on the sad news, which is the very serious illness of Karel Gott. He had promised the singer one very considerate thing for himself.
"You know, Karl got sick, and he said it fair and square without tabloids poking around. I don't want to comment on that, it's a serious illness, we all have enormous respect for Karel Gott. And I wish him, of course, successful treatment and especially peace! The peace he needs now," the TV owner Barrandov said.
"I wish the media would leave him alone. And she waited for the news that the Master himself would choose to give to the media. I don't really like the various statements about what his old acquaintances and various celebrities think about his health. And I can say on behalf of our media that we will only address his illness and his person if he expresses an interest. In my opinion, other media outlets should consider a similar approach."
Young Czechs think they are good with money. The survey didn't confirm it
"So it turns out that young Czechs have somewhat more confidence in their knowledge of finance than the reality. In this case, women and respondents without graduation had a significantly higher proportion of wrong answers," said KRUK director Jaroslava Palendalová.
Men and young high school or university students are more likely to trust their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs learn most about the functioning of financial affairs from their parents (37 percent), self-study on the Internet (23 percent) and, in the third place, from teaching at school (21 percent).
Parents are primarily consulted on financial issues by women, while men are more likely to seek information online. Obtaining financial information from parents is prevalent across all ages of young people, regardless of their educational attainment or personal income. Prospectuses of financial institutions, professional journals and publications have virtually minimal influence.
"Once again, the importance of raising children by their parents, who represent authority in all major areas of life, is being demonstrated. That is why the level of financial literacy of parents who transfer their knowledge and experience to their offspring is crucial," Palendalová said.
Savings and investments are preferred by 94 percent of young people.
The young unequivocally question whether it is better to save and buy, for example, their own house or apartment, or to enjoy and spend the money rather, without savings or their own housing.
94% of respondents believe in the strategy of saving and investing in fixed tangible assets. This is true across all ages of young people, regardless of educational attainment, social status or current level of personal income.
The survey strategy is then 100% held by people in a married relationship with two or more children and employees in the public sector. On the contrary, people living alone and with an income of more than CZK 30 000 per month want to enjoy themselves.
The huntsman was injured in a fall from a perch, carried to the ambulance for three hours
The unfortunate accident occurred before 7:30 p.m. in the top parts of the Devil's Mill.
"It was a very difficult and inaccessible terrain, so we sent five of our rescuers with the proper equipment to the wounded man. At the same time, we asked the Medical Rescue Service of the Moravian-Silesian Region for cooperation. The paramedics then dispatched an ambulance to the accident," Libor Kluz, a dispatcher with the Beskydy Mountain Rescue Service, described the circumstances of the intervention.
Rescuers found the hunter in a targeted location with multiple injuries. He was immediately treated and then gently but with difficulty transported on a so-called Austrian cart over impassable terrain.
"Transport in the route of about one and a half kilometers was slow and difficult. The injured nimrod was therefore handed over to the ambulance crew after approximately three hours," added Libor Kluz.
According to Radan Jaškovský, the authorized chief of the Beskydy Mountain Rescue Service and a rescue worker, a fellow hunter was fortunately able to describe in detail the whereabouts of the injured man.
"So we found it relatively quickly. However, if he had the Rescue app on his phone, our rescuers would have been there sooner and at the same time the 155 dispatcher would have been immediately aware of the accident and his situation," Radan Jaškovský noted.
He added that a charged mobile phone with the Rescue app activated should be commonplace in the mountains today.
Zeman a conservationist - A man straining the constitution calls for law enforcement
Those who move in a camp-divided society and don't want to go completely crazy will welcome situations where they don't have to root only for their own. When can he give pros even to whom he otherwise criticizes. If only so he didn't feel he was navigating by pre-assigned labels. Such situations include a list of severely damaged monuments that President Zeman wields during his popular trips to the regions.
Everybody knows what's going on. And those who sometimes travel through the Czech Republic see many of these devastated monuments - from the centres of historical towns to individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches or farms - with their own eyes. Everyone suspects that demagoguery can also come into play here. That if we accuse the town hall of neglecting monuments or some horror in the zoning plan, it may be the work of former administrations. Or a privatized object whose owner is untraceable. The head of state of local politics calls on: "A section of the monument law allows you to fine owners of objects who do not take care of their property." But even if the owner is unavailable, it must be acknowledged that the president is calling for law enforcement. Which even critics of his bending of the Constitution should acknowledge as a plus.
Of course, Miloš Zeman would not be Miloš Zeman if he considered all the details and formalities of a complex problem. But he stands up for a good cause much like squatters he doesn't recognize. Two years ago we wrote: "Despite all the swearing, the squatters draw attention to a problem outside the current interest. For one structure or another to be in disrepair." And let's face it, the president is doing the same thing, de facto.
If you come to the historical centre of Jáchymov, you will be amazed how devastated it is - including houses with Renaissance cores. At a time when Jáchymov celebrates 500 years of silver mining and minting of dollars (for Americans dollars). Why? They say it's because of fast-track home sales in the "90s, officials there say. But why is it that the Island, seven kilometers away, the seat of the Shliks who minted the Joachim thalers, has its historical core nicely repaired? It is good for the President to draw attention to these things.
Babis calls for security cooperation at terror victims" memorial
Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and his wife Monica visited the Ground Zero terrorist attacks in New York City on September 27, 2019.
Terrorism is the main enemy against which all the countries of the world should fight together. At the end of a five-day visit to the United States, Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš said this today at the New York memorial to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. On this occasion, the Prime Minister paid tribute to the memory of two victims of Czech origin.
"This is a very moving place," the Prime Minister said as he, accompanied by his wife Monika, laid a white rose by the names of Lukáš Rambousek and Czechoslovak émigré Alena Sešínová. Both were among the more than 2,750 deaths claimed by the hijacked aircraft attack on the former twin World Trade Center (WTC) skyscrapers. The towers of the World Trade Center collapsed after the impact. In their place is now a memorial with a list of victims.
"It is necessary to commemorate what happened here, the horror," Babiš said. The attack on the US on 11 September 2001 was cited by the Prime Minister as a reason why the UN should cooperate in a united campaign against international terrorism. In addition to destroying the World Trade Center skyscrapers, the terrorists crashed a hijacked plane into a Defense Department building in Washington and planned to strike another target in Washington, apparently the White House or Congress. This aircraft crashed when the passengers confronted the hijackers.
"This is our main enemy, where all the countries of the world should come together and fight international terrorism in a coordinated way," the Czech Prime Minister said.
Slovenians also beat Polish world champions and are in the finals of the European Championships
Slovenian volleyball players will make a sensational play for the European Champions" Premiership title. With the support of nearly 12,000 rioting fans in Ljubljana, the reigning two-time world champions beat the Poles 3-1 and are the first finalists.
Who they will challenge in Sunday's climax in Paris will be decided on Friday between France and Serbia.
The Slovenian team looked much more compact in the semifinals than the Polish world champions. Only the beginning of the opening set and, with luck, the end of the second set belonged to them, but the home volleyball players outdid themselves in defence and of the players in the red and white jersey, only the native of Cuba, León, basically scored.
On the other hand, both scrum-halfs Chebulj and Urnaut, as well as the second universal Stern, who soon replaced the inconspicuous Gasparini, were in the form of life. The Poles suffered from the fact that they had won all their previous matches at this Euros in a sovereign manner, while the Slovenians were gaining confidence after heavy play-off battles with both Bulgarians and Russians.
The Slovenians lost 1-3 to the Poles in the Olympic qualifiers in Gdansk this August, but returned the defeat at home. But now Stožica will leave the sold-out Ljubljana arena. After today, however, they have a certain second medal in history, in Paris they can improve on the unexpected silver medal from the European Championships four years ago.
Slovenia finished eighth at the previous European Championships, behind the Czech national team.
Tech companies want to rule our cities
Francis Fukuyama got a little baked by history. In 1992, at the height of the wave of liberalism that followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political scientist wrote in his most famous book, The End of History and the Last Man: "What we may be witnessing ... is the final point of the ideological evolution of mankind and the universal acceptance of Western liberal democracy as the ultimate form of governance."
Twenty-six years later, we are more likely to see illiberal models prevailing from the US to Russia, from Turkey to Poland, and from Hungary to Italy, and various forms of nationalism and radicalism flourishing. Fukuyama's current ninth book, Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment, attempts to cope with the emergence of these forces. As George Eaton's interview with the New Statesman shows, he is rethinking many of his former positions: he argues that ideas of socialism should be brought back into the public domain, and Marx was right about much. At the same time, he insists that his thought development is still in line with the position of the 1990s, and critics have misunderstood The End of History and the Last Man.
"What I said at the time was that one of the problems of modern democracy is that it does provide peace and prosperity, but people want more than that... Liberal democracy doesn't even try to define what a good life is. It leaves it to individuals who feel alienated, don't see the point, and therefore organize into identity groups that give them a sense of belonging."
In its time, The End of History and the Last Man was written as a powerful argument against Marxists who saw communism as the final stage of history. When asked about how he now perceives the rise of socialists in Britain and the US, Fukuyama replies: "It all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we are talking about ownership of the means of production, then, except when clear services to the public are required, I do not think that will work. But if you are referring to redistribution programmes that attempt to resolve the huge income and wealth imbalances that we are seeing, yes. I think not only could he come back, he should come back. The long period that President Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher started, in which certain types of ideas about the benefits of an unregulated market came into play, had a disastrous effect in many ways."
In the end, Fukuyama also tries to calm the current situation, warning all liberals that even the emergence of new, not-quite-democratic regimes will not mean the end of history.
Soldiers are rehearsing. Draw the curtains. China sets up celebrations at massacre site
The military has been rehearsing the finery over recent weekends. Shops in central Beijing had to close and residents near the square were ordered to close their curtains. Military vehicles rolled down the empty streets toward the square, and warplanes circled in the sky.
Several Chinese told Reuters they were proud that their country would display its military might. But one woman said it was hard to deny that the celebrations would unsettle other states.
She was apparently referring to Taiwan, which China claims and where elections are coming up. But they may also be worried in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, where thousands of people have repeatedly demonstrated against a Chinese-appointed administrator.
Celebrations are also being prepared outside Beijing. The southern Chinese port of Xiamen had already put on a special light show on Thursday night. Xiamen is located across from island Taiwan and is one of China's ten most innovative cities.
Before the anniversary, the list of banned items is growing. It already features drones, balloons, kites, alcohol, radios and devices using radio waves, the Guardian has pointed out. He added that China's popular social network Weibo deletes "damaging political information."
"This is another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Chinese Communist Party remains (at the oar) against all predictions," said historian Maura Cunningham, who studies China. "This is a moment when the party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was created in 1949 when the Communists under Mao Zedong won a battle with Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalists, who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960"s, China underwent a disastrous communist experiment in the form of the so-called Cultural Revolution. In June 1989, the regime massacred thousands of pro-democracy demonstrators from students and workers on Tiananmen Square with tanks.
Since the late 1970s, China has increasingly adopted elements of the capitalist economy. According to critics, it is now a mixture of the worst of communism (one-party monopoly and persecution of the opposition) and (Dickensian) capitalism (exploitation of workers).
Czechs or children are not allowed. CTIA revealed discrimination in restaurants
These included, for example, misreporting of prices and non-compliance with the principles of fair selling.
In one case of discrimination, a restaurant in Prague refuses to let smaller children into the establishment. He writes on his website that the facility is not suitable for children under the age of eight. "When asked electronically by the consumer whether it is possible to order a table for four adults and one child aged four in the restaurant, the restaurant employee replied electronically that they do not accept the presence of children under the age of eight in the restaurant," Fröhlich said.
In the second case, another Prague business did not want to let Czech-speaking people at the table, while allowing English-speakers to do so. "Czech-speaking inspectors, in their capacity as consumers, were not allowed to sit down at the restaurant and place an order. English-speaking consumers have been allowed to do so," a CTIA spokesperson described the situation.
Both cases are now being dealt with in administrative proceedings. Since they are not yet definitively terminated, the spokesman for the inspection was unable to provide further information on the restaurants in question.
However, discrimination occurred in only a very small proportion of restaurants audited in the second quarter. In total, the CTIA performed 139 inspections. In addition to the two cases of discrimination, it revealed other misconduct in 64 cases. Most were shortcomings in compliance with the principles of fair selling and failure to inform consumers of the prices of products and services in accordance with the rules.
On Wednesday, the inspectorate reported cases of discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreigners were charged higher amounts than Czech-speaking clients. In these cases, final fines of CZK 60 000 have already been imposed.
On holiday with just a credit card? The NEO account offers free withdrawals from ATMs around the world!
According to surveys, roughly half of all Czechs who go abroad have become accustomed to paying directly by card. The main reasons include especially comfort, security, but also the possibility to use travel insurance, which is often associated with a credit card.
The convenience of paying by card can be appreciated by travelers in almost every corner of the world. This is especially true in popular tourist destinations, but today credit cards are accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, perhaps for work, do not have time to repeatedly go to exchange offices to exchange cash. And even "holidaymakers" don't want to rely on cash to get by. Moreover, some foreign currencies are not even available in Czech banks or exchange offices. We have therefore solved this with the NEO account so that its users can withdraw cash from all ATMs free of charge, wherever they are," says Kateřina Petko, Director of Marketing and Communications and Spokesperson of Expobank CZ.
Moreover, a credit card is a much more reliable way than cash to keep your money. After losing a full wallet, its owner may not be able to wait for the money he carried in it. However, if he loses only his payment card, he can easily block it immediately over the phone or via internet banking. If they act quickly, they may not suffer any financial loss at all. "Keeping money in a bank account has other advantages besides its reliable protection. For example, in the case of a NEO account, the interest is 1.6% per year, which is one of the highest among current and savings accounts. Its establishment and administration is completely online without the need to visit a branch. In addition, money in a bank account is insured up to EUR 100,000 and account management is completely free of charge," adds Kateřina Petko.
For anyone who is going abroad, travel insurance should be a matter of course. Thanks to the possibility of arranging it and paying by card online, this can be done even at the last minute. However, the mere possession of a credit card often means insurance protection when travelling. "For example, in the case of embossed MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business cards, travel insurance is an integral part of foreign travel to all countries of the world. Cardholders can also insure the family they are travelling with. They often lose any further arranging," adds Kateřina Petko from Expobank CZ. However, it is always advisable to check the extent of the insurance, i.e. whether it covers all the activities that travellers plan to undertake.
We're looking for motivated immigrants. The head of the children's clinic builds an international team of doctors, we bring their stories
Ledjona Toni, an Albanian, studied medicine in Czech and today few will recognize that she is a foreigner.
There are hundreds of medics from abroad studying in the Czech Republic who could stay and work here. A pediatric clinic in Motol, Prague, attempted to obtain some of them.
Tara Hussein Tayeb had to get up early to arrive at the Motol Hospital in Prague around 5 p.m. A Kurd with close-cropped hair was flying to the Czech Republic from Suleimania, a town in northeastern Iraq, where she works as a pediatrician in a hospital and still treats small patients in the afternoon as part of a private practice. He also teaches at the university.
Spilk in the par. In Indianapolis, after the first round, he's on the verge of advancing
Golfer Klara Spilk is on the verge of reaching the final rounds after the first round of the Tech Championship in Indianapolis. On Thursday, she carded two birdies, two bogeys, and finished the opening day at par. With a score of 72, he's tied for 69th, which is the projected cut.
Spilk, 24, returned to the circuit a month ago after a two-month medical break and failed to make the cut in Portland for the second half of the tournament. She took a rest because of fatigue and exhaustion after an illness.
The first Czech winner of a professional tournament in the European LET series is a member of the LPGA Tour for the first year and so far she has not been very successful. She has made the cut three times in 12 tournaments, her best being 32nd in Hawaii. He is fighting to keep his card for the next season.
The Indianapolis tournament was played by Korean Hor Mi-chung. After the first round, she has a score of -9 and a two-shot lead over the trio.
The Prague Stock Exchange grew slightly, with Czech banks, O2 and Avast doing well
The Prague Stock Exchange ended the trading week with a slight increase. The PX rose 0.13 percent to 1038.45 points. He was dragged up by Czech banks, the telecommunications company O2 and the technology firm Avast. On the other hand, Austrian titles and the media company CME did not fare well. This is clear from the results of trading on the stock exchange website.
For most of Friday's session, the Prague Stock Exchange traded in slightly positive territory and eventually closed with a small profit. "However, it lost (the PX index) slightly over one percent for the whole week," said Josef Dudek from Fio banka.
Domestic banks partially corrected the declines of the past few days. Komerční banka improved by 0.82 percent to CZK 803 and Moneta Money Bank by 0.41 percent to CZK 72.80. Shares in Avast appreciated 0.89 per cent to CZK 113 and operator O2 added 0.46 per cent to CZK 216.50.
Kofola's securities rose the most, by 1.38 percent to CZK 294. Tobacco company Philip Morris gained less than one percent, with shares rising to CZK 13,640.
The securities of the energy company CEZ stagnated at the value of CZK 520 on Thursday.
Three titles were lost - Erste Bank wrote down 0.87 percent to CZK 779.20, CME 0.73 percent to CZK 109 and insurer VIG 0.40 percent to CZK 618.
The crown weakened slightly against both major world currencies. It lost four pennies to the euro at 25.85 CZK/EUR and three pennies to the dollar at 23.62 CZK/USD. This is clear from the data on the Patria Online server.
My heart is like a bell and the lungs of a non-smoker. I'll just have a few infusions, Zeman joked.
The head of state underwent an hours-long medical examination at the Central Military Hospital (ÚVN) on Tuesday. According to the director of the hospital, Miroslav Zavoral, doctors found no "diseases" in the president. The president will celebrate his 75th birthday on Saturday.
Doctors at the president's appointment revealed mild signs of dehydration. Its problems with low pressure were caused by insufficient water supply. "In order to correct the dehydration of my body, I will have several infusions that will get minerals into my body," Zeman said.
Otherwise, however, the director of the ÚVN stated that "the Czech state has a healthy president." In this context, the President mentioned that Zavoral had received several hateful messages because of his health check.
According to the president, the doctors examined him thoroughly and did not miss a single spot on his body. "So a brief recap: the heart is beating like a bell, the lungs are clear as if he were not a smoker, the liver is functioning as if I were a teetotaller, the kidneys are also fine and I can go on and on," Zeman said.
The iDNES.cz editorial team has contacted the military hospital to comment on Zeman's statement about his health.
The issue of Zeman's health became a topic primarily at the time of last year's presidential election or during some public appearances during which Zeman has clear problems with walking. According to Prague Castle, the President is walking badly due to diabetic polyfunctional neuropathy. He also has problems with low blood pressure and harder hearing. He cut down on smoking for his health.
Scientists look for toddlers with a birth defect called ankle valgosity in their study
Valgosity is a birth defect that affects five to ten percent of children. It is normally treated with vigorous exercise. Scientists are trying to help these children even more, so they have developed special footwear that should significantly speed up the treatment.
"We have two prototype shoes that will be worn by both healthy children and children diagnosed to map the effect in both groups. Participation in the research will not have any risks for children and the measurement will be completely painless," explains Marta Gimunová, head of research at the Faculty of Sports Studies MU.
Parents of both groups of children can apply for the study via the website, where the registration form and all information are available.
Scientists are looking for fifty children diagnosed and fifty healthy. Of each group, half will always wear health shoes and half will not.
"The moment when parents should enter their child is when they embark on their first independent steps, typically letting go, for example, of the furniture they are holding on to while trying to walk. Participation in the research involves three measurements within seven months of the child's first steps, each lasting about 20 minutes, and for half of the participants it also involves wearing the tested shoes," Gimunová points out.
Pike in a pond or a relatively affluent open-air museum?
Babiš chose statistics such as good security (the Czech Republic ranks seventh in the world), low unemployment rate, and low state debt for his optimistic view. Or the fact that our country is 24th in quality of life out of 140 countries evaluated, according to one recent study.
However, developer Dušan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot gave other, not so "pink" data in a television interview on the occasion of the Summit of Architecture and Development. For example, the Czech Republic is ranked 154th in the world in the speed of construction proceedings. It may be that the current economic "boom" will not leave any significant architectural legacy as it did in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only existing legislation, but also slow, inefficient bureaucracy. This is also documented by comparative studies in which the Czech Republic significantly lags behind developed countries in the overall quality and performance of public administration.
Our country has simply not yet been able to make good use of the potential of the good economic situation of recent years to invest in the future. While it is all very well for salaries and pensions to increase, people with better living standards will also want a place to live, to travel modernly and quickly, to have quality cultural stands, to live without intolerable environmental burdens.
However, in the capital city of Prague, for example, it has not been possible for years to complete the inner and outer ring roads or to build an expressway or metro to the airport. And Prague does not even have a modern, architecturally bold national library, concert hall or national gallery. The reason is not only absurd wrangling over architectural competitions, zoning plans and building permits, but also a kind of specifically Czech conservativism, which adheres to the slogan "every bolder change is for the worse."
And when it seems that something bolder could be done, it is almost certainly thwarted by conservationists or other rather stubborn associations, or by politicians. In the absurd drama about Jan Kaplický's "blob" designed for the new building of the National Library, President Václav Klaus even wanted to tie himself to the excavators.
The list, however, does not end with Prague. The Czech Republic is not able to complete its backbone motorway network, nor to start building train expressways, so Germany finally decided to run its lines for superfast trains from Berlin to Vienna via a "detour" through Bavaria. Moreover, repairs of existing infrastructure are sometimes drowned in the shambles. Getting quickly from Prague to Brno is now a puzzle.
Babiš came to politics promising to "get things done." But little has happened so far in terms of meaningful investment and speeding up cumbersome bureaucratic procedures. Since 2018, an amendment to the Act on Acceleration of Transport Infrastructure Construction has been in force, but we will have to wait for more extensive positive impacts, such as easier expropriation of land. And the new building law, approved by the government, which is said to reduce the current average length of construction proceedings from 5.4 years to one year, will, if we are lucky, come into force from 2021. Not many people would bet on it, though.
Uncombed wants $45 million from the state
There is a The teenager was jailed for two years for assaulting the woman, but was eventually acquitted by the judiciary.
The Supreme State Prosecutor Pavel Zeman and Justice Minister Marie Benešová did not file appeals in the case.
The attempted murder of a hairdresser in Hořice happened in February 2013. The Hradec prosecutor's office indicted the then 20-year-old student of Nečesaný grammar school. The prosecution alleged that he hit the woman several times over the head with a log and then took over ten thousand crowns from her. The seriously injured woman was found by her son, her life saved by doctors at the Hradec hospital.
From the beginning, the Uncombed One denied any wrongdoing. "I'm innocent, and I swear it. I am sincerely sorry for what happened to the victim, but I am not the perpetrator," the young man, who did not deny that he was at the salon on the fatal day, told the court earlier. Said he wanted a haircut. He left after his wife told him he was closing. He then turned himself in as a witness.
The hairdresser initially did not recognize him as the aggressor during the interrogation, but later identified Nečesaný as the attacker. According to forensic experts, she suffered from blackouts after the attack.
The Hradec Regional Court handed down five consecutive verdicts in the case. He initially found Nečesaný guilty twice and sentenced him to 16 years in prison, while the appeals high court reduced his sentence to 13 years. The uncombed man went to prison twice, but each time he was freed after the Supreme Court intervened. After an ordered replacement of the judicial senate, repeated acquittals were finally handed down, the last of which was upheld by the High Court in March this year.
However, the chairman of the appeals panel, Jiří Lněnička, also stated in the reasons for his conclusions that the decision was wrong, but that he had no better option given the procedural situation. He said he had dismissed the prosecutor's appeal against the acquittal, even though her appeals were justified.
"The problem with this is not that there is a lack of evidence, but an evaluation of it. We believe that a sufficient amount of evidence was gathered during the pre-trial proceedings that would have been sufficient in another criminal case to establish guilt," Lněnička said.
However, both the Hradec and the Supreme Court viewed the case differently and their opinion would probably not be changed by another overturning of the acquittal.
Epilepsy complicated his love of sports, thanks to surgery he has new hope
For the first time, Honzík's parents noticed that something was wrong with him in a year and a half. He always stared into space for a few minutes, froze, and did not respond to anyone. So the pediatrician sent him to a pediatric neurological clinic, where doctors diagnosed him with epilepsy after a series of examinations and immediately put him on medication, which did not work immediately.
It took nearly a year for doctors to find the ideal combination of drugs that stopped him having seizures altogether. At the age of five, doctors discontinued his medication, and because the seizures did not return, his parents assumed that Honza was healthy and began to lead him more into sports. He rode his bike, skied, played tennis and floorball, and spent his free time playing with his sister and friends. At the age of eleven, however, he had another seizure and it all started again.
The doctors tried different drug combinations again, but this time nothing worked, the seizures in the form of absences kept recurring. Since John always lost consciousness during a seizure, his parents were terrified that he would get it while playing sports and get hurt. Gradually, Jan stopped riding his bike and replaced his downhill skis with cross-country skis and snowboard. Although from time to time sport gave him a seizure, he never quite gave it up. He even fulfilled his dream and ran the Spartan Race, but together with a friend who kept an eye on him to help in case of emergency.
When Honza was 15 years old, his parents decided to try to change doctors and turned to specialists at the University Hospital in Motol. After a series of examinations, doctors there concluded that John was a candidate for surgery to remove a lesion from his brain - the source of epileptic seizures. "I had to have two surgeries in a row, first the doctors inserted probes into my brain that scanned its activity, then they were able to remove my lesion. It's been weeks of hell for me. I just had to lie down and hardly move, with wires sticking out of my head that were connected to the computer," Honza recalls.
The operation was successful and doctors removed the relatively large lesion. "The first days after the surgery it was very mentally demanding, Jan was listless, confused, sad and hardly spoke. Compared to how lively and communicative he normally is, it was a terrifying change, but fortunately everything returned to normal after a few days," the mother describes, adding: "One and a half months after the operation he had one seizure, but according to the doctors it happens. He's been seizure-free for three months."
This school year Honza will be graduating, besides sports he enjoys languages and he started to cooperate with the E Society, with which he goes around schools for discussions about epilepsy. Honza is not fully engaged in sports activities yet, he is slowly returning to the sport. "I'm learning how to play sports properly, how to breathe well so that I don't put my body under sudden stress, which is quite a challenge with my competitive nature," explains Honza.
This year, therefore, he will not actively participate in the traditional EPPI canoeing triathlon, which brings together patients with epilepsy and healthy athletes, which will take place this weekend, September 28, 2019, at the Veselská sandpit. But hopefully next year it will.
XXX Lutz may buy competitor Kika, the authority has authorized. But there's a catch
"The Office for the Protection of Competition has allowed the merger of competitors - XLCEE-Holding GmbH, on the one hand, and Kika Nábytek and Lambda Properties Czechia, on the other hand - subject to the fulfilment of structural commitments set in favour of maintaining effective competition," said ÚOHS spokesman Martin Švanda.
XLCEE- Holding owns Möbelix stores in addition to the XXX Lutz chain. If it also absorbed the Kika chain, it would occupy too large a share of the Czech furniture and accessories market. It must therefore divest part of the acquired company.
XLCEE-Holding also buys Kika branches in other countries where the chain operates, i.e. in Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. There, too, the transaction must be authorised by the antitrust authorities. The purchase of 22 foreign branches of the Kika chain from the Signa holding was announced by XXX Lutz in May. Signa took over the failing Kiku last year at a symbolic price.
The Before it was taken over by the Austrian company Signa, it had been owned by the South African company Steinhoff International Holdings since 2013. It faced problems when it discovered discrepancies in its accounts. Kika has nine stores in the Czech Republic.
XXX Lutz has been active in the Czech Republic since 2010. In addition to IKEA, Sconto, Jysk and Asko-Nábytek, Kika is one of the largest furniture retailers on the domestic market. The Möbelix brand has the same owner. After taking over Kika's foreign branches, XXX Lutz will already operate over 300 department stores in 12 countries. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is 4.4 billion euros (about 114 billion CZK).
The library commemorates the anniversary of Wenceslas IV's death with an exhibition of manuscripts
Six rare historical manuscripts from the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries, i.e. from the time of the Roman and Czech king Wenceslas IV, can be viewed today and on Saturday by people in Prague's Clementinum. The National Library released them from its vaults to commemorate the 600th anniversary of Václav's death this year. This morning, librarians and restorers placed rare originals in cases in the Mirror Chapel. Admission to the exhibition is free, it is open both days from 10:00 to 18:00.
The exhibition of documents entitled Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the Royal Office and Library of Wenceslas IV was prepared by the library together with the National Archives. The National Archives looks at written heritage from the reign of Wenceslas IV from the point of view of official documents and the National Library from the point of view of literary works, said its author Jan Vojtíšek.
"Visitors can look forward, for example, to a work on agriculture by Peter de Crescentiis, which is essentially a kind of encyclopedia of agriculture, or to the breviary, i.e. the prayer book of one of the Benedictines of St.George's Monastery at Prague Castle, from the beginning of the 15th century," he said, listing the reasons why he thought people should look at the exhibition.
Epistles of Peter of Blois will also be exhibited, where the opening miniature H (enrico) depicts the half-figure of the English king Henry II. The author of the decoration is most likely the Master of Samson's History, who in addition to two volumes of the Bible of Wenceslas IV also participated in the decoration of a number of other manuscripts. Visitors will also see John Wycliffe's Latin collection of tracts from about 1411 to 1414.
Not a single book from the library of Wenceslas IV has survived in the Czech Republic. According to experts, this library was one of the largest and most beautiful book collections in Central Europe at the time, as the young king longed to build a representative library to match the book collections of his French relatives. The library closed soon after Wenceslas" death. Apparently, it was stolen or destroyed during the conquest of the castle by the Hussites. Several of the codes were saved. Most of them are now owned by the Austrian National Library.
"We have a number of treasures in our collections and I am glad that they are in a state that allows them to be exhibited and made available to the public so-called live and not only in the form of the Manuscriptorium digital library," said Martin Kocanda, director of the National Library.
On the day of Saturday's national holiday, an exhibition entitled What's Under the Floor, which presents local archaeological discoveries, will be opened in Klementinum free of charge.
Kristýna Plíšková did not make it to the final, her second title eludes her so far
She won her first WTA tournament here in 2016 and also this year she performed very well.
After winning against Paolini, Kawa and Kuzmova, she reached the top four.
But the match against Alison Van Uytvanck did not go well for Christine. The Belgian held her serve and broke Pliskova's serve twice in the first set. In the second set, Van Uytvanck went ahead early 3-0 and the reversal was not successful for Kristýna, although she managed to convert one of her glasses in the end. In the last she deflected one match point, but in the second it came to an end.
Petra Cernocka changed her image and did well! She grew young in her fair hair
Film Saxana Petra Černocká (69) looks absolutely fantastic for her age. Although she will celebrate the jubilee of her life in November, she has never looked like a pensioner. And now she's helped. She changed her image until her colleagues didn't recognize her.
Actress Petra Černocká never looked like a typical grandmother who had her hair streaked with gray paint, wore sedentary clothes and made sporadic trips to society. She's always taken care of herself, and the older she gets, the more she can unwind her image.
Luckily, she didn't succumb to the plastic surgery trend and takes care of her skin with good old-fashioned indulon. And her anti-wrinkle formula is paying off. But now she had changed her hair color and seen right through it.
When she came to a social event where celebrities were saying goodbye to summer, no one could recognize Petra. Not only was her hair lighter and shorter, but she was dressed in a yellow jacket that made her even brighter.
Ladies should learn from Saxana how not to underestimate that even on the cusp of 70, they can take risks with their looks. And it paid off for Petra, she looks fifty at the most.
Traveler Sigismund or General Bocek. Senate handed out commemorative medals
The 96-year-old Boček, who was a fighter of the british air force during the second world war, on behalf of all the awarded medals thanked. "The Senate was one of the first that did not forget and does not forget war veterans," he said. "The award I received today also belongs to my friends who are no longer with us," he added.
In his speech, Kubera warned against dividing society. "Let us not forget our roots, which unite and shape us all, whether we like it or not. After all, our successful present is based on these values," Kubera said.
The awardees were cardiologist and the most cited Czech scientist Renata Cífková, long-time rector of Tomas Bata University in Zlín Petr Sáha, geologist, writer and traveller and popularizer of science Václav Cílek, chairman of the Czech Biathlon Association and vice president of the World Biathlon Union Jiří Hamza and František Paštěka. The upper house praised his heroism - in January this year, he saved the lives of his neighbor and his two-year-old granddaughter when he pulled them from a burning car. Former upper house chairmen Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch also received medals.
Zikmund, together with Jiří Hanzelka, undertook a number of travel expeditions around the world, during which they collected a number of documentary material. Fištejn was a commentator and director of Radio Free Europe, and now works with the public media. Steigerwald also works as a playwright and screenwriter, the musician Kocáb was the head of the parliamentary commission for the supervision of the expulsion of Soviet troops.
The medal was awarded in advance to astronomer and head emeritus of the United Nations Office for Space Affairs, Luboš Perek, on the occasion of his 100th birthday in July. By the end of the year, the same award will be given to the Czech native and first US secretary of state, Madeleine Albright, and to the British philosopher and political scientist Roger Scruton, who, among other things, participated in the activities of the so-called underground university during the communist regime in the former Czechoslovakia.
The app will help equip workshops. For points gained by movement
Equip the woodworking workshop of the Hodonín Integrated School with new hand tools. This can now be done by all those who download the EPP Help by Moving app to their mobile phones.
"With your movement you collect points, which you then add to our project account. You don't have to be a race runner or a cyclist, points are added even when you walk your dog or shop, go for a walk or walk to work," said Hodonín school principal Eva Schmidová. The project was one of the most interesting of the huge number of other applications for the ČEZ Foundation. The app will only be active for one month.
