Unusually open and unique image of Karl Gotta in the feature documentary film Olga Špátová
This unique film from the workshop of Olga Špátová will premiere in Czech cinemas in the spring of next year.
"In mid-September last year, I got a call from Ivanka and Karel Gott, and they asked me if I would make a documentary about his life with Karl again after ten years. I didn't hesitate for a minute! Filming with the man who endured more than half a century in the spotlight of Czech culture thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and immeasurable hard work, the was and is for me a great honor. The challenge, to film a feature length documentary film about Karel Gott, the which his art brings joy to have three generations of listeners, I adopted as a commitment to this legendary singer," describes his feelings director Olga Špátová.
The first day of filming, thanks to a quick agreement and agreement, took place already 22. October last year and the last footage with Karl Gott was filmed a few days ago. The goal was and is absolutely clear - to capture authentically Karel Gott as a phenomenal singer, which gives their supporters, as a painter, but at the same time a loving husband and father of their children. The man who sixty years handing out their songs of joy to several generations not only in us but also in Europe, and actually worldwide. A man who enrolled in the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The Film is not to be a parade of the undisputed fame of Karl Gott and his achievements. "Therefore, it is not even possible to compare my previous film phenomenon Gott with this current one. Everyone's different. At least the fact that we were filming in a different life stage of Karel Gott, and it is very reflected in his personal, to intimate confessions, which has provided us with and which all of us realized, with the legend we got the opportunity to work and spend time, which is indeed indescribable," adds Olga Špátová.
The creators intercepted by Karel Gott in his speeches, in meetings with his fans in the us and in Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, at the cottage in the Czech Switzerland, in village where he spent his childhood, and other places, which has played in his life an important role. Thus, thanks to the sincere openness of Karl Gotta, the Film will be completely authentic and unique.
"Olga has a great gift of film with his close team so that we often got carried away spontaneous atmosphere and naturally we let into our privacy, which I'll talk about topics relatively confidential. She and her husband, cameraman Jan Painter, have actually become part of our family. We originally wanted to introduce the film in 2019, when I celebrated my life Jubilee. But since I had a beautiful summer with my family, I wanted us to film as long as possible. Well, and since I was everywhere in 2019, my wish was that it be put in theaters in the spring of next year. This documentary film is a thank you to my supporters and everyone who supported and accompanied me in my profession," says Karel Gott himself.
Insects are up to sixty times less than 40 years ago
No other animal class is more represented in nature than insects. Beetles, butterflies and other species make up more than half of life on Earth. But there are growing reports that the insect empire is radically shrinking. Further scientific studies on this topic came out just this week and the situation is much more serious than humanity has not yet become aware.
The study is based on field research in the tropical forest of Puerto Rico, in which American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As they write in the beginning of the report, insects are now "ten to sixty times less"in the forest. This is the decline of the entire population, not the number of species, and the research involved not only insects but all arthropods. Due to the extinction of insects then dwindling populations and other fauna, which is in the food chain to the insects dependent, such as birds, frogs or lizards.
The authors of the research put their conclusions in direct reference to climate change. The average air temperature in the forest has risen, according to them, for the past thirty years by two degrees Celsius, and warming has become the driving force behind the collapse of the food chain. The study by the team of authors shows that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems may be much greater than previously assumed.
The report was published Monday in the Washington Post, which reports the new findings in the headline as hyperalarming. "This is one of the most disturbing articles I have ever read," the newspaper said entomologist David Wagner from the University of Connecticut, whose leaf quoted as an independent expert.
The extinction of insects also affects Europe. "In our country, the decline is also the order of magnitude," notes Lukáš Čížek from the Entomological Institute of the Academy of Sciences. But, in addition to climate change, he says, landscape changes that play a major role in Europe need to be taken into account. "We're just running significantly longer than Puerto Rico," he adds, explaining why in the rainforest compared to 70. the flights could have been measured by such a rapid decline by scientists.
Czechs in Europe Ondrej Bousky: should Czechoslovakia in 1938 reject the Munich Agreement and go to war with Germany? Three times no
The undated image captures Adolf Hitler visiting the Czechoslovak border fortifications. The task of the fortresses was never to stop the German army, but to slow its advance before the allies became involved.
If, almost exactly 81 years ago, Czechoslovakia rejected the Munich Agreement and subsequently faced a German attack, what would eliminate the most Czechoslovak soldiers from the fight? German tanks, Air Force, or maybe artillery? Quite possibly, it would not be one of these weapons, even if the Germans had overwhelming superiority over the Czechoslovakians. The Czechoslovak Army would probably suffer the biggest losses-due to blisters.
Police union chairman Stepanek resigns, wants to live as a free man
The chairman of The Independent Union of police Milan Stepanek decided to leave his post. This was reported on Friday by the Czech Radio-Radio Channel. Stepanek has led the unions since 2005. He will be chairman of the unions for two more months. He will remain with the police after leaving the Union.
"I can confirm that I have handed my written resignation to the bureau this week, after which I will continue to serve for two months to the fullest," Stepanek told Radiožurnál. "I have decided as a free man who does not want to be forever attached to the Union. And who wants to live a calmer life, " he said.
The Independent Union of the police of the Czech Republic brings together members and employees of the security forces or employees of the Ministry of internal affairs. The union has also been involved in police protests against budget cuts or petitions for better conditions for security forces. He also got into a dispute with then Home Secretary Radek John in 2011 and organised a petition for his resignation. The leadership of the governing coalition later agreed on John's departure.
Museum in sEmily returns to velvet revolution with exhibition
An imitation of a standardisation room with a TV showing footage of a brutal crackdown by police on 17-year-old students. November 1989 in Prague. This is also on the new exhibition of the Museum in sEmily, which is dedicated to the Velvet Revolution. "The basis is to present what happened in Semil after the events in the National class," said the exhibition curator Tomáš Chvátal.
"I would say that the atmosphere was fundamentally the same everywhere, with the first demonstration in sEmily 22. and then every day more people gradually packed up, " he said. Among the most active belonged from the beginning a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěchy, which as one of the city and nearest surroundings of the signed Charter 77, and the spouses of my Grandfather's, who expanded the Several sentences petition. A Civic Forum was formed quite quickly, according to Haste. "One specification is that there was a very strong group of local doctors in the Civic Forum," the curator said.
About 50 photographs are expected to draw visitors into the town, pictures taken 30 years ago by Karel Barta. Video of general strike 27 has also been preserved. November 1989 filmed by František Tomíček, which will be in the loop released throughout the exhibition. At the demonstration, Ivan spoke and also sang a voice. The Semil archive also lent a number of preserved banners to the exhibition. "It was up to them: let's not get drunk, from trough to trough, we don't want violence," he said. Some changes in the city were very rapid at that time, for example, already in December, people in the all-German vote decided that the Square would be Riegrovo and canceled the previous name Gottwald.
The exhibition also captures events ahead of the November events. "In the first part, we present to the memorials and students what was before, such a late normalization. I think that we have managed to collect a unique id from Semil, whether they are banners with various communist slogans or bronze plaque of the former museum of the labor movement," said Hurried. One room is meant to give a sense of what it might have looked like in the living room of an ordinary household at the time.
The last part of the exhibition, in turn, focuses on what was after the Velvet Revolution. The focus is on the first free elections. "We wallpapered one room with election posters. Who has experienced it, so you back over the posters With us to Europe, or there is Václav Klaus, still under the name OF with a beautiful motto Each for his community," added the curator.
Let the fans be positive, he wants hash. Sparta awaits smash hit in Pilsen
"We will play at the limit of possibility, we will do everything in our power to succeed. To manage the game both in the game and in the results, " Spartan Martin Hašek said in an interview on Club television.
In the week goal decided Cup duel in Jihlava (2:1). Sparta advanced to the next round, which was an obligation for her. She's relieved, but the arcade continues to suffer.
Although the season is slowly spilling over into the second period, football Sparta still looking for the face that at the beginning of your engagement spoke coach Václav Jílek.
"But it's still Sparta who have very good players. We have a difficult game ahead, " warns Pilsen's Roman Procházka.
When the Spartans last arrived in Strunc orchards, in mid-May it was an unambiguous affair in the superstructure. The visitors left after a soulless performance with a 0-4 thrashing, the biggest in the history of the Czech league.
While there was an eight-point difference between the clubs in the table before the match, Sparta now lost nine points after ten games of the new season. He is experiencing one of the worst entries of the season ever.
"It's not an easy situation either for us or for the fans who would like to see their beloved club elsewhere than it is at the moment," Hashek says. "But we would like them to continue to support us, stay positive and stand behind us."
Sparta does not know if he will be able to take advantage of Tetteh, who was given a two-match suspension for suspension in Pilsen, but appealed against him on Friday.
Costa remains the only cadre to remember the last Spartan victory in Pilsen in 2011.
The home side, who have won their last five matches including Wednesday's Cup in Hlučín, should only be missing midfielder Čermák. And as captain, they should be led into the match by defender James Brabec, a Spartan midfielder.
Download free Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on PC, time you have until Thursday
The link to both games is on the Epic Store here. You can include the Games in your library and directly via the web, but you need to download The Epic Games Launcher client to play. You have until 3. October.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original 2010 game, adding both graphic and gameplay changes from the sequel to Last Light.
The story on the motives of the eponymous book of Dmitry Glukhovsky takes place in 2033 in Russia after the nuclear war. The Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Humanity had to resort under the ground, in our case to the vast complexes of the Moscow Metro.
"Take the post-apocalyptic world and the oppressive atmosphere of the unknown, reduce it to the vastness of the world and add a lot of spectacular scripts and action passages and tradáá: Metro 2033 is in the world," we wrote on the Bonuswebu in the contemporary review.
Everything is in contrast, relaxing game-unplayable in a procedurally generated world that carries the message of the English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. A player can become anything from animals to trees to the planet.
To view the video, you must have JavaScript support turned on.
"Frightening result of the study."Islam does not belong to the West, thinks the vast majority of Austrians
Surveyed 1,200 respondents, the survey shows a considerable distrust of Islam in Austrian society.
Nearly 60 percent of Austria's residents fear that some Muslims are terrorists, and 48 percent would call for a ban on the construction of mosques. For greater monitoring of the Centers of Islam, 80 percent of those polled.
Most Austrians also hopes that the muslims were restricted in their religious practices, and argues that due to the presence of muslims sometimes feel in their own country as strangers.
"The result of the study is scary," says study author Wolfgang Aschauer and adds: "Such a tendency to ethnocentrism could eventually lead to the adoption of discriminatory attitudes. Religious freedoms granted to Muslims are in danger of narrowing."
For believers, the critical attitude is less pronounced. Aschauer argues that in Austria this is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. Dialogue and education could help numb polarization, according to the sociologist.
The most hostile attitudes toward Muslims are held by far-right voters, people without higher education or seniors over 75, according to the study. The Greens voters, people under 30 and undergraduates, are the most welcoming.
According to the estimates of the Austrian Interior Ministry, about 700 thousand Muslims live in Austria, which has about 8.7 million inhabitants. The vast majority have Turkish roots. The country has more than 400 muslim houses of prayer and mosques, and islam is officially recognized as a religion since 1912.
Thomas Cook: Czechs kicked out of Hotel in Majorca Guarantees were not enough
The group's Austrian, German and Polish divisions also filed for insolvency this week. The future of the Czech branch is currently under discussion and should be decided by the end of September.
According to vice-president of the Association of travel agencies of the CZECH republic Jana Pope are in the game three variants of possible solutions - will be declared the liquidation, or the company sells, or the team from the Czech branch to start a new travel agency. "Which one it will be, but cannot be predicted, will depend on the German owner," he told CTK today.
In addition to two prematurely completed tours, CK also deals with cases where clients have had to pay for their stay, although the company is trying to provide guarantees to hoteliers. CK has promised to pay its clients the payments, saying the company has sufficient collateral to do so.
Problems in hotels arose mainly in Mallorca, where the company also asked the Czech consulate for help. In this regard, the pope CTK described one of the cases when the hotel there threw out all the tourists offices. "The hotelier could not determine who belongs under German and who under Czech society. He therefore kicked everyone out of the hotel even though the domestic Neckermann provided guarantees," he said. According to Shrapek, the situation eventually resolved.
The Czech branch of the bankrupt british group Thomas Cook last year increased its sales to 995 million, year-on-year by almost 21 percent more, it follows from the annual report of the company. Includes the financial year from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. In contrast, the company's net profit fell by about seven million to 15.3 million crowns. However, from previous years, the company had a net loss of nearly 103 million kroner. The branch includes two basic divisions-in addition to CK Neckermann, it is still the Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump Considers Canceling registration of Chinese shares in U.S.
US President Donald Trump's administration is considering revoking Chinese firms ' permits to trade in stock markets in the United States. An informed source told Reuters today. Such a move would be a radical escalation of trade tensions between the US and China. Shares of the affected companies on the New York Stock Exchange immediately headed down after the report, dragging down the entire market.
The stock recall would be part of a broader effort to curb U.S. investment in China, the source added. This was confirmed by a Bloomberg report that had shocked financial markets shortly before. Shares of chinese companies Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI lost from two to four percent.
Shares of 156 Chinese firms are trading on the US stock exchanges Nasdaq and NYSE, according to government data from February. There are also at least 11 state-owned enterprises.
The Bloomberg agency noted that no precise mechanism has yet been worked out to secure the withdrawal of Chinese companies ' shares from U.S. stock exchanges. A potential plan would have to be approved by Trump, who gave the negotiations on the issue the green light.
China and the US have been waging a trade war with each other for more than a year, imposing tariffs on each other. The dispute between the two countries has a negative impact on the world economy, raising fears of a recession in the global economy. Washington is trying to force Beijing to change its trade practices and reduce China's surplus in U.S. trade with tariffs.
10, according to CNBC television, trade negotiations between the U.S. and China should be resumed. October. His goal is to end the trade war.
Police have charged CzechTourism manager Alesh Pangrác over promotional contracts
Police have charged former manager of the state agency CzechTourism Ales Pangrác over promotional contracts. Pangragher confirmed earlier this week that he had taken over the allegations. Czech Television (ČT) reported last year that police officers were investigating contracts worth CZK 38 million in the case. Some of the money was going back to Pangarat, police said. In the case, criminalists were also interested in the minister for regional development Klára Dostálová (for Yes), whose Resort CzechTourism falls. The investigation into the case continues, according to the server.
Detectives from the National Anti-organised crime command provided evidence in the case in the second half of last November. They were, for example, at the headquarters of the Ministry of regional development, at the headquarters of CzechTourism, at the Autodrome in the bridge or at the Sports Invest agency. The service computer was also taken from the minister's apartment. In the court's order to the search Dostálové, which has previously quoted THURS, said the minister to decide in 2016, when she was deputy, on the expenditure CzechTourismu in favor of the elect people through an intermediary and outside of the standard official procedure. Dostálová then stated that he feels absolutely innocent, not at fault, everything can document and fully cooperate with the police.
The agency said it was an individual misconduct. Media earlier reported that the former director of the department of regional partnership in CzechTourismu Ales Pangráce, which was withdrawn due to the results of the audit. This resulted in 48 problematic contracts being concluded by CzechTourism.
"Yes, they accused me. But I don't want to comment further," Pangarat told the North's list of reports.
Vandal destroys Dobruska cemetery
According to the announcement received by police, the vandalism at the scattering Meadow inside dobrus cemetery was due to take place between 13 on Wednesday. and 17. hour.
"Material damage was enumerated at 60 thousand crowns. Police are asking any witnesses of the event, to his knowledge disclose personally at the station or by telephone on freephone 158," said police spokesman Lucy's Final.
CSIS are investigating the case as foreign property damage and disorderly conduct, which carries up to a three-year prison sentence.
Hundreds of enslaved children freed from religious school in Nigeria
According to the BBC there were nearly five hundred men and boys, the agency Reuters with reference to police commissioner reported that there were over three hundred children from five years above. Some were handcuffed with chains to each other, others were chained to iron circles in the wall.
Kaduna police chief Ali Janga told the BBC that the raid at the school was carried out following the allegations. He described the school as a house of horror. Starved people were held there by violence, tortured and sexually abused. They couldn't leave, there was razor wire over the walls. According to him, this is a case of slavery.
Several people were arrested in the raid, according to police spokesman Jakubu Saboa.
The children told police they were taken to school by parents or relatives, saying it was a religious school. "We have identified two children who are from Burkina Faso, but most have been brought here by parents from Nigerian states in the North," a Sabo spokesman said to identify the victims. Nigerian states in the north of the country are predominantly Muslim.
Imam Ahmad bin Hanbal's school posed as a religious school aimed at studying the Koran.
The freed were taken to a stadium where they are provided with assistance and food. Some have already met with relatives.
French chef sues Michelin over star removal I suffer from depression, he says
Famed French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star in January this year, a year after he won it. With the publisher of the red guide, he intends to judge in order to receive the exact reasons for the degradation. Veyrat also doubts the competence of Michelin inspectors, who he says mistook saffron for Cheddar. The first trial is scheduled to take place in November.
The chef of the famous restaurant La Maison de Bois in the alpine region in Upper Savoy came in January of this year about one of three michelin stars. The publisher of the prestigious Le Guide Michelin will be judged because the commissioners ' conclusion, he said, was not properly justified. In addition, the removal of the asterisk, he said, occurred without any notice. "I have been suffering from depression for six months. How dare you mess with the health of the chefs?"Veyrat told the commissioners.
Michelin, he said, provided the chef with only vague reasons, such as that the chef put Cheddar in the soufflé, which he did not like. "I put saffron in it and the gentlemen thought it was Cheddar because it was yellow. From the beginning, I have been working with Savoy ingredients lovingly, " he said of Veyrat's decision. He is convinced about the strong incompetence michelin commissioners: "You are crooks who only provoke disputes for commercial reasons."An indignant Veyrat does not understand" how could they afford to say that we put in our soufflé cheddar". "It offended our region, my staff was mad about it," he said. We have eggs from our hens, milk from our own cows, gardeners collect fresh herbs every morning," he said.
Significant chef, always with a black hat on his head and dark glasses, is an opponent of the new generation of michelin commissioners, and, therefore, calls for the decommissioning of its restaurants from red guide. However, the publisher refuses to do so. "If the business remains open and our inspectors re-select it, we will continue to recommend it," says Gwendal Poullennec, Michelin's International director.
According to Michelin, the chef's lawsuit says he has no meaningful charges yet and a lawyer is yet to help formulate them. "We regret that Mr. Veyrat communicates roughly with us. But we will examine his comments carefully, " he said.
In addition to La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart owns two other three-star restaurants.
Technically perfect confusion with a weak scenario. Gemini with Will Smith hasn't shaken criticism
The dystopian sci - fi spectacle Gemini (Gemini Man) boasts an interesting premise-Will Smith will face his younger version in the film. But critics say the story is the weakest part of the film. The picture will be viewed in Czech cinemas 10. October.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is an absolute top in his field. It kills effectively and without unnecessary questions. But one day he decides to hang his career on a nail. Of course, his employers don't like that, sending another killer to Henry. The catch is that the killer is Henry himself, more precisely, his younger clone created from DNA. Can one determined man win a fight on his own? Literally this time.
A certain guarantee of quality was supposed to be the three-time Oscar winner Ang Lee. Although it is his first sci-fi, but with dramatic action films has a wealth of experience, as demonstrated, for example, in the above-mentioned Tiger and a dragon or a western Ride with the devil. Six screenwriters collaborated on the script. The most famous is certainly David Benioff, one of the creators of the great-success Game Of Thrones. But according to the first reviews, all this was not enough for a good film.
"While Ang Lee is trying to do great things in technical filmmaking, the film itself doesn't have enough character to highlight it," says Fionnuala Hannigan of Screen Daily.
"This unsatisfactory film is less than a summary of all the talents that participated in it. The weak script and plot are held together only by the technological magic of filmmakers, " Stephen Dalton of The Hollywood Reporter magazine summed up his opinion.
"Gemini is a case in which a huge amount of work has resulted in an incredibly united action movie," says Variety reviewer Peter Deburge, disillusioned.
"A confused product comes with a bizarre idea," Ella Kemp of the IndieWire website summed up the film in her review.
"It's hard to care that one man is a doppelganger to another when neither man acts like a person," wrote Nicholas Barber of The Wrap website.
Overview of bank accounts for children on the Czech market
Children's bank accounts provide free of charge. However, the offer needs to be considered because some other services to the accounts are already chargeable. "The motivation of banks to offer accounts for children whose basic leadership tends to be free is straightforward. Financial houses are counting on forgiven fees to be refunded one day. The small migration of Czechs between banks is probably not wrong, " says Kristyna KUNC from dtest.
"Small bills," she says, can do almost anything for adults. The child gets his own credit card, can input payments, monitor movements on the account, somewhere has their own electronic banking. While banks will set up the account, it is up to parents to teach children how to treat them and also control their pay.
"Quite flexibly, the parent can set weekly or monthly limits, turn on and off individual services and the like. But above all, it can monitor what is happening on the account, whether by viewing over the internet, or through information SMS. Beware, these may no longer be free," KUNC adds, adding: "If a parent is considering an account for their child, he should consider his abilities and options."
Strict but fair, we enjoy the hours! This is how the benešov Gymnastics see their favorite Cantor writer
Humanism should be present in every good book, Pavel Hoza is convinced. The high school teacher of Czech and history is also a poet, prosaic and literary life builder in a small town.
Over the lyrics of Pavel Hoza, Bohuslav Reynek comes to mind. His poetry, his paintings. Bare trees, whitish country buildings, trembling grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old roads and people who have been after them for centuries. Grieving, cursing, blessing. This Reynkův contemporary successor teaches at the grammar school in Benešov, Czech language, literature and history, in the local Café on the word runs the equivalent of the prague Viola, and holds an annual Benešovský literary festival.
Wife Swap: parents cruelly abused Ondra He ended up in an asylum
It was nerve-wracking. Allegedly troubled son Ondrej (9)was harshly punished by his father. "He came home from school and lied about his snack. Luke looked at me and said he was going to kneel as punishment," Lucie said in the exchange. Dad Luke made little Ondra kneel in the corner for hours! Off-camera, he said, he had to suffer like this on a wooden foot massage mat! "Andrew to me after the shoot came and said to me - auntie, I'm doing the aggro and notes just because I wasn't here, because I want to go to the institute," described Lucia moment to fully understand what is behind the doors of the studio going on. And the wish finally came true for the boy...
His condition was so severe that he was taken away from the family after filming and placed for a month at the educational Care Centre in české Budějovice. He returned briefly to his father and surrogate mother Aneta (28), but then went to the diagnostic Institute for troubled children. "When I got home, Aneta immediately posted me on Facebook," we wrote. She was most interested in whether we got the money. I barely responded to that. But then she texted me that little was in the asylum, that then they gave him back, now he's in the diagnostic. They are both out of work, " says mum Lucie from Pilsen.
Lightning, of course, also addressed the other side, but received only a vague answer. "I'm not in the mood, I'm sick, call later," Aneta said and hung up the phone.
Sparta doesn't want to lose Tetteha in Pilsen. She appealed against the two-match sentence
Football Sparta have appealed against a two-match penalty for striker Benjamin Tettehe, who was given a disciplinary hearing by the player for suspension in Sunday's Derby with Slavia (0-3).
The flight club reported on its Twitter account and is now awaiting a verdict from the appeals board.
Half of the penalty had already been served by Tetteh in Wednesday's Home Cup match in Jihlava. Sparta are now aiming for the 22-year-old Ghana striker to start in Sunday's showdown at No. 11. the rounds of the first league in Pilsen.
The situation from last October could be repeated. At the time, Olomouc appealed against a penalty for Simon falta, who was given a one-match suspension by the Disciplinary Committee on Thursday for his suspension against Liberec.
The appeals board failed to hear the case, so delayed the sentence and Falta could appear on Saturday, ironically against Sparta.
The commission finally confirmed the one-match penalty for the Olomouc midfielder in the following week and Falta missed the following duel with Zlín.
The disciplinarian halted Tetteh's action for a foul on Hall of Famer David Hovorka, for which he scored at 82. a minute from referee Miroslav Zelinky straight red card.
The alleged spitting of a Ghanaian player on an opponent's captain, Tomas Souk, has not been proven.
The Germans chose Keller to head the Football Union
Fritz Keller, the former head of the Bundesliga Freiburg, is expected to become the new chairman of the German Football Union. The two-and-a-half-year-old winemaker, gastronomist and hotelier was elected unanimously for three years, with no opposition.
In office, Keller replaced Reinhard Grindel, who stepped down in April over an undisclosed income affair. His other predecessors, Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach, will go on trial for possible bribery in the 2006 World Cup.
Keller said one of the main goals would be to return Trust to the Union and lift it out of the crisis. "It will not be any One Man Show, many people will bear responsibility. Union is better than its reputation," said Keller, who all your tasks introduced under the slogan: Together we can do this.
After being elected to head the Union, Keller left his post in Freiburg.
Underground of the CSA mine in Karviné was on fire, no one was injured
There was a fire in the underground of the CSA mine in Karviné this morning. The cause of the fire is not yet known. But no one was injured in the incident, said Ivo Chelechovsky, a spokesman for the mining company for CTK.
The fire broke out at 04: 25 in poruba at a depth of about 1200 meters. "None of the employees were hurt, no one was injured. Ban rescuers immediately intervened at the scene, who destroyed the blaze and carried out field searches. The workplace was immediately closed and closed," the spokesman said. The exact cause of the fire will now be investigated by a special commission.
In the former Ostrava-karvinsk region Coal is already mined only in the karvinsk part, namely in the mines of ČSA, Lazy, Darkov, ČSM-North and ČSM-South. At the lazy mine, mining is expected to end later this year, with a gradual downturn awaiting other mines. The OKD mining company is the only producer of black coal in the Czech Republic, its production last year was 4.62 million tons. There are 9,000 people working in the mines.
Berlin responds to public pressure to tackle housing crisis Private firm buys 6,000 apartments
Berlin will buy from private Luxembourg firm ADO Properties SA for € 920m (£23.8 bn) 6,000 former social housing units the city sold 15 years ago. It is responding to pressure from the public who are rebelling against rocketing rental prices. According to Berlin senator Katrin Lompscher for the Left party (Die Linke), this is the largest such buyout in the history of the German capital. The opposition has criticised the move.
"The intention is to keep in the Berlin stable rents and give tenants certainty," the statement said berlin mayor Michael Müller (SPD). "At the same time, we will continue to build new apartments and legally treat the rent freeze," he added. The Municipal firm Gewobag will take over thousands of apartments located in the Spandau and Reinickendorf neighborhoods in the western part of the city this December.
According to Jefferies analyst Thomas Rothäusler, the city bought too expensive. Rothäusler told Bloomberg that his estimate of housing units overpaid about ten percent above their book value.
According to the German opposition party, the Liberals (FDP), Berlin authorities are contributing to property speculation. The FDP said on Twitter on Friday. The Alternative for Germany (AfD) party called the move a" waste of money."
By mid-July, Gewobag had recovered 670 apartments in Berlin's Karl-Marx-Allee Street, the weekly Der Spiegel reported on its website. The award was not made public at the time. The dispute over apartments in the former Exhibition Class of the Times of the GDR was accompanied by protests and filled the front pages of the German press. It became a symbol of the plight of tenants in large German cities, the newspaper wrote.
Meanwhile, the German metropolis used to be renowned for its low cost of living and low rents. But in recent years it has gained in attractiveness. Rental prices have doubled over the past decade, according to AFP, making it difficult for some residents to find affordable housing.
Nokia sues Brno firm over Lokia name People don't mistake us, moravans believe
Nokia has objected to Lokia's application to the Industrial Property Office. However, according to the CCV, product confusion is unlikely.
Brno-based software developer CCV is facing legal action from Finnish telecommunications equipment maker Nokia. The Finns do not like that the program of the Brno warehouse management company is called Lokia WMS, wrote The Diary E15. Nokia therefore objected to Lokia's application to the Industrial Property Office. The CCV judges that confusion is unlikely.
Marketing Director Petr Ondrášek said that the program used already two dozen customers, the market is since last September.
"The Nokia brand enjoys recognition and trust around the world. When someone attempts to register a mark, which we believe may lead to confusion or a weakening of our brand, we will take steps to protect our valuable assets," said the representative of Nokia, Mark Durrant.
The developers claim that the brand famous in the past mobile phones during the formation of the warehouse program didn't. Designation Lokia according to the CCV comes from the Latin name for one species of dragonfly, whose rapid movement is supposed to be analogous to the movement of warehouse staff for the warehouse.
"In the Czech market, the possibility of confusion is unlikely. We sell modern cloud software that companies equip their warehouse operations with,and we're not really going into the mobile phone manufacturing industry. And we don't want to be compared to brand, who may be missing a train in his field," CCV manager Tomáš kormaňák responded at E15.
The CCV applied for brand protection in August before launching the program at the Industrial Property Office. "Protection asked for the products and services belonging to classes 9, 35 and 42, since the software belongs to class 9, related business management services in the warehouse belongs to a class of 35 and development of computer software in class 42 under the international classification," said Ondrášek.
Objection Nokia's comes from the fact that the earlier trade mark Nokia is valid in all classes of products and services, and is thus covered by the broadest possible spectrum of products and services, and therefore, of course, overlaps also in classes 9, 35 and 42. "The CCV does not dispute the opponent's assertion as to the conformity of these product and service classes. Realistically, however, these are completely different brands targeting other Target groups," Ondrášek said.
The dispute over the brand could take months, according to E15, and could complicate the company's operations.
From Sydney to London in four hours? In 2030, maybe reality
Sabre combines a classic aircraft engine with a rocket. It is designed to power the aircraft at twice the speed of the Concords. "When the Sabre engine is put into service, it could allow us to reach Australia in about four hours," Turnock said. And, for example, the distance between London and New York could travel in one hour.
Server Independent notes that the so-called hypersonic flights, which is five times exceeds the speed of sound, are complicated due to the engine overheating. But Sabre (Synergetic air Breathing Rocket Engine) should cope with this problem by using super cold helium to prevent temperatures from rising.
"The most important thing on the Sabre is that it is a hybrid of rocket and aircraft engine, which is powered by the flow of the exhaust gas generated from the air," says Shaun Driscoll from the company Reaction Engines. "The missiles have not undergone such a large development in the last 70 years, while the aircraft did. So when the engines you combine, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and basically create a space plane," he added.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights expected to start around the middle of next year. Commercial flights then around 2030.
Kovosvit sells an administrative building and other halls. Expected rainy times
Due to the restructuring done last year Kovosvit with a consolidated loss of 100 million, consolidated turnover was 1.3 billion. Cook's staff shortages and shifts in subcontractors are among last year's major problems. This year, demand for machine tools has fallen by 10 to 20 percent year-on-year. "This is linked to the expected decline in turnover by ten per cent," the chief executive said. In 2017, Kovosvit had revenue of 1.3 billion crowns and Profit after tax of 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was $ 719 million.
Kovosvit now offers for sale several properties, halls and land that either does not use or only minimally. This also applies to the administrative building, where from five floors it uses two, and not yet completely. "Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to slimming down the metal, streamlining its activities. Selling assets is not part of any momentary solution, be it cash-flow, for example, but part of a long-term plan where we want to devote all resources to investment development," the CEO said.
About half of Kovosvit's production is exported. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, to a lesser extent Asia last year. This year, the chef ranks among India's most interesting, where he won a metalworking contract for five-axis machining worth 100 million kroner. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines for 30 million crowns to China. "There is another contract in the same volume that we would like to meet by the end of the year," Cook said. In the Russian market and elsewhere, Kovosvit faces restrictions due to sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centers to France, a company that is a subcontractor to Airbus. In May this year, she delivered another machine, one more should be delivered by the end of the year or early 2020.
The main corporate investment this year was the transition of heating from Steam to hot water for 20 million kroner. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average worker's wage is 28 500 Crowns. The company is looking for casting grinders for foundry, machiners, turning machines and electricians.
The company has been owned by industrialist and armourer Jaroslav Strnad since September 2016. The enterprise has a tradition in the production of machine tools. It was founded in 1939 by Tomáš Baťa. The company had up to three thousand employees in its time.
Milan Jakub: the Army stole the funeral for itself! Says Andor Shandor
There is still ambiguity around the funeral of Brigadier General Milan Jakub. Media speculated in the week that the army had planned a final farewell to the deputy director of military intelligence despite the family's wishes. There were also discrepancies over the funeral date. Defense Ministry spokesman Jan Pejšek denied this.
"It's nonsense! My family and I have been in touch since the beginning, there is a scheduled Friday funeral date, no one has changed it. As well as paying Military Tribute. We're just going to continue to address the potential media involvement with the family," Doggie said in a flash Wednesday. The funeral will ultimately take place on Friday and will not miss all military honours, including flying fighter jets.
But there is still a tense atmosphere around the final farewell to the popular general. The funeral ceremony will not be attended by people who have worked with the general in the past.
This is, for example, the former head of military intelligence Andor Shandor (62), who met Milan Jakub 17 years ago. Shandor remembers the former colleague as a hardworking, intelligent and "good guy."
In addition, he regularly met him in recent years at the anniversary celebrations of the founding of military intelligence. That is why he would like to say goodbye to Milan Jakub. "Personally, I would go to the funeral of Milan James," Shandor told Lightning. But he can't.
"I know of other people in the organization who would love to go, but they're unlucky because the potents are usurping the funeral for themselves," he said. I don't think it's right to privatise a funeral like this," said a security expert. He is also reportedly considering closing the ceremony to the public because of the secrecy of the military's top officials.
"The leadership of the army is not classified, and the leaders of military intelligence also not, because they need to be promoted to Prague Castle, we see them there. If the media's information is true and the family has really been put off by the military, of course it's a family matter. Personally, I would never allow the army to overwhelm the family and its wishes," Shandor concluded.
Milan Jakub died in a car crash near Spindleruv Mlyn on Saturday. The head-on collision of Milan's rapid with the Ford Mustang was allegedly caused by the driver of the sports car, Vojtech Ch. (31).
The amateur racer on the turn was supposed to drive into the opposite direction, with Milan Jakub apparently having no chance of preventing the clash. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the accident and may be carrying the consequences for the rest of her life. Police questioned the culprit of the accident on Thursday.
Comment by Jan Shindelář: manage the railways as a company
The celestial election, while apparently not entirely smooth, is the culmination of a sad story about the state's inability to give the railways a clear direction. The board has been incomplete for over a year, and even after Wednesday night, that hasn't changed since one of the members resigned. Makeshift takes place.
The selection process itself has been a farce from the outset because the requirements for candidates in particular in the field of practice have been significantly mitigated. As opposed to last year's selection, the size requirements for the firm in which the candidate was to operate in the past have diminished. First the members of the selection committee and then the supervisory board played only the role of pimprlat.
Celestial produced arguably the weakest professional resume of the five finalists, yet without the practice of a large company, he has smeared experienced players from the management of logistics giants and transport companies. Just attending interesting managers from the private sector was probably the brightest point (and best hope) of the whole process. Today, the people involved know that they have only played the role of storytellers in the political game.
Perhaps celestial surprises, shows great talent and eventually turns out to be the best runway boss of all time. At least in the beginning, though, it will be accompanied by the aftertaste of political newsworthiness. Czech Railways do not expect a light period, they have to cope with competition in the liberalization of the market and with a shortage of employees in operation. There are no train drivers, pushers and mechanics. What are the motivations for further work and respect for management when the state behaves like an elephant in the top leadership?
The second important group is creditors. How they play at the head of the railways, we'll see next spring when the railways defend their rating. What is certain is that lenders perceive instability. Sadly, Moody's goes to the Czech Railways to defend the rating every year. The agency has not escaped frequent changes in rail management and political influence over the company, it criticized earlier this summer.
The Yes movement, among other things, insists that the state should be governed as a company. For starters, it would be enough to run one large state company as a company, and not as a state. Czech Railways is still one of the largest companies in the country, and it would be good if the best ones led them. They reported, but the state despised them. It can certainly be argued that the post at the head of the Railways has always been a political matter. But then we can forgive ourselves for the antics of the selection process.
The pair wrapped the bitch with tape and drowned in the river, the bag was found by the children
The case took place in late July in the village around the Wallachian hat. The twenty-seven-year-old woman brought home a donated dog aged between one and two years old, which she wanted to take care of. But her ten-year-old partner did not like the fact that she was a bitch, so he decided to get rid of her.
"The animal wrapped with adhesive tape and rope and significantly eliminated his voice speech. He put the dog in a jute bag, which he tied. Then the animal was taken together to the river, where it was thrown in a bag. The moment the dog was thrown into the water, the dog was clearly alive, " said Zlín police spokeswoman Monika Kozumplíková.
The following day, the children, playing by the river, found a jute bag on the bank. When they opened it, they discovered the body of a dead dog inside. That's why they called the woman who was passing by and ran away. The woman reported the incident to the 158 police emergency services helpline.
"Thanks to the knowledge of the inhabitants of the city, the police found out who is most likely the perpetrator of this incredible act. And they weren't wrong. Both the man and the woman confessed to the crime and described how the incident took place," a police spokeswoman added.
Professional terms from the field of veterinary medicine confirmed that a dog died clearly agonizing way as a result of suffocation, when before the death of the animal suffering in the order of several minutes.
"The conduct of the perpetrators undoubtedly indicates a clear intent to rid the animal at all costs in this despicable way, even if they could donate or sell the dog. The commissioner of the Criminal Police of Zlín accused the pair of committing a crime of animal cruelty committed in an accomplice. Both charges so far unpunished could spend up to three years behind bars if convicted," Kozumplík noted.
Thank you for the dance! Singer Leonard Cohen's latest album comes out posthumously
Album Thank you for the dance (Thanks for the Dance) will contain unreleased material and various musical collaboration that put together the band leader's son. The Album comes out 22. November.
In October 2016, the album You Want It Darker was released, on which Cohen collaborated with his son Adam. He asked him to help him finish the songs. On the intimate recording, Cohen symbolically copes with the impending death. He died a month after the album was released at the age of 82.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen began working on materials left over from his father. He invited a number of musicians to collaborate - including Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mase and singer Beck.
"When we invented music for our father's words, we used his own characteristic musical procedures. So he's still with us," Adam Cohen said of the album. "What amazes me most about him is the reactions of those who have heard him before. One by one, they say Leonard is still alive," he added.
The first swallow of the album is the short song The Goal. "I'm almost alive, I'm Almost Home," Cohen sings in his characteristic honey voice. He sang about death, guessing that he would not live to see the release of the new material. He also admitted it in an interview with the New Yorker magazine a month before his death. "I'm ready to die. I hope it's not too uncomfortable," he said.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen released his father's poetry collection called The Flame. In Czech it comes out under the name flame 31. December at Argo publishing house.
The first miss Christ finally went to herself: she lost a few pounds and immediately saw through
The first modern miss of 1989, Ivana Christová (49) had long years of problems with being overweight, which causes not only physical problems, but especially the psychic. She suffered because of the fact that she has changed a lot since the time of Miss Czechoslovakia. But now it looks like she's taken the complaints to heart, and with the extra pounds she's gone into battle. Even if it's a long run.
She used to be a first-class beauty who also conquered Paris. But thirty years have passed since then, and Ivana Christova can only remember the beauty contest. Not only because of her fame, but also because of how skinny she was.
Over time, she decided not to comply with strict modeling rules, which ordered her to be as slim as possible and often not to eat. She decided to stop listening and started indulging in what she was craving.
But from hunger strikes she switched to overeating, which immediately signed on her figure. The extra kilos tried to disguise themselves with a variety of loose-fitting outfits, but added to the shapes.
Now it looks like Ivana was really into herself. She visibly lost weight, began to dress tastefully and appropriately to her fuller figure.
All present were surprised at the book launch of Miloš Zapletala (75), that again got and already has back features charming brunettes, who in 1989 entered into the history not only as the first winner of the Miss after the revolution, but also by what controversy her victory provoked.
Christová will forever be the first winner of beauty, but also the very first, to which the audience at the Palace of culture and sport in Ostrava whistled as the senses were deprived when she put on her crown.
"Parody of Justice."Scientist warned of cancer from pollution, sitting in a Turkish base
Sik, along with other scientists, participated between 2011 and 2015 in a study commissioned by the Turkish Ministry of Health. Her conclusion was that the pollution of water, soil and food in some industrial areas on the west of the country is related to the increased incidence of cancer among the local population.
The researchers mentioned above all the industrial zone of Dilovasi, which lies about 80 kilometers from Istanbul, and home to many chemical and metallurgical plants. People living in its surroundings, they say, suffer from cancer far more often than the international average.
Erdogan retaliates for coup, international criticism despite
Despite the study's clear conclusions, Sik said the government was not taking any action on the matter. He wrote several articles about the research in the opposition daily Cumhuriyet. Authorities subsequently began prosecuting him for leaking classified information.
"The study clearly showed the extent to which water resources were contaminated with toxic substances," Sik told reporters after the verdict. "The decision of the court shows that the results of studies directly related to public health can be clouded. This is unacceptable, " the scientist added.
"Turkish authorities should investigate this significant public health problem instead of pursuing people who sound the alarm through the courts," said Andrew Gardner of the Turkish branch of AI.
Environmental and human rights organizations have long accused the Turkish government of not enforcing environmental regulations despite the rapid development of industry in certain regions.
After a thwarted 2016 coup, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's regime launched a massive wave of arrests. Nearly 80,000 people are now behind bars, including a number of staff at Cumhuriyet newspaper. Authorities have also placed 150,000 civil servants and members of the armed forces off-duty or completely dismissed.
The opposition and human rights organisations accuse the government of using the coup attempt to persecute its opponents. But the authorities argue that these are measures necessary to ensure national security.
The fastest man on the planet has missed the tests. I don't take anything.
The traditionally high-profile battle for the fastest man on the planet will be at the world championships with defending champion silver Christian Coleman. The 21-year-old American is a 9.81-Second World Table leader and has only lost once this year. But his start at the peak of the season was under threat because of a case of missed doping tests.
The US Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) closed its case in early September without pressing charges for formal reasons. Coleman failed three doping tests last year and this year, but not in 12 months. His first offence was the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), dating back to 1. however, in April 2018, as of the beginning of the second quarter, the test itself missed up to 6. June. And because the third omission occurred 29. April 2019, Coleman pleaded not guilty to three unauthorized checks within 12 months.
Coleman defended himself for only forgetting to update the data in the app about the whereabouts of athletes. "I don't take drugs, I don't take anything legal. A lot of athletes take legal creatine or protein powder or various other supplements for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I work hard and that's what it's about," he said before the start of MS.
He suffered his only defeat in six starts this season at the Diamond League in Shanghai, where he was outclassed by compatriot Noah Lyles by just six thousandths of a second. He used Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League final, but will only run a two-shot lead at the world championships.
The paper's second-fastest competitor is 9.86-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who has only done well at American University competitions so far.
Defending the title will be seven-year-old American Justin Gatlin, who flashed a 9.87 ERA at Stanford in June. He ran the last hundred in Zagreb for just $ 10.29 because of a slight injury to his posterior femoral muscle.
South African Akani Simbine, three-time Rio Olympic medallist Andre De Grasse and European champion Zharnel Hughes are also among the favourites. The fastest Jamaican is 2011 world champion Yohan Blake with a time of 9.96.
The men's 100 will start on Friday and start on Friday. The semi-finals and finals are on the agenda on Saturday. The medal will be held at 21: 15 CEST.
Plane crash near Zhinkov in Pilsen: two people did not survive the accident
Two people were travelling on the plane, a man (†63) and a woman (†38). "The plane was requesting permission to land at Klatov Airport at half past nine in the evening," police spokeswoman Dana Ladman said. This was also the last record, at that time, according to the GPS coordinates, it was to be located near Vojovice near Zhinkov.
It did not reach klatov airport. After the lost aircraft sent a distress signal, the search immediately began. "A military helicopter was involved in addition to the police," police spokeswoman Martina Korand said. But there was no happy ending.
In the forest near Petrovic near Měčín, which is about six kilometers from where the plane was last reported, a helicopter crew noticed the wreckage before nine o'clock in the morning. "We found the plane and two bodies with no signs of life," Korand confirmed.
The crashed machine remained partially wedged in the branches of trees, the pieces also hit the ground nearby. "The cause of the accident, we will investigate in cooperation with professional experts and workers of the Institute for professional detection of the causes of air accidents," she added Korandová.
Civilization in borrowed time
Recently I remembered the beautiful "message" from one of the great stories Simek with Grossmannem set partly in a cemetery, which reads as follows: "I Pointed out to her that crying may be a good thing, but on someone's grave!"It occurred to me that a very similar to now treat many world politicians involved in a senseless fight against climate change.
They act as if human beings are ruling the planet Earth. In fact, we are just a speck on her surface, which she can blow out with her ominous forces like a gust of wind the flame of a candle. Few of them seem to be looking at famous British and American science papers discussing the destructive capabilities of our blue marble. After all, it would be enough for some of the larger active volcanoes to "get a grip" and our advanced civilization to repent.
And that this will happen in the near future is highly likely. A number of large volcanoes, in the opinion of leading volcanologists, have "charged and armed" (for example, Katla in Iceland).
In a way, it would be ideal if the eruption, if it had to happen one day, happened as soon as possible. Before it will be totally unnecessarily thrown away trillions of dollars on measures to reduce the production of carbon dioxide, because any properly angry sopčička it along with dust and toxic volcanic gases can into the air to drain at least a hundred times more than it was at the expense of the population of Europe is spared.
Thus, forcibly limiting CO2 production makes no sense. In addition, it has been scientifically proven that with its significantly higher proportion in the air, plants form more biological matter and are also more resistant to drought. For mankind, any warming is considerably more favorable than, for example, the rapid return of the ice age.
If we realize this still has not been sufficiently examined the influence of solar cycles on earth's climate we need to be just to the only reasonable conclusion: let's work hard to keep the Earth as clean as possible and the other amendments, with which a force we can't measure, let us try at least cost to customize!
Repair of the giant museum will be delayed for a year
The administration of the Krkonoše National Park (KRNAP) postponed three weeks the deadline for submitting bids to the second tender for the repair of the Krkonoše Museum in Vrchlabí. The original term for opening envelopes was 20. September, said National Park Service spokesman Radek expensive. The reason for moving the deadline for submitting bids is to reduce the budget from 110 million kroner to 83 million kroner.
"We are currently working with prices that are on the market. There has been a change in the budget, it is the price we expect to be offered. If someone makes an offer that is acceptable, the work will start as soon as possible," expensive said.
Against the original plans, the opening of the museum's repair is about a year late. KRNAP wanted to have a selected contractor of the construction part by the end of last year and start construction work this spring. According to the management of the National Park Service, European subsidies of 123 million crowns for the project are not at risk.
The KRNAP administration has failed to select a construction company to repair the museum. The second contest launched this summer, because in the previous tender all tenders of companies significantly exceeded the then estimated price of 65 million. Bids exceeded CZK 100 million.
The museum, which is based in the former Augustinian monastery and belongs to the KRNAP administration, has been closed since autumn 2017. The selected company should provide the construction part of the project. The total cost, including the construction of a new exhibition, is estimated at CZK 210 million. A visitor centre, KRNAP, is expected to be built in the now-cleared building by the end of 2021 after the transformation of expositions.
Corrected museum with a new interactive exhibition, which should be the story of nature and people settled in the mountains and build on the successful exposure of the Stone and the life, should serve to visitors as a representative of the gateway of the Krkonoše mountains. The visitor centre should provide information about the past and present of the giant mountains in the most understandable form and motivate people to explore the mountains and protect them. It should also take on the role of a traditional museum. The centre will also offer opportunities for concerts, festivals, theatre performances or open-air lectures. The plans include building a new entrance to the building, the creation of an explorer or cafe.
Toyota hydrogen still believes preparing the second generation of Mirai car
Toyota Mirai was never supposed to be just a concept. Toyota was so serious about it that even though there was virtually no hydrogen pumping infrastructure in the world, it still put it on the menu. Not quite standard, the customer really had to go after this car purposefully, but no one else at that time offered such a variant.
Toyota chief Takeshi Uchiyamada confirmed at the international hydrogen conference that a new generation will arrive next year. Toyota still believes these cars have a future and will be priced out of hybrids within a decade. Of course, this is related to the development of pumping networks. But the future is as much about hydrogen as it is about electricity.
The conference often was written large word hydrogen with the needs of the organic traffic, not passenger cars, but on the contrary, large trucks, ships, trains, etc. Just those means of transport which they need to overcome on one tank long distance. This purely cordless versions can not offer. Thus, Toyota could find new outlets thanks to its great experience and long development.
It remains to recall that, as Toyota believes vodíkovému drive and Hyundai, which now offers hydrogen-powered crossover Nexo.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right shade of lipstick: there is not only one red
When choosing a red lipstick, you should first determine whether you are a warm or cold type. Try a simple test-examine the veins on your wrist. If they're blue, you're a cold type, if you're green, then you're a warm type. When choosing a new red lipstick, put in the first place just on the breakdown based on the undertone. Look at the texture in the next one.
If you are a woman with a cold undertone, then lipsticks in purple, plum, cherry or mauve colors are suitable for you.
If you fall into the category of warm skin undertone, choose such and lipstick. You can tell by the fact that they gravitate to orange, coral, golden or brown glare.
It may happen to you that some veins look green, and others look blue. In that case, I congratulate - at undertone look you don't have and you can focus only on their color preferences.
Purpose Gossip? Mouth zoo seeks new Vet, no one's interested
Last time later this month. The city's leadership attributes this to rumors that circulated around the zoo's former director and veterinarian, Václav, that he had purposefully killed the exotic animals he cared for. For example, it was a female Zamba rhino, a sludge elephant or an orangutan.
As a result, the city council announced a new contract. "On the veterinary care for the zoo with the estimated performance value of 3.5 million crowns without VAT and for the urban Center for animals in need with an estimated value of the performance 2.8 million crowns without VAT," approached city spokesman Roman Mac.
Deputy Mayor Věra Nechybová (UFO) explained that this is the third time the city has announced a competition for veterinary services. "The doctor had to explain the unsubstantiated suspicions," he said. I consider it an outrageous dehonestation of such a quality expert," she noted.
Experts specializing in exotic animals, she says, are very few. "It's definitely not pleasant. The zoo, meanwhile, provides veterinary care through orders, " she said. Orders and contracts cost the same money. "The garden has to comply with the Public Procurement Act in terms of funding," zoo spokeswoman Nikola Roštejnská explained.
Václav Ejivil himself is among the recognized experts. For example, he participated in a unique operation in which the mouth Cheetah Jane was given a total endoprosthesis as the first cheetah in the world. He served as zoo director from 2009 to 2012. He did not comment on the anonymous slander on his person. Yesterday he did not receive phone calls or respond to text messages by SMS.
As far as the zoo contract is concerned, some veterinarians believe that there is not necessarily a concern for the zoo, as in its case, but simply little awareness. For example, the mouth veterinarian George King has not heard from her yet. "This is the first time I've heard it from you. Nobody called us. Such a thing, I think, will spread quickly, " he added.
D line will be overseen by new subway architect, brings London Underground Experience
The Prague transport company has selected an architect who will oversee the form of the Metropolitan Metro. From October Anna Švarc will become her primary task will be the appearance of the New Line D, but will also be in charge of the existing station. The metro, she says, is not only viewed as a transport structure, travelling underground should also bring an aesthetic experience.
Czech architect, who participated for example, for the reconstruction of three london underground stations, won the tender launched by the prague transport company (DPP).
In addition to her, 14 other candidates took part in the tender. "Part of the selection process was a motivational letter and a resume. Apparently decided my previous experience from London, where I am in a team of three people creating a sort of aesthetic manual for the metro," says the new architect of the metro. Her practice from the Prague Institute of planning and development could also decide, she said.
The subway doesn't just see it as a traffic jam. Stations should also have an aesthetic value.
"I have ideas about how the metro will change, how the space will improve," he said. But how this is going to work will not be known until the next few weeks when I am informed about the transport business," says Švarc.
"This is not a series of dogmas, but rather recommendations aimed primarily at maintaining the context of all stations in case they are reconstructed," the design manual says.
Whether a similar tool is also a way to improve public space in the Prague Metro is a question. Prague metro is specific. "Whether the manual is ideal, or whether any personality can do it, I don't really know yet," concludes Švarc.
Former French President Chirac will be buried on Monday, public pieta will be on Sunday
The funeral of former French president Jacques Chirac, who died Thursday at age 86, will be held on Monday evening at the parisian cemetery of Montparnasse. This is reported by French media, citing the Chirac family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to say goodbye to the former head of state on Sunday afternoon at the Pieta in Paris, where a coffin with Chirac's remains will be displayed, the Elysee Palace announced.
Crowds have been flowing into the presidential residence since Thursday evening, according to AFP news agency, to sign the condolence book. That will be possible until Sunday. Then on Monday, President Emmanuel Macron declared state grief.
From the world of France, meanwhile, there are other reactions on the death of the former mayor of Paris and president from 1995 to 2007, which today, prime minister Édouard Philippe called "the French in the truest sense of the word."
Chirac was remembered, for example, by the Japanese, because the politician was famous for his love for their country and sports sumo. News of the former French President's death has surfaced on the front pages of all Japanese newspapers, including sports ones, the French press reports.
The Quai Branly Tribal Art Museum in Paris, which Chirac founded, will not collect admission fees for ten days in honor of the former head of state.
Opening of pumpkin world delayed pumpkin ripening
Nová Ves u Leštiny (Art) - a Farm in nová Ves u Leštiny on the Havlíčkobrodsku today for more than a month has opened the Pumpkin world. Decorations made up of thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins dominate in the garden of the mighty Orange pyramid. The autumn event, which is becoming a tradition, this year starts a week later, because the pumpkin on the surrounding seven hectares of fields family Pipkovy longer ageing. There are still a lot of them in the field, Jaroslava Pipkova told CTK today.
The pipes have grown many kinds of pumpkins, but they haven't had the weather for the past two years. This year's harvest has been delayed and some species have failed. "We have plenty of orange pumpkins for Halloween, as usual, but there are some types that have gone wrong," Pipkova said. Yet can be on the farm to choose from more species, from the already mentioned large pumpkin suitable for carving and hollowing of decorations over the pumpkins for cooking hokaido or elongated "spaghetti" after the ornamental pumpkin different colors and shapes.
Growing pumpkins is laborious. Farmers manually dig plants and harvest their fruits, cutting off the stem of the pumpkin with scissors. The pumpkin world has opened to Pipers regularly since 2010, last year attracting thousands of people. Decorations from pumpkins are complemented by attractions from straw or mazes from logs. Visitors will also see animals bred on the farm. It will be open daily until 3. November.
Details of the event are available on the farm's website, where growers also offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, including pumpkin muffins or juice. About other options for finishing the pumpkin in the kitchen, visitors themselves tell them. "A lot of cookbooks have tried their recipes, and we get inspired too," Pipk said. She noted that some housewives also pickle pumpkins as cucumbers.
The food stamp is planned by the ministry from 2021. Tax does not change anything
The MF is preparing an amendment to the Income Tax Act, according to which the employee would receive money for meals directly. To support the food then reaches under the MF and a quarter of employees, about a million people who have food stamps do not receive.
However, according to the president of the Association of voucher system operators David Rice, many small companies that do not have a canteen or food stamps provide their employees with meals, for example, by importing food or agreeing with restaurants.
"The essence of the plan is that we do not change anything about the tax advantage. There will be no health and Social Security payments, " Schiller said Friday. She added that the cap on the maximum employer Allowance applicable as a tax rebate would also be maintained.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the price of a food stamp. The remaining part of paying employees, in some cases it is paid by the employer, but without the tax credit. The most advantageous value of food stamps for employees and employers this year is 123 CZK.
Niš, sparkler and Fisher safely advanced to the semi-finals of the world championships
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec and canoeist Tereza Fisher safely advanced to the semi-finals of the World Water slalom championship in Seu d'urgell. He finished fourth in Friday's qualifier, sparkler fifth and Fisher eighth. Three other Czech representatives will seek a semi-final start in Spain in the afternoon qualifying run.
From a strong representative group of kayakers failed Vavřinec Hradilek, who, at the beginning of the ride got padesátisekundovou penalty for the incorrect passing of the goal. On the other hand, they can rest and concentrate on Sunday's semi-finals.
"I set myself the goal of going down that first drive in my 30s, which I managed to do," he said. Not that I don't care what I did, because it starts very early on Sunday morning, so I was hoping to be a little bit higher to have a better starting position," he said, praising his well-being at Seu. "Before the patrol race, I felt the worst in 14 days we've been here. Then it was good in the race and better today. The whole time it's been beautiful, nice races, the spectators have come, so fine, " he smiled.
The sparkler was happy, too. "In qualification, one does not want to make an unnecessary mistake. I didn't quite get it in the first wickets. Then I center went great, no problems and I knew I had the mileage, then came the second mistake, when I wanted to go down directly, and I turned erku. Overall, I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, we'll see how it goes, " said this year's overall World Cup winner.
Both representatives praised their starting line-up for Sunday's semi-final blockbuster. "I'm not a morning person, it's extra cold in the morning, and when you're here at eight, it takes a jacket and a sweatshirt," he said. "Overall, it takes an hour and a half to make a semi-final, which is a pretty good difference in terms of sleep," the sparkler agreed.
Of the trio of Czech singkanoists, only Fišerová succeeded, Eva Říhová finished two places behind the advancement twenty, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35. "The top part I went to the liking, in the middle passage came to me that I can't and I'm not going according to plan, but I managed to get into a comfortable clues that I wanted to go. I made two pokes and I'm just behind the winner with a clear time. I have a good starting position for the semi-finals, " Fisher complimented herself.
Coal gives way to both gas and core. Renewables won't cover increased demand, says ExxonMobil boss
Renewables will not be enough to meet future energy demand. Inclement climates it is necessary to wind and solar power plants complement other alternatives, such as those using natural gas.
In an interview with HN, Philippe Ducom, president of the European branch of ExxonMobil, one of the world's largest oil miners, said that. At the same time, he mentions that large repositories to store unused energy from days when the sun and wind are enough are still too expensive.
In Prague, Ducom visited the ExxonMobil Center, which has 1,200 people working, whose task is to support the company's business activities and provide the logistics and other services necessary for the functioning of the company.
Declaration of the end of the right in the house or what "right-wing" coalition ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
There have been reports in the media and comments of the upcoming coalition of the parties. Many applaud that the" right " is finally coming together, but I'm more concerned about why these parties still identify as right-wing.
Aside from The New Tricolor movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a genuinely right-wing party. And it doesn't really matter how the subjects themselves are labeled or what signs are parroted by the mainstream media. ODS is in its diameter to the top politicians of this party hardly centrist, TOP 09 is clearly the party of the urban pseudoliberální the left (which for my levicovost ashamed, and so hypocritically referred to as a conservative or even right-wing). STAN is a party that essentially blends its concepts, ideology and electoral focus with the top 09 (The reason for its existence is simply not clear to me). And KDU even labels itself as centrist for the long term - but their political compass is far more left than they say.
Do you feel like I took everyone out of the same water clean? No, I am based on the real political actions of these parties. If I consider myself classically liberal right-wing voters, is for me the supreme value of individual liberty, free market and minimum state intervention in the lives of individuals and the economy. How do these general assumptions of right-wing parties fulfil? How many laws osekávajících freedom of people salami method, for tax increases, confirming the new regulation and increasing oversight, enhancing binding to the socialist EU or supporting the environmental and gender madness in recent years supported? Very, very much. Not their own stickers, but actions identify them. These parties, for all sorts of declarations or partial concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And that has nothing to do with right-wing.
Coalition of TOP 09 and STAN and KDU, I would not be surprised at the political map of the just belongs to itself and, except in the christian or vice versa homosexualistických and gender aspects in them, for the voters within the meaning of the state's influence on their lives, basically I don't see an obvious difference. However, ODS has long been portrayed as "the only right-wing" and by joining the three entities, it is no longer uncovering its true political ranking.
By the way, when I mentioned the stickers briefly. Všimili you noticed how often all of these parties completely identically and cheap indicate the criticism of dirigisme and socialism coming from the European union as pro-Russian agents? They can't or just don't want to understand that there are many people who eurosocialismus and growing unfreedom doesn't smell as strongly as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Do they not, by any chance, conceal their utter arguing incompetence and the gratuitous or blind adoration of the Euronews?
In short, it is possible that in the Czech Republic, other than the central policy, there is no chance of greater success. Maybe that's the kind of connection voters really want. Maybe they want to levostředou policy under the guise of "right-wing" because of their political beliefs ashamed (or they can't even identify). I don't know. But I'm certainly not one of those voters.
Unexplained death of baby girl (8) in Pribramsk: culprit not expected
Unexplained cases are called "monuments"in CSI slang. But they, too, are under investigation if new information emerges years later. Especially when it comes to the death of a child. In 1980, CSI Jiri Markovič was able to investigate the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokop Valley aged 12 years. "Case from 1955? That's going to be hard, very hard. For starters, finding a file may no longer exist, talking to those who investigated. Hope is always there, but it would be really hard," Markovic says.
Under the past regime, violent crimes were not reported to the public much, but Markovich said that certainly does not mean they are being investigated laxly. "It's always been about specific people," he says. The problem may be that materials from 50. flight 20. centuries can be destroyed, although unclosed cases should not be shredded.
Lucia White's father didn't root for her at all. You won't believe what she was supposed to do for a living!
Who knows, that national treasure, Lucie White (53) is the original professions of seamstress and own the name Hana Zaňáková, probably doesn't live in the Czech republic. But the singer herself has now revealed that she almost worked in a glass factory!
Lucie White knew from a fairly early age that she wanted to be a singer. The love of singing was born with her, when as a little girl she performed at the Cultural House in Native Otvovice, where the belladonna still lives.
"And I will remember exactly where my mother sat. The singer was born in me back then," she admitted to Pulse Radio.
But her father was a little worried about his daughter's future and advised her to take the path of a craft that has a golden bottom.
"Dad always said,'Craft girl, craft. Walk on the ground with your feet!'He even talked me into going to a local glass shop. The glassworks don't work anymore, I kind of do. "I'm a trained seamstress, and at home I make various rosaries and pendants out of beads, which I then auction at auctions and buy wheelchairs for money," she added with a laugh.
The launch of the new toll is not under threat, reports the Kremlin. In the game, however, there is a change of operator
The Department for transport on Friday launched preparations for a new tender to run a new toll system. It is a contingency plan that would be used by the state if the current tolling agreement was legally repealed. In addition, the state is preparing another makeshift solution if the tender could not be completed in time. On Facebook, the minister of transport Vladimir Kremlin (for Yes) said this.
The office for the protection of competition (UOHS) on Thursday banned the performance of the toll contract between the state and the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium, with an annual delay. The ministry will oppose it.
"The launch of the new toll selection system is not threatened. Starting today we are launching the preparation of a new transparent procurement procedure, whose subject will be the service traffic of the new toll system, which now completes the consortium CzechToll and SkyToll," said the minister.
As a result, the state would be looking for the operator of the current toll, which will be launched from this December. It wouldn't be about a competition on a completely new toll system, as it was in the last tender, nor on the use of the old system, which is now operated by Kapsch.
But the ministry is also preparing for the fact that it would not be able to prepare the new tender in time, according to the Kremlin. "On the basis of experience to date with the progress of the toll of the tender, I am deeply convinced that the OPC is wrong and that in eating the stipulated time of 12 months, objectively, you cannot prepare and implement this complex procurement procedures and hand over operation of the toll system to the new operator," he said.
The Resort will be next to the new procurement procedures prepare interim solution, which would solve the road toll, after a transitional period, until the state couldn't find full form solution.
Thus, the state is unlikely to take advantage of the offer made to it by the current administrator of the toll Kapsch in recent days. The Austrian firm offered to operate the existing system in case the toll contract was cancelled.
At the same time, the Kremlin reiterated that it believes a backup plan will not be needed. Therefore, the ministry will file a dissolution against the decision of the Antitrust Authority.
The UAHS issued a ruling Thursday banning the performance of the toll contract. But the ban will not begin to apply until a year after the authority's ruling. This is not final and may be brought against the president of the office. The ministry and CzechToll are therefore continuing to prepare for the new toll, which is due to be launched in December.
The CzechToll/SkyToll consortium won last year's tender for a new toll system and its operators. It succeeded in the toll tender with a bid of 10.75 billion crowns for ten-year operation. The current operator Kapsch, which failed in the competition with a bid of over 13 billion crowns, protested against the course of the tender and the validity of the toll contract.
'I still see myself as a kid who's just looking around,' says Jan Cina
"It was a great school for everyone who worked on it. I fell in love with afro dancing there. "The way I got something Roma in me after my dad, I was completely enchanted," said Jan Cina, who considers himself mainly a musical actor.
Much fresher memories than the series the first step has of the role of painter in the new film national class. Cina revealed that director Stephen Altrichter must have attracted him a lot. "The work was difficult, but the result is worth it. The Film was made a year ago. Hard and honest, but fun at the same time. It was spinning in the national classroom, where I used to drive a car as a driver. A lot of filming was also taking place in the southern city of Prague," he said of the Czech-German co-production picture.
Although he is nominated for a Thalia award for his role in the production of the little prince, he does not consider it the pinnacle of his career. "That's not how I feel. I still see myself as a kid who's just looking around. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I can see the peak far ahead of me, " he said, not even thinking about a thank-you speech in the event of victory. "Not really, but as a child, when I was listening to talk shows on the radio, I always imagined myself speaking to people."
Jan Cina has been living with his colleague Petr Vančura for thirteen years. What is his recipe for a happy relationship? "To like each other and to see problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," he revealed, recalling the Czech Lions awards when his friend fell on the stairs.
"Yes, it really happened. He had new slippery shoes and the red carpet was slippery too. So it did not take long and lay on the ground. He was able to make it a priority. He had a workshop on Vančura's stairs, where he taught how to safely fall down the stairs at VIP events."
Děčín zoo rejoices at Little macaque
"Our group currently has seven members. Her youngest member came into the world 17. he was born by a Buffy female and is her fifth cub, the father being a Hitam male. The first days after giving birth she wore the female cub firmly pressed to the body and long so didn't want to show the world if she gave birth to a male or a female. Approximately in three weeks the age of the baby it's already started gradually for a little while to procrastinate and caregivers so for a couple of days know that it is a male," said a spokesman for the zoo Alena Houšková with the fact that the děčínská zoo successfully raised 12 pups of this species.
Macaques crested are the so-called Endemites of the island of Sulawesi, that is, they do not live elsewhere in the world in the wild. A typical feature is black fur and a plume on the head, according to which they have a name. Macaque crests live in rainforests, mainly at lower altitudes.
Like most primates, they feed on plant and animal food. In the diet, the fruits of forest trees predominate very significantly, which complement the flowers and leaves. The need for protein is solved by eating small arthropods, larvae and, to a lesser extent, bird eggs and chicks.
"If we forget the natural enemies that are pythons, everything else is written down by man. Locals hunt macaques as a favorite prey with tasty meat and for fur. The burning and felling of the rainforest is also fatal for these animals," the spokeswoman added.
Germany reports the first case of infection with West Nile fever from a mosquito on its territory. Related to climate change
In addition to West Nile fever, mosquitoes can also transmit malaria, for example.
Germany on Friday reported the first case of a person contracting West Nile fever in German territory after being bitten by an infected mosquito. This was reported by dpa. Until now, all the sick have become infected with the virus when traveling or by contact with sick animals. According to experts, the breakthrough case of the disease is related to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute said a 70-year-old man from Saxony contracted the virus. Disease had severe course and due to inflammation of the brain is treated in a hospital in Leipzig. He's healthy now.
The Virus of West Nile fever was first proven in 1937 in Uganda. Meanwhile, it spread to vast parts of Africa, Asia and Europe and in the 90s. flights even to the United States. Its carriers are mainly birds, and also mosquitoes, which get infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state-owned companies are to undergo a new tender process. Law could be circumvented, opposition says
"This is a typical bill that is unnecessary," said ODS Chairman Zbyn Stanjura.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the House of Commons approved changes designed to prevent opaque distribution of functions - critics say - in state-owned firms. The new candidates should go through the selection process at the ministry and will be assessed by the government's Nomination Committee.
It is, however, a compromise solution, which, for example, ODS don't like, because it supposedly will allow ministers to make excuses for any wrong choice of state managers can the selection committee. Moreover, the opinion of that committee for the minister will not be binding. The news has yet to be approved by the Senate and signed by President Milos Zeman.
Prerov: driver crashed near Kokory Village: died wedged in his Fabia
The tragic accident happened on Friday on a flat stretch between Prerov and the village of Kokory. The 28-year-old driver, fabie, failed to make it through the road and drove off the road. The car flipped onto the roof and he remained wedged underneath. He did not survive the injuries sustained.
"According to initial information found on the site came up personal a vehicle travelling in the direction of the Kokory outside communication, where it flipped on the roof and the driver remained pinned under the vehicle," she said, přerovská police spokesman Miluše Rabbit for server news.cz.
And Where are the spectators? Doha can't be London
But it is also a step backwards as the pilgrimage to Doha willingly and knowingly renounced the riveting atmosphere that prevailed at the sold-out London 2017 stadium and last year's European Championships in Berlin.
Giant banners on the walls of skyscrapers in Doha invite to "the biggest sporting event of 2019." However, concerns about how dignified her sets will be are mounting.
"Target tickets are sold out for all evenings," organizers say.
But that's too little.
The upper gallery of the stadium Khalifa with a total capacity of 40 thousand spectators, is covered with brightly colored sails, on which are depicted the flags 209 of the participating countries. Athletics has taken to the territory of Qatar, where it has no roots despite the Diamond League's annual rally.
No wonder, then,that last week only 50,000 tickets were sold for ten days of the championship, although their price started at 60 Qatari rials, or less than 400 crowns.
Organisers have now set their sights on making sure that the undisclosed parts of the Tribune fill up at least half. Therefore, according to the sources, the british newspaper Giuardian allegedly (though the organizers deny it) they're giving away free tickets to migrants who work here as workers, and also children. Which Sebastian Coe, head of the IAAF Athletic Association, can also comment positively: "that's how we can inspire future generations."
Rich Qatar has won World Championships in handball and cycling in the past, after Athletics takes on football in 2022. The oil superpower's financial offerings will always be lucrative for wealthy sports federations. That's the reality of today's sports world.
But even if we proceed and aside from the absence of fans at the stadium, one can take a purely sports pick, that the experiment with the first outdoor world cup athletes on the Arabian peninsula should the leaders of the IAAF to control the timing better - and to another year. Extremely late-term, forced climate, disrupts the entire scheme of the season in předolympijském year, and thus prepare for a key season, an olympic gold, which would, under normal circumstances, the athletes already in October started.
I hope that Qatar will make up for at least the latest in avionic technology, which promises ultra-modern and attractive championships. That it's just 37 degrees? Already now the area of the stadium is artificially air conditioned to twenty-four. And the high-tech cameras, built into the blocks, are meant to give TV viewers a detailed look at what happens in athletes in the hundredths of a second before and just after the starter's shot.
Sparta is really loaded this year, recognizes hradecký bek Nedomlel
In his case, increased motivation is more than understandable. Hradec Králové hockey defender Richard Nedomlel will play in Friday's game against the club where he recently served. But the former Spartan is confident his teammates will be similarly affected, even though the Prague club's Jersey has never been worn.
"Against Sparta everyone wants to pull out," says hradecký bek before Game 5. Extraliga round.
Hradec Králové will try to stretch his winning streak, which at the moment is three three-point wins in a row. After Kladno, Pilsen was the most appreciated fan on Sunday, Mountfield went to neighbouring Pardubice for a ride.
"But we can't watch the games that they were. We need to focus on the matches that await us now, and play in them as well, if not better," warns hradec defender.
The hradecks should not look back on last year's balance sheet with Sparta. In three of the four matches they lost, they took points only once after winning in Prague after overtime. In addition, Sparta's leadership in the summer has brought some significant reinforcements and expects the team to return to the top.
"Sparta always had quality players, but what we're going to talk, this year they are really charge," he admits Nedomlel before the first game the end of this week.
And the other one? It's also a nice shift, waiting for Mountfield on Sunday afternoon at three o'clock.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has hidden Bitcoins and doesn't know what to do with them
Venezuela's central bank is conducting internal tests to determine whether it can hold cryptocurrencies. It responds to the instruction from the state-owned company Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which seeks to send to the central bank of bitcoins and the ethers and then the bank paid the suppliers of this oil companies kryptoměnami. Employees are also studying a proposal for the central bank to include cryptocurrencies in foreign exchange reserves, which are now close to their 30-year low. Citing information from four sources, the agency Bloomberg reported.
The sanctions imposed by the United States against President Nicolás Maduro's authoritarian regime have largely cut Venezuela off from the global financial system. This has exacerbated the economic crisis in the country. The current crisis is on a global comparison one of the most serious, forcing officials to use a medley of different ways to move money. While Madurova effort to launch the world's first state seal had failed, continued attempts to use digital currencies show how desperate the government is trying to find ways to bypass the restrictions.
Neither Venezuela's central bank nor PDVSA responded to a request for comment.
It is unclear how PDVSA came to own bitcoins and ethers, or how much value these currencies possess. Business is struggling to obtain payments from customers conventional channels, because large banks are reluctant to do business with entities that are subject to sanctions. Last month, the company received most of the $ 700m (£16.6 bn) in Chinese yuan payments because the parties failed to find financial institutions to allow the transaction.
PDVSA may not have the desire to sell cryptocurrencies on open market, because it would require to be registered on the stock exchange and subjected to in-depth inspection, so-called due diligence. Instead, he wants to show, used the central bank and paid with her subjects, which PDVSA owes. Oil company officials believe that the central bank is less exposed to any obstacles that could arise when paying with cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoins and ethers use a decentralized internet ledger known as blockchain to verify and record transactions. In some cases, relatively anonymous transfers are allowed without the need for an intermediary. Only a few banks are involved in digital currencies because of problems with money laundering and information about the client that relate to them and complicate compliance.
Cryptocurrencies are experiencing a return to the spotlight this year after the 2018 debacle, thanks to expectations of their larger adoption by the institutions and Facebook's plan to come up with its own cryptocurrency. Still, they remain unstable. Bitcoin has fallen nearly 20 per cent in the past four days, but has gained about 130 per cent since the start of the year.
Neckermann cancels all flights, affects five hundred Czech clients
Neckermann cancels flights in connection with the insolvency of Britain's Thomas Cook and his German daughter.
"The Czech company Thomas Cook, s. r. o., acting under the trading name Neckermann Travel agency, bankruptcy filing, not filing," said Read in a press release.
"However, CK Neckermann is forced to continue cancelling scheduled departures of its clients,"he added, adding that this currently applies to all departures from 26. September to 6. October.
Some 500 customers will be affected by the cancellation, according to the shrapnel. About 800 clients Neckermanna, who are at this moment abroad, according to him, "will be taken care and ensured their safe return to the Czech republic to their scheduled flight".
The travel agency admitted that some clients were asked to pay for their stay. "In this case, clients must immediately contact the SOS line CK Neckermann," added Šrámek.
Thomas Cook's crash happened on Monday. Meanwhile, in August this year, the travel agency struck a deal to put £ 900m into the firm.
Half of the sum was to be obtained from the Chinese firm Fosun Tourism. On the basis of this, it was supposed to become the majority owner. The second half was to be provided by bondholders and creditor banks. Already 20. however, it emerged in September that lenders had asked the travel agency to raise a reserve of £ 200m otherwise the deal would fall. On Monday, the company announced it had gone bankrupt.
A homeless woman was killed under a bridge. Police seek witnesses
According to the Prague police, the murder occurred sometime during the evening to the night from Tuesday to Wednesday. It is at this time that the police call for possible testimony relates.
"One of the drivers who drove over the bridge connecting the Libeň and Žižkov or after the street Under Krejcárkem, namely could the killer make for example the on-board camera. Maybe some witness could just see him and describe him. In short, we will welcome any testimony to this case and accept it on line 158," said Jan Danek, spokesman for the regional police headquarters.
A taxpayer spokeswoman said the murdered homeless woman was uncontrollable, did not drink alcohol and did not seek the company of other people. The woman was alive at the scene. "Most often ranged in the vicinity of Krejcárku, Palmovky and Holešovice, where she had a large blue shopping bags," said Danek description of the victim, who could be possible witnesses also help.
Slovaks succeed, for racist insults only pay a fine
The Slovak Football Association has launched an appeal against the stadium's closure for fan racism. Representation was originally without spectators play a qualifying match of the european championship with Wales, instead of now, the association only pays a fine of 15 thousand euros (about 387 thousand crowns).
The UEFA disciplinary committee punished Slovakia and Hungary for the behaviour of fans during the recent qualifying match in Budapest, which the visiting Czech coach Pavel Hapal won 2-1. Both unions closed the stadium for one match and fined Slovakia 20 thousand euros, Hungary 67 thousand euros.
Slovaks after the appeal were only fined 15 thousand euros for insulting political chants. The national team's closest match in qualifying for the European Championship with Wales 10. October in Trnava will be made available to fans.
Basketball players failed to reach the medal from the Under-17s, finishing fourth
Even the Third World Championships were won by the Americans, who beat Spain just 77-75 in the final despite Spaniard Angela Salvadores ' 40 points.
"We really wanted to win and not be potato, but maybe we wanted it too much. We got the start, but we couldn't hold on because they rolled us under the basket," said Captain Karolina Malečková. "Playing in front of such an audience was an incredible experience," she praised fans in Klatovy and Pilsen.
The Czech started very well, thanks to two threes, they took an 8-0 lead and dominated the entire first quarter on the field. At that point, rivals seemed to retaliate by beating the base group 85-88 after overtime. But the referees whistled 15 fouls at halftime and disputed decisions helped Hungary return to the game with a 12-2 lead.
"I'm convinced that was enough to put two other three baskets, to run on 20 points and we'd let. But instead, our mistakes came. I don't care about the referees, but what we did wrong, and there were mistakes that helped the opponent get caught," coach Richard Beard said.
"It wasn't the first time we had a lapse in concentration," he said. But the girls are fighters, they didn't release anything and fought to the end. But the opponent was very good, " he added.
The Czech kept Petra Holešínská in the game with precise shooting from distance and pivotka Tereza Šípová. The top Czech scorer, however, had a foul problem and missed much of the third quarter on the field. Hungarians took advantage of this and gained a slight lead, which I maintained, although the Czechs fought until the last seconds.
"For us the first five games were very challenging, we were turning matches in a narrow rotation and it cost us a lot of strength. Against Spain, you could see the girls were tired and there was nowhere to take them. Because of the physicality, we weren't consistent in defence. We didn't play a quick counterattack, we missed a rebound. And the Hungarians are so high quality that if you don't combine everything together, you can't win," Beard added.
He believes his trust has a promising future ahead. "For two years could the girls win the olympics of youth, to be second at the european championships sixteen-year-olds and now they are fourth in the world. On our terms, it is a quality team with a good character and we need to continue to work with it and develop talent. Now it's up to the federation to assign a coach to them in the higher categories," Beard added.
The end of political newsagents? The new law, critics say, won't help!
But according to some opposition MPs, the bill is more likely to require ministers to waive responsibility for the election while continuing to choose their candidates.
Greater transparency in tenders for positions in state firms - this is one of the goals of the nomination law. 119 MPs voted in favour. The law passed, for example, thanks to the yes votes, the CPC, Social Democrats and even Pirates.
Candidates for state firms will have to go through the selection process before the government committee. For example, it was the Pirates who sought to make the recommendation binding on the minister. That didn't work out in the end.
Civic Democrats and the SPD are worried that the nomination bill will pass to ministers. "The new minister will be able to hide behind some commission decision and thus have no clear transparent responsibility," SPD chairman Tomio Okamura said. Similarly, the vice-president of the ODS Martin Kupka speaks.
The government committee should completely reject candidates who do not meet the conditions. Those will include a criminal record, bezdlužnost, minimum age of 25 years and the main selection criterion should be expertise.
The bill will still have to go through the Senate, and then the president will get it to sign.
Heavy competition for Kamiq damage. Kia XCeed is betting on rich equipment, at what price?
Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult to classify model. Falls clearly between the compact SUV, does not offer but the all-wheel drive. This item leaves larger siblings Sportage, which is a direct response to cars like the Skoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X or Volkswagen Tiguan. In comparison with them betting XCeed even the more dynamic shapes of the bodywork, which svažováním rear can remotely remind the world of the SUV-coupe, a favorite in this part of the market, especially among premium brands Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz.
On the other hand, XCeed can't just be included alongside oblasted versions of classic compacts, such as Ford Focus Active. In contrast, Koreans have made a lot more changes to the bodywork, so anyone who doesn't want to see Ceed in shapes might not.
Unlike a compact hatchback or a Ceed station wagon, the XCeed also offers exclusively turbocharged engines, so don't expect a basic atmospheric fourteen. The XCeed starts with a turbocharged liter and also offers a turbocharged 160kW, reserved for siblings version GT. Don't wait for the sports stage here. Turbodiesely 1.6 CRDi is offered in mild-hybrid version, it means that the combustion engine assists the electric system, which helps with the reduction of consumption and emissions. From 100 kW it is also possible, in addition to the manual, to pay extra for a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic.
Soon the offer will expand with a plug-in hybrid, a variant that will run about six tens of kilometers only on electricity. The battery can then be recharged from a normal socket.
Simona krain: Fuck The Age! Then she kissed Lucia White!
The day before the baptism calendar Fuck The Age (in translation M*data age) Simona Krainová has published its latest photos, where she's completely naked! "I was a little worried about people condemning me for taking pictures of myself naked at my age," he said. Because I'm a pretty shy person. But so far, all I have is positive reactions. I wanted to show women that when they want to, it's possible to have a solid figure at 46. Of course, it's hard work and renunciation, but there's no other way."
"With Lukas Dvorak we took about three thousand photos, selected about one hundred and in the calendar there are twelve, so the rest of your waits. It's definitely not the last time I'm naked, " confided The Lightning model, who also appeared very revealing at her christening.
She wore an elongated Bernhardt jacket and shorts underneath, but they weren't visible, so it looked like she'd forgotten her underwear. Daily jogging has strengthened her legs, so she can afford similar models.
Simona was so happy with the success that she kissed at the baptism of everyone she met. Husband, friends, even Slavici Lucia White.
Autoladic brought the voice of a digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, reports The Huffington Post's Michael Hobbes and Finlay Mackay. In a provocative dovysvětlení then says that the medical community for decades ignored the facts on obesity and has been waging a fierce (and also unnecessary) war against the people with overweight, which not only noted by public opinion, but also destroyed a lot of lives. But now is the time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes puts right at the beginning is that from knowledge and knowledge of facts to putting into practice often leads a very long and tedious journey. He mentions the case of the Kurds, when some captains already in the seventeenth century handed out lemons, lime and oranges to their crew, believing that they would prevent the disease. But the British Navy has withdrawn from the practice because of fears of increased costs. The clear influence of fruits in the prevention and treatment of the disease was then proven in the middle of the 18th century. but it took another fifty years for the Navy to take that into account. Even the seat belts existed long before the invention of the car, but the obligatory began to be up in the sixties, as well as the first confirmed death in connection with asbestos comes from the year 1906, yet his first ban came in 1973.
"Every discovery in the field of public health - and it doesn't matter how significant he was - always had to compete with the traditions, prejudices, and financial incentives within the company to which it was to be implemented," writes Hobbes. In American society today, nearly 80 percent of the adult population and about one-third of children meet the definition of overweight or obesity. More Americans now live with obesity than with breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and HIV combined.
Obesity, meanwhile, is seen as a high-profile personal failure of an individual who is said to be burdening health and reducing GDP. The fear of thickness is so great in the population that Americans now spend more money on diets than they spend on computer games and movies. But the truth is that diets don't work. In 1959, research has shown that 95% to 98% of attempts to lose weight ends in failure and two-thirds of people on a diet subsequently taking on more than dropped.
Armed with Hobbes statistics, he further describes the lifestyle and traumas of people who are overweight. Personal encounters here with systemic, where, for example, in faculties in the teaching of future doctors, he devotes only 19 hours from the whole study to the issue of nutrition. Which, at a time when the 60 calories Americans receive come from ultra-processed food - that is, too much processed food.
How is obesity stigmatizovaná, again illustrate the message of the surgeries, where people with being overweight usually are experiencing shorter tours, the doctors treat them with less empathy and regarded as more problematic patients.
Being overweight, however, is not just an american problem, as Hobbes writes, Since 1980 the percentage of obesity in 73 countries of the world doubled, and in 113 rose. And in that time, no country has succeeded in shrinking and stopping this increase. Absolutely none.
Brno Grand Prix? Ticket price rises
The most expensive item is an annually before the big price of a landfill fee. This year was about one hundred and fifteen million crowns. "Meat people, which in the Grand Prix is coming to Brno, there will spend money for lodging, food or entertainment, which should more or less balance the costs associated with the organisation of the event including zalistovacího fee," assessed the economist Peter Pelc.
According to him, the importance of the plant is also in attracting tourists to the city. "Brno does not have so many world tourist attractions. The grand prize attracts visitors there and from abroad. For Brno, it is as important as, for example, the Turanian airport or the exhibition centre. And these are projects that are supported by public money, " the economist added.
Grand Prize in Brno
- cost for the past five years: 686 million crowns
- profits from the past five years: CZK 682 million
- problem: lack of money to organize, increasing leasing fee for promoter company Dorna
- possible solution: more money from the state, the use of advertising space, increasing the price of tickets
- current situation: negotiations on a new contract for the organization of races for the next five years
According to the director of the Institute of Public Administration Filip horror, organizers must now evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. "The Grand Prix drains money from public budgets on other matters," he said. But to some extent it's a political, not an economic issue," he thinks.
In the future, the cost of a motoring event could be even higher. In the game there is a variant of increasing the landing fee to almost double.
"The situation is not closed, we must try with Dorna to negotiate the best possible conditions. It also depends on the extent to which the state is prepared to contribute to organizing the race. If the worst scenarios, I'm afraid, that is not fair to the city and county the amount paid the price," admitted the brno mayor Markéta Vaňková.
As The Daily Equality reported, representatives of the South Moravian region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising because of difficulties in raising money for the grand prize. "The condition of Dorny is that the advertising must be placed in places that do not occupy the cameras. Limited is also a choice of companies, because if Dorn of the general sponsor, so he can't be the second sponsor of the company from the same area," she explained Vaňková.
More money can also be raised from tickets over the next few years. "We have to sit down and say what the costs are actually going to be. And we need to adapt to this the revaluation of tickets, " said Brno opposition representative for the Yes movement and former Mayor Petr Vokřal.
Accident on D5: motorway shut down by truck collision
The incident was reported around 08: 00 to 22. a kilometer in the direction of the threshold. "The highway is closed, at least for freight traffic. Passenger cars can go through a gas station, " police spokeswoman Michaela Richter said This Morning. Traffic was restored around 14: 30. Preliminary damage is at least two million kroner, according to Richter, the cause of the accident police are investigating.
Petr Svoboda, a spokesman for Central Bohemian firefighters, said one truck was carrying passenger vehicles and the other a plastic granule. "Due to the large impact, there was a shift in the vehicles being transported, which firefighters first had to secure against a possible fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank, from which about 200 liters of diesel escaped. Another 200 litres were siphoned off by firefighters. Workers from the Beroun City Hall environmental department were called to the accident because of the fuel leak. The recovery of the crashed vehicles and the evacuation of the highway was ensured by a private company that also extracted contaminated soil.
Failed qualification. Czech athletes are not yet successful in Doha
The World Championship in Doha began with qualifying setbacks for Czech athletics. Diana Mezuliáníková fell out in the 800m run and pole-pole Roman Maláčová and hammermaker Kateřina Safránková failed to qualify, defending for the eighth place she won in London last year.
The race will be held on Friday by hurdler Vít Müller and the night marathon race will be run by Marcela Joglo.
Saffron threw her third try 65.46 meters and fell nearly six meters behind her peak this year, which she would have to upgrade to advance. Maláčová jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was already above her strength. To participate in the final, it was necessary to climb the limit of 460 cm.
Mezuliáníková, which is on the championship made it to the last minute thanks to the invitation from the international federation, the IAAF, ended up in the fourth start-up on the penultimate sixth place and even time 2:03,48 minutes for her to advance to the semi-finals wasn't enough. She fell behind her peak this year by one and a half seconds. "It was pretty quick on me, unfortunately I was struggling with my opponent in the corner, which really bothered me," he said. I felt like I still had the strength, but that's where it held me back. I almost stopped and had to start running again, so it was a little uncomfortable in that. I can't be completely satisfied, " the Czech representative said.
She was happy to overtake at least one opponent in the finish line. "She was really not well, so every defeated opponent was good. But I think it was for the fifth place. Unfortunately," she added. The fastest midfielder in the starting line-up was Winnie Nanyond of Uganda in 2:00.36.
In Doha, the top eight Female Athlete of recent years, Caster Semenya of JAR, who has too high levels of testosterone in her body, but like some other female runners, she is refusing treatment mandated by IAAF rules since this year.
In the 100-metre run-up, American number one Christian Coleman confirmed the role, with 9.98 as the only one to get below the ten-second mark. His compatriot Justin Gatlin, 37, has also advanced to the semi-finals to defend the title. Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who is second in the table at 9.86, was not expected to start and was expected to compete with Coleman, who has a 9.81 record this season.
Cuban Juan Miguel Echevarría, who made the first jump, showed great form in the distance of 840 cm. No athlete has jumped that far in World Cup qualifying in the last 20 years. The twenty-one-year-old Cuban leads this year's tables with a power of 865 cm.
French Oscar nominee Les Misérables opens be2can parade
The Golden Bear and both award winners from this year's Berlinale, the directing and jury awards from Cannes and much more will present 6. festival films from Berlin, Venice and Cannes. This year will bring the festival Be2Can selection of the most remarkable and nejpodnětnějšího what introduced competition to the three most important european film festivals.
The opening film of this year's show will be French drama Les Misérables, for which the film's author Ladj Ly took the Jury Prize at this year's Cannes festival. The picture is a French Oscar nominee. A sneak preview of the film in Prague personally bring the leaders of the two main roles of the police criminal investigation unit, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zong. Alexis Manenti is also a co-author of the film's screenplay.
Be2Can this year will take place in prague cinemas Lucerna and Edison Filmhub, later in Brno (kino Art), Ostrava (Minikino) and in Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) 2. 8. October.
The directorial debut of Director Ladj Ly was presented and awarded at a number of other world festivals after success at Cannes. The IFF Durban won the Prize for best film and the Prize for best scenario, was also presented at the FACULTY in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo and soon will be listed also in San Sebastián.
In the framework of the festival the audience can enjoy both the movies Synonyms, Young Ahmed, Intruder system, good-Bye, my son, Sorry we missed you, an Anthology of ghost towns and shot At the Golden gloves. But they can also look forward for more fresh news from this year's Venice, which will head to the Czech distribution: sci-fi Ad Astra, the Joker, the Czech triumph of the Painted bird.
Which cities disappear under the sea?
A vote by the Upper House of the Canadian Parliament has confirmed a familiar rumor for days: Canada is stripping honorary citizenship of former human rights legend Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), which for trying to bring to his country the freedom she spent years under house arrest, came for the honorary title due share in the genocide against the minority nation Rohingyas.
The decision to take Suu Kyi's honorary citizenship was approved by the lower legislature last week, and senators have now unanimously backed it. "This is the right message for both her and Myanmar and the world," Independent Senator Ratna Omidvar commented on the decision of her colleagues. "We need to make it clear that the accomplices of genocide here in Canada are not welcome - all the more so as honorary citizens."
The verdict of the canadian parliament for Suu Kyi technically doesn't change anything, it's just an honorary title, however, at the symbolic level of respect for her on a strong note. The silence of a longtime human rights campaigner on atrocities committed by Myanmar's majority Buddhist army for months has been intolerable for the Rohingya Muslim minority.
The fact that in Myanmar occurs officially organized genocide and that the Suu Kyi - de facto prime minister of the government - utterly failed in the obligation to protect its citizens, brought recently a UN report. Specifically, there are mentioned the names of several army commanders, who according to the investigative team should stand trial for crimes against humanity committed in the events, which - as the report says - "shock as úděsností of their actions, so a huge range". According to the UN, Suu Kyi and her leadership have been complicit mainly by covering up the actions of soldiers and unleashing a fog of lies around them - such as a "counterterrorism operation."
After Suu Kyi's ouster, five celebrities remain on the list of honorary citizens of Canada: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tändzin Gjamccho, 14. Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, 49. imam of Shiite Muslims and Malala Yousufzai.
The development around the former icon of the fight for freedom and democracy was also reflected by the Canadian Museum of human rights, where Suu Kyi's profile included information about atrocities against the Rohingya and a parliamentary decision to take her title of honorary citizen. "We have also muted the image of her on a tablet capturing the timeline of the human rights fight and are thinking of replacing her face with a portrait of a member of the Rohingya minority," museum spokesman Rorie McLeod is quoted as saying by Canadian media.
The only way in the current turmoil Suu Kyi - at least so far - left is the Nobel peace prize, awarded to her at the suggestion of Václav Havel in 1991 for the huge contribution to the fight for democracy. "While Ms Suu Kyi's current actions are regrettable, her award will not be annulled," Lars Heikensten, the Nobel Foundation's chief executive, told CBS Canada.
Microplastics reached the human intestines, the study confirmed for the first time
Scientists have confirmed several years of suspicion. The team, led by University of Vienna Professor Philippe Schwablo, published a study that proves for the first time the presence of microplastics in human stool. The study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia - however, in the samples of all the examined persons were found small particles of plastic with dimensions of between 50 and 500 micrometers. None of the eight subjects were vegetarian, six of them avoided sea fish, all drank water from plastic bottles and food packed in plastic.
And it would actually be kind of a miracle if nothing was found. We already knew that microplastics - which are produced either directly, for example for the needs of the cosmetic industry, or arise from the disintegration of larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water and soda; in short, everywhere on the planet. Thus, their entry into the digestive tract of a person is only officially confirmed. About 20 microplastic particles accounted for ten grams of stool, and scientists estimate that more than half of the world's population will have them.
Lay and scientific awareness, of course, suspects that this is not good. However, mankind still does not know how bad it is - and what effect microplastics have on "host" organisms. Small particles can reach the bloodstream or the lymphatic system and end up, for example, in the liver. "This is the first ever study of its kind and confirmed what we have long thought. Now that we have the first evidence of the occurrence of microplastics in the human body, we need to continue to investigate what exactly this means for human health," says Schwabl.
We know that microplastics in the gut may negatively affect the immune response of the digestive system, and thereby facilitate absorption of toxic chemicals and other pathogens into the body. And so far, there is no known solution other than to limit the use of plastics, especially polypropylene. But this will be difficult - the first task facing governments and authorities will at least stop its steep rise. As for plastic bottles, experts estimate that in three years, humanity consumes a fifth more than it does today. The current pace is a riveting million bottles bought per minute. Each year, about eight million tons of plastic end up in the seas and oceans. Waste threatens marine ecosystems and infests the digestive systems of marine animals.
Some states have already taken restrictions and other measures, Kenya, for example - under the threat of draconian punishments - has banned plastic bags. The European Commission is considering small bans (a well-known straw), with the domestic Ministry of the environment heading in the same direction. But critics say such measures are nice, but completely inadequate.
Harry in the footsteps of Princess Diana (36)! Where's Meghan?
Diana was special in her ability to hold people's hearts. In January 1997, she caused a stir when she visited Africa and a minefield in particular. The images, in which he is wearing a protective suit and a shield on his face, have become iconic. And even then, no one could have known that a few months later the princess of people's hearts in a tragic car accident in Paris breathes his last.
Now her younger son Harry has also scored, after going to the same place as her after 22 years. Went to habitat clearance in Diricu in Angola, also put on a special protective suit and he looked very thoughtful. He certainly did not resist the memories of the beloved mother, whom he lost at only 13 years old.
Harry gave a speech at the scene praising efforts by The HALO Trust, which is working to defuse minefields and other explosives in countries where war has taken place. "Minefields are untreated wounds of war. Their cleaning we can help the community to find peace, with which comes the opportunity," he said and appealed also to rescuing and sustaining wild nature and the local rivers as sources of water. Following the visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huambo to rename the local orthopaedic centre after his famous mum, Princess Diana.
Forgot to mention even on the official instagramovém account: "the Duke is honoured, he can visit the place and community, which were important enough for his mother, to get acquainted with their tireless missions and talk to all, about which she (Diana) under the impression that most needed to be heard, even if the problem wasn't globally popular," appeared in a post on instagram Sussex Royal.
Royal fans but maybe it is that on such a quest for memories of Diana did not take his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months). Both have had separate programs against Harry since Wednesday, apparently to protect them. Just take small baby in the minefield, it doesn't sound very safe, and Harry doesn't want his beloved family to compromise at any price.
Only boys. We don't have reproduction, but we don't have to worry
Some words have unfortunate connotations, though they only convey the state of things. They include the word only child. It refers to a child growing up without siblings, but does not sound neutral. "You know, an only child," they say, without much to add. Interestingly, this trait is borne by the" only child " from a time when terms such as the demographic crisis were not widely used.
Today, even people outside the scientific community know that to ensure the simple reproduction of the population is necessary fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman. It is also widely known that no state achieves this value in Europe today. France or Sweden are close to it at most, but the simple reproduction rate of the inhabitants of Europe is not guaranteed by the states. (Within the West, Israel alone has a total fertility rate of 3.1 babies per woman.) It's a situation made for alarmism. It's no surprise, therefore, that the minister for Labour and social affairs, Maláčová, is failing him: "only children are almost as many as two-child families," she said in an interview with the LNP. But she neglected the devil hidden in detail.
Yes, it is good to draw attention to the problem instead of downplaying or ideologizing it. Like Germany, where the campaign for more children is easy to get a fascination sticker(in the style of "so was Hitler"). It's good to be reminded that many couples are just plotting. It is good if politicians show a willingness to remove the obstacles that lead to those decisions (such as a weak expansion of work from home discourages women from further pregnancies). But despite all this, let's draw attention to one thing.
If Minister Maláčová says that" there are almost so many singles", there is demagoguery in this. That statement was made twenty years ago. Recall that fertility in the Czech Republic last provided simple reproduction in 1980 ("Husák's children"). It then fell to a formidable 1.14 in 2000. But it has since risen nearly fifty per cent, to the current 1.70 per woman, above the European average. It is not enough for simple reproduction yet, so the activity of politicians is appropriate. Only with that alarmism can they diminish a little.
Costa Rica is a champion in the fight against climate change
The title was received by Costa Rica for several reasons. For starters, the plan to be carbon-neutral by 2050 - but many countries have pledged to do so under the Paris Agreement. A Central American state with a population of around five million produces only 0.4 percent of the world's emissions. Costa rica is also committed that by 2030 a fully goes for renewable energy sources, with 70 percent of the buses or taxis should run on electricity.
The official Tourism Organization says that already about 95 percent of energy comes from renewable sources - Costa Rica spent 300 days on them in 2017.
Costa Rica boasts nearly thirty national parks.
The density of afforestation also contributes to reducing emissions. Rain forests with diverse fauna and flora, covering more than half of the territory of the country, they are also one of the main tourist draws. "Costa Rica is a pioneer in the field of conservation and gives an example to other states in the region, but also around the world. Climate change requires urgent action from all of us," the UN said in a statement.
Costa Rica boasts almost thirty national parks, which is really a lot given the small area of the country (51 100 square kilometers). Rain or fog forests, coral reefs or mangrove swamps are home to five per cent of the world's biodiversity. The country also has volcanoes, waterfalls and several rescue stations for sloth.
Gentle to the planet. The night of scientists begins in Prague
"In Prague I would definitely visit CTU and look at the model of what smart cities will look like. At the Charles university, I visited the Institute of anatomy at the medical faculty, which at other times access to the public is not," advises the national coordinator of the researchers ' Night the morning star Navratilova.
The Institute of anatomy offers an examination of the autopsy room and the opportunity to try on work with surgical instruments.
"Then I would go to ČZA and watch the film Green Desert," Navratilova adds. Nine laboratories will also offer guided tours. The motto of this year's night of scientists is " friendly to the planet."
Attorney General resumes prosecution of mother who manipulated daughter against Father
Attorney General Pavel Zeman disagrees with the acquittal of a mother who manipulated her daughter for a long time and disrupted her relationship with her father. She faced charges of abuse and endangering her upbringing. The county court acquitted her, and Zeman disagrees. In a similar act, his appeal to the Supreme Court could be seen as a criminal offence.
The Supreme Court decision could have a broader impact on other cases. "A more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse can also be considered necessary in terms of regulating further application practice," says Zemanov's appeal.
The Svitavy District Court first found the woman guilty last year of child abuse and endangering the upbringing of a child. With her daughter, she formed a firm, to symbiotic bond, even in a situation where she was supposed to be entrusted to her father.
As a result, there was a pathological fixation on the mother and a significantly negative relationship with the father. The situation marked the emotional development of the daughter, who was even hospitalized. She threatened to self-harm in the event of being transferred to her father's care.
A svitava court ordered the mother to serve two years in prison with a two-year suspended sentence. But the Pardubice branch of the regional court acquitted the woman in the appeal proceedings, saying it was not a criminal offence. The same verdict was repeated by the county court after the Supreme Court had already ordered it to rule again.
The regional court found that situations where one parent manipulates a child towards another are not exceptional. They are dealt with in custody proceedings, possibly with the help of psychologists or bodies of social protection of youth. Exceptionally, the solution is criminal law.
However, according to the attorney general, the woman committed both abuse and threats to her upbringing. "The defendant acted quite deliberately when she had negative feelings towards her father in her daughter, and targeted these negative emotions. Such acts not only did the monitor illicit intention to restrict or exclude the intercourse of the father with a minor, but she had to be necessarily aware of that fact in the psychosocial sphere of a minor will cause negative consequences," standing in the appeal.
Zeman asked the Supreme Court to return the case to the county court again. It follows from the appeal that the child is now in the care of the father.
Step aside, he called on Schiller for words about the opposition dirt Czernin
"I consider it completely unacceptable that a member of the Czech government anywhere, much less in parliament, enjoyed this totalitarian expression," wrote Czernin in an open letter to Schiller.
Her words caused a stir when discussing a draft constitutional lawsuit against President Milos Zeman. The opposition failed to get enough votes, and a draft constitutional action brought by the Senate was thrown off the table by MPs.
"I get dozens of messages from people I don't know. There's not a single vote in support of this lawsuit. There are messages in support of the president and messages like how taxpayers ' money is being spent here, how empty straw is being beaten. And I even allow myself not to use harsh terms, to quote one of them: it's opposition and senatorial filth," the Treasury Secretary said.
"These expressions were frequented by Nazis, citizens of Jewish origin and communists, their political opponents. It is a rhetoric of totalitarianism, without a hint of respect for Man and opinion," wrote Deputy Chairman of the top 09 Czernin, who will compete for the post of party leader in the autumn with former First Vice-President Margaret Pekar Adam.
"I quoted one of the many reports I received in the course of the House negotiations," he said. Their common denominator was disgust at the constant personal dehonestation we see daily in domestic politics, which was also the main motive for Thursday's House hearing. "I'm surprised that someone's expression applies to themselves," Schiller responded to CTK.
Shops destroyed, street fires, memorial parade accompanied riots
Five years ago disappeared 43 college students in Ayotzinapa, despite extensive investigation has thus far failed to case clarify. The students were reportedly detained by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not exactly clear what happened next, according to the investigation, but the students probably ended up in the hands of a local syndicate, and were subsequently killed and burned, according to the agency APTN.
A memorial parade was held in Mexico's capital on Thursday, with families expressing frustration that they are still unable to find answers and explain the disappearance of their children.
But the mostly peaceful march was disrupted by smaller groups of vandals destroying everything in their path. Vandals destroyed shops and hotels, did not shield themselves or destroy monuments, set fires around the city and drained Windows.
Already before the march president Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador said that he would do everything to catch him, and asked the public for any information that would lead to the clarification of the case.
More than 142 people have been detained as part of the investigation, but none have been convicted. Many of them had to be released because she was violated of their human rights, investigators say the suspects tortured the following APTN.
Mahulena Bochanova interrupts the annual detox and sins again!
More than a year ago, Mahulena Bochanova confided to Lightning that she had quit alcohol. "During the holidays, I thought," I'm going to give my old dead fifty-year-old body a breath. I gave myself a deadline forever. I feel very rested, I have a lot of energy and my psyche has improved most of all. I haven't been in a good mental state lately. I get up better, my head doesn't hurt, I have more energy, more money."
One year's abstinence was enough, she said, and the actress again found a way to drink. "Sometimes I'll have bubbles or fine wine, but I won't drink what I used to. I'll have one drink and have fun till morning. I've got a bottle of wine in the fridge for a week. Loved my non-alcoholic beer that I can drink anytime," bragging to Movement, which still form a couple with the brno entrepreneur Peter.
Bočanová also returned to the theatrical season after the holidays and will start the series in the Rose Garden. "I'm ashamed of the first two performances, I was really bad," he said. But it's getting better, " the critically acclaimed actress smiles.
Jaromír Soukup spoke about Gott: he wishes him mainly peace of mind
Moderator and entrepreneur Jaromir Soukup (50) will not be afraid of any questions. In your show Call and write to the boss publicly commenting on various topics. And strangers to him are not even tabloid cases, which glosses and jokingly glosses. Although this time he wasn't into laughter.
Jaromír Soukup made his comments about the sad news, which is a very serious illness of Karl Gott. He promised the singer one very thoughtful thing for himself.
"You know, Charles got sick and said it fairly, without having to poke it around by tabloid journalists. I don't want to comment on it, it's a serious illness, we all have great respect for Karl Gotta. And I wish him, of course, successful treatment and, most importantly, peace of mind! The peace he needs now, " said Barrandov, the TV owner.
"I wish the media would leave him alone. And she waited for the news, which the master himself decides to provide to the media. I don't really like the various statements his old acquaintances and various celebrities have made about his health. And on behalf of our media, I can say that we will address his illness and his person only if he shows interest in it himself. I think other media should consider a similar approach."
Young Czechs think they can do it with money. The survey did not confirm this
"Thus, it turns out that young Czechs have somewhat more confidence in their knowledge of finance than reality. In this case, women and non-graduate respondents had a significantly greater proportion of bad answers," said Director Kruk Jaroslava Palendalová.
Men and young high school or college students are more likely to believe in their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs learn the most about the functioning of financial affairs from parents (37 percent), self-study on the internet (23 percent) and only in the third row from teaching at school (21 percent).
Questions about finances consult with parents primarily women, while information on the internet is more likely to be sought by men. Getting information about finances from their parents prevails in all age categories of young people, regardless of their formal education or personal income. Practically minimal influence is enjoyed by prospectuses of financial institutions, professional journals and publications.
"Once again, it turns out the importance of raising children by their parents, who represent authority in all the main spheres of life. This is why a key level of financial literacy is for parents who transfer their knowledge and experience to their offspring," Palendal said.
Savings and investment are preferred by 94 per cent of youngsters.
Clearly young puts the question whether it is better to conserve and get for example their own house or apartment, or enjoy and the money rather spend, no savings, and their own housing.
94 per cent of those surveyed believe the strategy of saving and investing in tangible fixed assets. This applies across all age categories of young people, regardless of educational level, social status or current level of personal income.
The strategy of the inquiry is being championed by married people with two or more children and public sector employees. Instead, people living alone and with an income above 30,000 crowns a month want to enjoy it.
Hunter injured in fall from posed, carried to ambulance for three hours
The unfortunate accident occurred before half past eight in the peak parts near the Devil's mill.
"It was a very complex and inaccessible terrain, so we rushed five of our paramedics to the injured man with the appropriate technique. At the same time, we asked for cooperation from the Moravian-Silesian health service. Paramedics then rushed an ambulance to the crash, " said Libor Kluz, a dispatcher for Beskydy Mountain services.
Rescuers found the Hunter in the area with multiple injuries. They treated him immediately, and then gently, but with difficulty transported on the so-called Austrian trolley through unseasonable terrain.
"Transport in the route of about one and a half kilometers was slow and difficult. Therefore, the injured nimrod was handed over to the crew of the ambulance after about three hours," added Libor Kluz.
According to Fariborz Jaškovského, the designated chief of the Mountain rescue service Beskydy, and at the same time striking the rescue workers, fellow hunters, fortunately, managed to describe in detail, where the injury is located.
"Therefore, we found it relatively quickly. However, if he had the app on your phone an Ambulance, they would have been in our rescue course before, and at the same time about the accident and his situation I knew immediately dispatch lines 155," said Radan Jaškovský.
He added that a packed mobile phone with an activated Ambulance app should be taken for granted in the mountains today.
Zeman monument-man suspending Constitution calls for law enforcement
Those who move around in a camp-divided society and don't want to go completely crazy will welcome situations where they don't just have to root for their own. When can he admit the pluses even to whom he otherwise criticizes. That's why he doesn't feel like he's just following pre-assigned stickers. Such situations include a list of heavily damaged monuments, which president Zeman fights people when their favorites go to the regions.
Everyone knows what it is. And who sometimes travels in the Czech republic, the number of devastated landmarks - from the centers of historical cities after the individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches or estates - seeing on my own eyes. Everyone suspects that demagoguery can come here, too. That if we don't treat City Hall as a monument or some horror in the zoning plan may be the work of former administrations. Or an object privatized, the owner of which is not traceable. The head of state the local policy calls for: "Section of the heritage act allows you to fine owners of premises who do not care about your property."But even if the owner is irreplaceable, it is necessary to admit that the president calls for enforceability of the law. Which even critics of his bending of the Constitution should recognize as a plus.
Of course, Milos Zeman would not be Milos Zeman If he considered all the details and formalities of a complex problem. But he stands for a good cause, much like the squatters, which he himself does not recognize. Two years ago, we wrote: "for all the swearing, squatters draw attention to a problem standing out of the current interest. To the fact that this or that construction is in a state of emergency."And let's face it, the president is doing the de facto same thing.
When you come to the historical center of Jáchymov, you marvel at how devastated it is - including houses with Renaissance cores. At a time when Jachymov celebrates 500 years of mining silver and mining tolars (for Americans dollars). Why? He said it was because of a speedy home sale in the ' 90s. years, officials there say. But why is it that the seven-kilometer island, the seat of the Shliks who raided the jáchymovské tolary, has a historic core nicely repaired? It's a good thing the president is pointing out these things.
Babis called for security cooperation at Terror Victims ' Memorial
Prime Minister Andrei Babiš and wife Monica visited 27. September 2019 in New York a monument to the terrorist attacks of 11. September 2001 Ground Zero.
Terrorism is the main enemy against which all the states of the world should fight together. At the end of a five-day visit to the United States, it was held today at the New York Terror Memorial of 11. September 2001, Czech prime minister Andrei Babiš declared. On this occasion, the Prime Minister honored the memory of two victims of Czech origin.
"It's a very moving place," the prime minister said, as he laid a white rose beside his wife Monica with the names of Lukas Rambousk and Czechoslovakian emigrant Alena Seshinova. Both were among more than 2,750 people killed in the hijacked aircraft attack on the former World Trade Center (WTC) skyscraper. The towers of the WTC collapsed after the impact, in their place is now a monument with a name list of victims.
"We need to remember what happened here, the horror," Babish said. U.S. attack of 11. in September 2001, the prime minister called for the United Nations to cooperate in a unified campaign against international terrorism. In addition to destroying the World Trade Center skyscrapers, the terrorists then crashed a hijacked plane into a Defense Department building in Washington and planned another strike on a target in Washington, possibly the White House or Congress. But the plane crashed when passengers confronted the hijackers.
"That's our main enemy, there would be all the states of the world should join together and in a coordinated fight against international terrorism," added the Czech prime minister.
The Slovenians have also beaten the Polish world champions and are in the ME finals
Slovenian volleyball players will play sensationally for the European champions ' Premiership title. With the support of almost 12 Thousand Storm fans in Ljubljana, the reigning two-time world champions beat the Poles 3-1 and are the first finalists.
Who will be challenged in Sunday's Paris summit will be decided on Friday between France and Serbia.
The Slovenian team was much more compact in the semi-finals than the Polish world champions. Those belonged to just the beginning of the opening set and with any luck, the ending of the second set, but domestic volleyball players to overcome in the defense and of the players in red-and-white jersey basically scored only a native of Cuba León.
The Home lineup featured both dunk Chebulj and Urnaut, as well as the second versatile Stern, who soon replaced the lacklustre Gasparini. The Poles made good on winning all previous matches on this Euro, while the Slovenians gained confidence after heavy play-off battles with both Bulgarians and Russians.
With the Poles in August this year, the Slovenians lost 1-3 in the Gdansk Olympic qualifier, but beat them back at home. But he will now leave the sold-out Ljubljana Arena. After today, however, they have their second medal in history, and they can upgrade an unexpected silver from ME four years ago in Paris.
At the previous European Championship, the Slovenians finished eighth, only behind the Czech national team.
Technology companies want to rule our cities
Francis Fukuyama's history has gone somewhat awry. In 1992, at the peak of the wave of liberalism that ensued after the end of the cold war and the fall of the iron curtain, the political scientist, in his most famous book the End of history and the last man wrote: "what we may be witnessing... is the final point of ideological evolution of mankind and the universal acceptance of western liberal democracy as the final form of governance."
About twenty-six years later, we rather witness from the U.S. after Russia, from Turkey to Poland and from Hungary after Italy wins rather models illiberal and doing various forms of nationalism and radicalism. Fukuyama's current ninth book of Identity: the Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment is trying to cope with the onset of these forces. As shown in his conversation George Eatonem for the New Statesman, many of his former opinions reviewing: claims that the ideas of socialism should go back to the public space, and Marx had a lot of truth. At the same time, he insists that his thinking is still in line with the nineties position, and critics say he misunderstood the end of history and The Last Man.
"What I have to say at the time was that one of the problems of modern democracy is that it provides peace and prosperity, but people want more than just that... Liberal democracy doesn't even try to define what a good life is. It leaves it up to individuals who feel alienated, do not see sense, and therefore unite into groups according to identity that give them a sense of belonging."
In its time was the book the End of history and the last man written as a strong argument against the marxists, who as the final stage of history they perceived communism. When asked how he now sees the rise of socialists in Britain and the US, Fukuyama replies: "it all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we are talking about ownership of means of production, then except when clear services to the public are in demand, I do not think that will work. But if you have in mind redistribution programs, which is trying to solve the huge imbalance in income and wealth, we have already witnessed, then yes. I don't just think he could come back, he should come back. This long period, that started by president Reagan and prime minister Thatcher, and in which the word received certain types of ideas about the benefits of the unregulated market, was in many ways disastrous effect."
Finally Fukuyama attempts to calm the current situation and all the liberals warns that even the advent of new not entirely democratic regimes does not mean the end of history.
The soldiers are rehearsing. pull the curtains. China plans celebrations at massacre site
The military has been rehearsing over recent weekends. Shops in downtown Beijing had to close and residents near the Square were ordered to close their curtains. Along the empty streets, military cars rolled to the Square, and combat aircraft circled in the sky.
Several Chinese told Reuters they were proud that their country would show off its military strength. But one woman said it was hard to deny that the celebrations would unsettle other states.
She appeared to be referring to Taiwan, which China claims and where elections are coming. But they may also have concerns in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, where thousands of people have repeatedly demonstrated against the Chinese-appointed trustee.
Celebrations are also underway outside Beijing. The South China Sea port of Xiaomen put on a special light show on Thursday night. Xiamen lies across from island Taiwan and is one of China's Ten Most Innovative Cities.
Before the anniversary, the list of forbidden things is growing. There are already drones, balloons, Dragons, alcohol, walkie-talkies and devices using radio waves, The Guardian newspaper reported. He added that China's popular social network Weibo was erasing "damaging political information."
"It's another milestone, another opportunity to show that the chinese communist party remains (at the oars) despite all the predictions," said historian Maura Cunningham, which deals with China. "This is a moment where the party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
People's republic of china was founded in 1949, when the communists under Mao zedong won in the fight with Čankajškovými nationalists who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half 60. for years, China underwent a disastrous communist experiment in the form of a so-called Cultural Revolution. In June 1989, the regime massacred thousands of pro-democracy protesters in Tiananmen Square, including students and workers.
Since the late 70s. for years, China has increasingly taken over elements of the capitalist economy. Critics say it is now a mixture of the worst of Communism (one-party monopoly and persecution of the opposition) and (Dickens') capitalism (exploitation of workers).
Czechs or children are prohibited from entering. COI reveals discrimination in restaurants
These included, for example, misinformation of prices and non-compliance with the principles of fairness of sales.
In one case of discrimination, a restaurant in Prague refuses to let smaller children into the business. On his website, according to COI, he writes that the device is not suitable for children under the age of eight. "The electronic query of the consumer, whether it is possible to get in that restaurant to order a table for four adults and one child aged four years, an employee of the restaurant electronically replied that the restaurant do not accept the presence of children up to eight years," said Fröhlich.
In the latter case, another Prague Enterprise did not want to let English-speaking people to the table, while English-speaking allowed it. "The Czech-speaking inspectors, in the position of the consumer, were not allowed to sit at the table in the restaurant and make an order. English-speaking consumers were allowed to do this," a spokesman for the COI said.
Both cases are now being dealt with in administrative proceedings. Because they are not yet final, an inspection spokesman could not provide more details about the restaurants.
But discrimination only occurred in a very small proportion of restaurants controlled in the second quarter. In total, the COI carried out 139 inspections. In addition to the two cases of discrimination, it found other misconduct in 64 cases. Mostly it was about the shortcomings in the adherence to the principles of integrity selling and not informing consumers about prices of products and services in accordance with the regulations.
As early as Wednesday, the inspection reported on cases of discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreigners were charged amounts higher than Czech-speaking clients. In these cases, fines of 60,000 kroner have already been imposed.
On vacation only with a credit card? NEO account offers withdrawals from ATMs worldwide for free!
Roughly half of all Czechs travelling abroad have become accustomed to paying directly by card, according to the surveys. The main reasons include in particular the comfort, safety, but also the opportunity to use travel insurance with credit card often comes.
The convenience of paying by card can be appreciated by travelers in almost all corners of the world. This is especially true in popular tourist destinations, but today Credit Cards are accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, for example, for work, do not have time to go to the exchange offices repeatedly to exchange cash. And even "holidaymakers" do not want to rely on cash for them. Moreover, some foreign currencies do not even have Czech banks or exchange offices. The NEO account we therefore, out of the way so that its users could free of charge to withdraw cash from all atms, wherever they are," says Catherine Petko, director of marketing and communications and spokesperson of Expobank CZ.
In addition, a credit card is a much more reliable way of not losing your money compared to cash. At the loss of a full wallet, its owner does not have to wait for the money that he carried in it. However, if he only loses his credit card, he can easily block it on the phone or through internet banking immediately. Thus, in a quick negotiation, he may not suffer any financial loss at all. "Keeping money in a bank account has other advantages in addition to their reliable protection. For a NEO account, for example, interest is 1.6% per annum, which is among the highest among both current and savings accounts. Its establishment and administration takes place completely online without the need to visit the branch. In addition, money in the bank account is insured up to 100 thousand euros, and keeping the account is completely free," adds Katerina Petko.
For anyone planning to go abroad, travel insurance should be commonplace. Thanks to the ability to arrange it and pay by card online, this can be done even at the last minute. However, owning a credit card alone often means insurance protection when travelling. "For example, the embossed cards MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business travel insurance is an integral part in the foreign trips to all countries of the world. Holders of these cards can also insure their family with whom they travel. They are often denied any further arrangements, " adds Kateřina Petko from Expobank CZ. However, it is always advisable to verify the extent of insurance, i.e., whether it applies to all activities that have the travelers plan to take.
We're looking for motivated immigrants. The preferred children's clinic is building an international team of doctors, we bring their stories
Albanian Ledjona Toni graduated from medical school in Czech and today few know that she is a foreigner.
In the Czech Republic, there are hundreds of medics from abroad who could stay and work. Get some of them tried pediatric clinic in Prague Motola.
For Tara Hussein Tayeb to arrive at Motol hospital in Prague around 5pm, she had to get up early. Kurdka with short-cropped hair she went to the Czech republic from Sulejmánie, a city in the northeast of Iraq, where he works as a pediatrician in the hospital and in the afternoon another treat little patients in the context of private practice. In addition, he teaches at the University.
Spilk in wig. Indianapolis is on the verge of progressing after the first round
Golfer Klára Spilkova is two birdies after the first round of the Tech Championship Tournament in Indianapolis on the verge of progressing to the final rounds of the LPGA Championship on Thursday, finishing two bogeys and finishing the opening day in a par. With a score of 72, he is on a split 69. place, which is supposed to cut.
Twenty-four-year-old Spilkova returned to the circuit last month after a two-month medical break and failed to make it to the second half of the tournament in Portland. She took a break due to fatigue and exhaustion after a transient illness.
The first Czech winner of a professional tournament on the European series of years is a member of the LPGA Tour for the first year and has not been very successful so far. Of the twelve tournaments, she has passed the cut three times, preferably 32. Hawaii. He's struggling to keep the card for another season.
The tournament in Indianapolis was played best by Korean Hor Mi-Zhong. After the first round, he has a score of -9 and a two-shot lead over three opponents.
Prague Stock Exchange grew slightly, Czech banks, O2 or Avastu thrived
Prague Stock Exchange closed trading week with moderate growth. The PX Index rose 0.13 percent to 1038.45 points. Czech banks, telecommunications company O2 and technology firm Avast were dragging it up. On the contrary, Austrian titles and media companies CME did not succeed. This follows from the results of trading on the stock exchange site.
For most of Friday's session, the Prague Stock Exchange traded in moderately positive territory and ended with little profit. "However, for the whole week, lost (index PX) slightly over one percent," said Joseph Dudek of Fio bank.
Domestic banks have partially corrected declines from past days. The Commercial Bank edged up 0.82 per cent to 803p and Moneta Money Bank up 0.41 per cent to 72.80 P. Shares in Avast were up 0.89 per cent at 113p and operator O2 added 0.46 per cent to £ 216.50.
Kofola securities rose 1.38 per cent to 294p. The tobacco company Philip Morris, whose shares rose to 13,640 kronor, gained less than a percent.
Securities from energy firm CEZ stagnated at $ 520bn on Thursday.
The loss was three titles - Erste Bank wrote off 0.87 percent at 779,20 crown, CME 0.73 percent to 109 kroner and the insurance company VIG 0.40 percent, at 618 crowns.
The crown weakened slightly against both major world currencies. On the euro lost four pennies to 25.85 rubles/euros, on the dollar three pennies to 23.62 rubles / USD. This follows from the data on the Patria Online server.
My heart is like a bell and my lungs are a non-smoker. I'll just have a few infusions, Zeman joked.
The head of state underwent a several-hour medical check-up at the Central Military Hospital (UVN) on Tuesday. According to the director of the hospital Miroslav Zavorov, doctors did not find any "disease conditions"in the president. The president will celebrate his 75th birthday on Saturday. birthday.
Doctors at the president's check-up revealed mild signs of dehydration. His problems with low pressure were caused precisely by insufficient water supply. "To fix the dehydration of my body, I'm going to take a few infusions that will get the minerals into my body," Zeman said.
However, according to him, the director of the CVN noted that "the Czech state has a healthy president". The president said in a statement that he had received several hate messages about the medical check-up.
According to the president, doctors examined him thoroughly and did not miss a single place on the body. "So, brief recap: the heart beats like a bell, the lungs are clear, like he wasn't a smoker, the liver function, as I was a teetotaler, kidneys are fine, too, and I can go on and on," said Zeman.
Editors iDNES.cz she contacted the military hospital to comment on Zeman's statement about her health.
The question of Zeman's health became a topic especially at the time of last year's presidential election or in some public appearances in which Zeman has obvious walking problems. According to Prague Castle, the president is ill because of diabetic polyphunctional neuropathy. He also has problems with low pressure and worse hearing. Because of his health, he cut back on smoking.
Scientists look for toddlers with birth defect, called ankle valgosity, in their study
Valgozita (outgrowth) of the ankles is a congenital defect that affects five to ten percent of children. By default, it is treated with intensive exercise. Scientists are trying to help these children even more, therefore they have developed special shoes, which should significantly speed up the treatment.
"We have two prototypes of shoes they will wear healthy children and children with a diagnosis, we mapped the effect in both groups. Participation in the research will have for children no risk and the measurement will be completely painless," explains Marta Gimunová, head of research of the Faculty of sports studies.
Parents of both groups of children can report to the study via the website where the registration form and all information are available.
Scientists are looking for fifty children with a diagnosis and fifty children healthy. Of each group, half will always wear health shoes, and half will not.
"The moment when parents should your child should sign up, is the moment to desert to the first separate steps, typically go for example of furniture, which when you try to walk holding. Participation in the research entails three measurements in the course of seven months from the first steps of a child, each takes about 20 minutes, half of the participants also includes the wearing of the test footwear," highlights Gimunová.
Pike in the pond, or a relatively prosperous open-air museum?
Babis chose for his optimistic view statistics such as good security (the Czech Republic is the seventh in the world), low unemployment rate, low national debt. Or an indication that our country is twenty-four out of 140 rated countries, according to one recent study.
But Developer Dusan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot reported other, far from "Pink" figures in a television interview at the architecture and Development Summit. For example, that the Czech Republic is on 154. place in the world in the speed of construction management. It may well be that the current economic "boom" will leave no significant building heritage behind, as it did in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only existing legislation, but also slow, non-executive bureaucracy. Which is documented and comparative study, in which the CZECH republic significantly lags in overall quality and performance of public administration in developed countries.
Our country just hasn't the potential of the good economic situation of recent years to good use to invest in the future. While it is nice to increase salaries and pensions, but the people with the improving living standards will also want to have a place to live, modern and fast travel, have the quality of cultural food stalls, live without intolerable environmental burden.
For years, though, the capital city of Prague has been unable to complete the internal and external circuit or build a fast track or metro to the airport. And Prague does not even have a modern, architecturally bold National Library, concert hall, or National Gallery. The reason for doing so is not only absurd scramble for architectural competitions, master plans and building permits, but also some sort of specifically Czech conservatism, which holds the motto "each bolder change is for the worse".
And when it seems that something more courageous could be done, it will almost certainly be thwarted by monuments or other somewhat crafty associations or politicians. In the absurd drama around the "blob" Jan Kaplický designed for the new building of the National library even wanted to bagrům tie and the president, Václav Klaus.
However, the enumeration does not end with a threshold. The CZECH republic is not able to finish building its backbone highway network, even start building the railway express train station, so Germany decided to lead my tracks for superfast trains from Berlin to Vienna "detour" through Bavaria. In addition, in schlendrian, repairs to existing infrastructure are sometimes drowning. Getting quickly from Prague to Brno is a puzzle now done.
Babish came into politics with a promise to"get things done." But not much has happened so far in terms of meaningful investment and accelerating cumbersome bureaucratic procedures. From 2018 applies while the amendment to the act on acceleration of construction of transport infrastructure, but on broader positive effects, for example, to facilitate expropriation of land we will have to wait. And the new building Act, passed by the government, which is expected to shorten the current average length of construction proceedings from 5.4 years to one year, will begin, if we are lucky, from 2021. A lot of people wouldn't bet on it, though.
Combed wants $ 45 million from state
The Ministry of Justice has received six requests so far and is now analyzing them, according to a spokesman for Vladimir rape's office. The youngster was jailed for two years for assaulting the woman but was eventually cleared by the judiciary.
Both the Attorney General Pavel Zeman and the minister of justice Marie Beneš filed the appeal in the case.
The attempted murder of a hairdresser in Hořice happened in February 2013. The Hradec Králové prosecutor's office charged the then 20-year-old grammar school student. The prosecution claimed that the woman repeatedly hit in the head with a log and took her over ten thousand crowns. Seriously injured woman found her son, her life saved by doctors hradec hospital.
He denied any wrongdoing from the outset. "I'm innocent, and I swear on that. I'm sincerely sorry for what happened damaged, but I'm the perpetrator I'm not," he said earlier in the court a young man, who did not deny, that at the hair salon fateful day. He said he wanted to get a haircut. But he left after his wife told him he was already closing. He then turned himself in to the police as a witness.
The hairdresser did not recognize him as the aggressor in the interrogation, but later identified him as the attacker. According to forensic experts, she suffered from memory lapses after the attack.
The Hradec Králové regional court gradually delivered five judgments in the case. He initially pleaded not guilty twice and was sentenced to 16 years in prison, while the High Court of Appeal reduced his sentence to 13 years. Combed gradually went behind bars twice, but each time after the Supreme Court intervened, he was freed. After a ordered swap of the Senate Judiciary Committee, the verdicts were repeatedly overturned, with the last one upheld by the Supreme Court in March this year.
The chairman of the board Jiří Lněnička, however, at the same time in justification of its conclusions stated that this decision is wrong, but due to the procedural situation he said he had no better option. He said the prosecutor's appeal against the acquittal rejected the verdict, although her appeals were justified.
"The problem with this matter is not that there is a lack of evidence, but their assessment. We believe in the pre-trial the collection of a sufficient amount of evidence that would in any other criminal case for the recognition of guilt, amply sufficient," stated Lněnička.
But hradecký, but also the Supreme court on the case looked different, and their opinion would further the abolition of acquittal probably changed.
Epilepsy complicated his love of sport, thanks to surgery he has new hope
For the first time, the parents of Honzik noticed that something was wrong with him, in a year and a half. He always looked into space for a few minutes, immobilized and did not react to anyone. Pediatrician he, therefore, sent to the children's neurological clinic, where his doctors after a series of examinations established the diagnosis of epilepsy and immediately him and planted drugs, but they didn't work immediately.
It took almost a year for doctors to find the ideal combination of drugs, thanks to which he completely ceased to have seizures. In five years, so doctors medications dropped off, and because the seizures have not returned, parents should for is Jan healthy and started him more lead to the sport. He cycled, skied, played tennis and floorball, spent his free time playing games with his sister and friends. But at the age of eleven, he had another seizure, and it all started all over again.
Doctors again tried different combinations of drugs, but this time nothing worked, the seizures in the form of absenteeism were constantly repeated. Since he always stopped perceiving during the seizure, the parents were horrified that he would get it during sports and get injured. Gradually, the Honza stopped riding his bike and swapped downhill skis for cross-country skiing and snowboarding. Although from time to time the sport caused him a seizure, he never completely gave up on it. He even made his dream come true and ran the Spartan Race, alongside a friend who kept him in the loop to help in an emergency.
When Honza was 15 years old, parents decided to try to change doctors and turned to specialists in the FN in Motola. After a series of examinations, doctors there concluded that Honza was a candidate for surgery to remove a plaque from his brain - the source of epileptic seizures. "I had to do 2 surgeries in a row, first the doctors injected probes into my brain that scanned his activity, then they could remove my bearing. It's been a hell of a few weeks for me. I had to just lie there and barely move from my head stuck out the wires that were connected to the computer," recalls John.
The operation was successful, and the doctors removed the relatively large deposit. "The first days after surgery it was very mentally challenging, He was apathetic, confused, sad and almost didn't talk. In contrast, as is normally alive and communicative, it was a scary change, but fortunately after a few days everything returned to normal," describes the mother and adds: "a Month and a half after the surgery he had 1 seizure, but according to doctors it becomes. Since then, he has been without a seizure for 3 months."
In this year's school year will be Jan graduate, in addition to sports he enjoys languages and began to cooperate with the Company E, which runs after school for discussions about epilepsy. For the time being, Honza is not fully engaged in sporting activities; he is gradually returning to the sport. "I'm learning how to play sports correctly, how to breathe well, to the body exposed to sudden stress, which is but with my competitive nature quite a nut to crack," explains Honza.
This year, he is yet to take part in the traditional EPPI boating triathlon, where epilepsy sufferers and healthy athletes meet and which is being held as early as this weekend.28 September 2019 at Veselské sandstone. But next year, I hope so.
XXX Lutz can buy competitor Kika, authorized by the bureau. There's a catch.
"The office for protection of competition allowed subject to structural commitments set out in the favor of the maintenance of effective competition mergers of competitors - the company XLCEE-Holding GmbH on the one hand, and companies Kika Furniture and Lambda Properties Czechia on the other side," - said the representative of the ANTIMONOPOLY Martin Fun.
XLCEE - holding in addition to the XXX Lutz chain owns möbelix stores. If the Kika chain were to be absorbed, it would occupy too much of the Czech furniture and accessories market. Therefore, part of the purchased company must divest.
XLCEE-Holding buys Kika branches in other countries where the chain operates, namely Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. Even there, the transaction must be authorized by the antitrust authorities. The purchase of 22 foreign branches of the Kika chain from Signa Holding was announced by XXX Lutz in May. Signa took over the failing Kiku last year at a symbolic price.
The Kika chain entered the Czech market in 2005 and is two after Swedish firm Ikea. Before it was taken over by Austrian company Signa, it had belonged to South African firm Steinhoff International Holdings since 2013. She faced problems when she revealed irregularities in her accounting. Kika has nine outlets in the Czech Republic.
XXX Lutz has been operating in the Czech Republic since 2010. In addition to IKEA, Sconto, Jysk or Asko-furniture and Kika, it is one of the largest furniture retailers in the domestic market. The same owner has the brand Möbelix. XXX Lutz will already operate more than 300 department stores in 12 countries following the takeover of Kika's foreign branches. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is 4.4 billion euros (about 114 billion CZK).
The library commemorates the anniversary of the death of Vaclav IV. manuscript exhibition
Six rare historical manuscripts from Turn 14. and 15. century, that is, from the time of Roman and Czech King Wenceslas IV., can see people today and Saturday in Prague Clementine. The National Library has released them from its vaults to commemorate this year's 600. anniversary of Wenceslas ' death. This morning, librarians and restorers placed rare originals in showcases in a mirror Chapel. Admission to the exhibition is free, it is open for both days from 10: 00 to 18: 00.
An exhibition of documents entitled Ad mandatum domini Regis: from the royal office and Library of Wenceslas IV. prepared by the library along with the National Archives. On a written inheritance from the time of the reign of Václav IV. the National Archive looks at official documents and the National Library looks at literary works, said its author Jan Vojtíšek.
"Visitors can look forward for example to the work of agriculture Peter de Crescentiis, which is basically a kind of encyclopedia of agriculture, or the breviary, therefore, the prayer book of one of the benedictine monastery of st. George at Prague castle, and from the beginning of the 15th. "I think people should look at the exhibition," he said.
The Epistles of Peter of Blois will also be exhibited, where the semi-character of King Henry II of England is depicted in the opening miniature H (enrico). The author of the decoration, most likely, is the Master of Samson's history, who took next to two volumes of the Bible of Wenceslas IV. he also participated in the decoration of a number of other manuscripts. Visitors will also see John Wycliff's Latin tract from about 1411 to 1414.
From the Václav IV library. not a single book has been preserved in the Czech territory. This library belonged to, according to experts, the most extensive and also the most beautiful book collections in the central Europe, because the young king lusted after the construction of representative libraries, which would offset the book collections of his French relatives. However, the library died soon after Wenceslas's death. Apparently, it was stolen or destroyed in the conquest of husita Castle. But several codes were saved. Most of them are now owned by the Austrian National Library.
"We have in our collections a variety of treasures and I'm glad that they are in a state which allows their display and making available to the public, the so-called live and not only in the form of a digital library Manuscriptorium," said the director of the National library, Martin Kocanda.
On Saturday's National Day, a free exhibition called What Lies Beneath the floor will open in Clementine, which presents local archaeological discoveries.
Kristýna Plíšková has not made it to the finals, her second title is still missing
Plíškové environment in Tashkent has testified in 2016 here she won her first tournament on the WTA and this year did very masterfully.
After wins with Paolini, Kawa and Kužm, she fought her way into the top four.
But the match with Alison Van Uytvanck did not go well for Christine. The Belgian kept her serve and twice broke Plíšková's serve in the first set. In the second set, Van Uytvanck soon went on to lead 3-0, and the turnaround failed, even though she managed to turn even one brejkbol in the end. In the last, she turned away one swordball, but in the second came the end.
Petra Chernockova changed her image and did well! In light hair rejuvenated
The film Saxana Petra Černocká (69) for her age looks absolutely fantastic. Although she will celebrate her life Jubilee in November, she never looked like a pensioner. And now she's helped. She changed her image until her colleagues didn't recognize her.
Actress Petra Černocká never looked like a typical grandmother, which should have hair laced with gray color, wore settled things and the company went out sporadically. She's always taken care of herself, and the older she gets, the more she can unwind in looking at her image.
Fortunately, she did not succumb to the trend of plastic surgeries and takes care of her skin with the help of good old indulona. And her anti-wrinkle recipe pays off. But now she has changed her hair color and has completely seen through it.
When she came to a social event where celebrities said goodbye to summer, no one could recognize Petra. Not only did she have lighter and shorter hair, but she was still dressed in a yellow coat that made her even brighter.
Ladies should learn from Saxana how not to underestimate that even on the threshold of the seventies they can risk with appearance. And it paid off for Petra, she looks fifty at the most.
Traveler Zikmund or general Boček. Senate handed out commemorative medals
The twenty-six-year-old, who was a British Air Force fighter during World War II, thanked everyone awarded medals. "The Senate was one of the first to remember and not forget war veterans," he said. "The awards I took over today also belong to my friends who are no longer with us," he added.
In his speech, Kubera warned against dividing society. "Let us not forget our roots, which, whether we want to or not, unite and shape us all. It is from these values that our successful present is based," Kubera said.
The awards were a cardiologist, and the most cited Czech scientist Renata Cífková, longtime rector of the Tomas Bata University in Zlín, Petr Sáha, geologist, writer and explorer and popularizer of science Václav Cílek, the president of the Czech biathlon union and vice president of the World biatlonové union Jiří Hamza and Francis Paštěka. The upper house appreciated his heroism - in January this year saved the life of his neighbor and his two year old granddaughter, when it is pulled from a burning car. Former Upper House presidents Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch also received the medals.
Zikmund made together with George Clark, a number of travel expeditions around the world, in which they gathered a variety of documentary material. Fištejn was both a commentator and director of Radio Free Europe, now working with the public media. Steigerwald also acts as a playwright and screenwriter, and the musician Kocab was the head of the parliamentary commission for overseeing the displacement of Soviet troops.
Medal with the advance got astronomer and emeritus head of the UN Office for space affairs, Lubos Perek, and in July on the occasion of their stých birthday. By the end of the year have the same valuation get the Czech native and the first U.S. secretary of state Madeleine Albright and british philosopher and political scientist Roger Scruton, who among other things participated in the activities of the so called underground university during the communist regime in the former Czechoslovakia.
The app will help equip workshops. For points earned by movement
Equip the timber workshop of the Hodonín integrated school with new hand tools. This can now be earned by anyone who downloads the EPP app on their phones.
"With your movement, you collect points, which you then credit to the account of our project. You don't have to be a competitive runner or cyclist, the points load even if you go walk the dog or do the shopping, go for a walk or walking to work," said director of hodonín school Eva Schmid. The project became among the most interesting of the huge number of other applications for the CEZ Foundation. The application will only be active for a month.
