An unusually open and unique painting by Karel Gott in Olga Špátová's feature documentary
This unique film from the workshop of Olga Špátová will have its premiere in Czech cinemas next spring.
"In mid-September last year, Ivanka and Karel Gott called me and asked me if I would make a documentary about Karel's life with Karel again after ten years. I didn't hesitate for a minute! Thanks to my exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and immense diligence, it was and is a great honor for me, and I accepted the challenge to make a feature-length documentary about Karel Gott, which brings joy to three generations of listeners with its art, "director Olga Špátová describes her feelings.
Thanks to a quick agreement and agreement, the first day of filming took place on October 22 last year, and the last shots with Karel Gott were filmed a few days ago. The goal was and is absolutely clear - to authentically capture Karel Gott as a phenomenal singer who distributes himself to his supporters, as a painter, but at the same time a loving husband and father of his children. A man who for sixty years has been distributing joy with his songs to several generations not only in our country, but also in Europe, and in fact all over the world. A man who enrolled in the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The film is not intended to be a show of Karel Gott's undeniable fame and achievements. "That's why it's not even possible to compare my previous film The Gott Phenomenon with the present one. Everyone is different. At least by shooting them in a different stage of Karel Gott's life, and this is very evident in his personal, even intimate confession which confirmed us all in what kind of legend we have the opportunity to work with and spend time that is truly indescribable, "adds Olga Špátová.
The creators captured Karel Gott during his performances, during meetings with his fans in our country and in Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, in a cottage in Bohemian Switzerland, in a village where he spent his childhood, and in other places that played an important role in his life. Thanks to Karel Gott's sincere openness, the film will be completely authentic and unique.
"Olga has a great gift for filming with her close team, so that we are often carried away by the spontaneous atmosphere and naturally let it into our privacy, thanks to which I talked about relatively confidential topics. With my husband, cameraman Jan Malíř, We originally wanted to release the film in 2019, when I celebrated my life anniversary, but because I had another beautiful summer with my family, I wanted us to shoot as long as possible. , my wish was that it would be released in cinemas in the spring of next year. This documentary is a thank you to my fans and all those who supported and accompanied me in my profession, "says Karel Gott himself about the film.
Insects are up to sixty times less than 40 years ago
No other animal class is represented in nature more than insects. Beetles, butterflies and other species make up more than half of life on Earth. But there are growing reports that the insect kingdom is shrinking radically. Another scientific study on the subject was published this week, and she said the situation was even more serious than humanity had ever realized.
The study is based on field research in a tropical rainforest in Puerto Rico, in which American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As they write at the beginning of the report, insects are "ten to sixty times less" in the rainforest today. This is a decrease in the entire population, ie not the number of species, and the research concerned not only insects, but all arthropods. Due to the extinction of insects, the population of other fauna, which is dependent on insects in the food chain, such as birds, frogs or lizards, is also thinning.
The authors of the research put their conclusions directly related to climate change. According to them, the average air temperature in the rainforest has risen by two degrees Celsius over the last thirty years, and warming has become the driving force behind the collapse of the food chain. According to the author's team, the study shows that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems may be much greater than previously thought.
A major article about the report was published in the Washington Post on Monday, which reports the new findings as hyperalarmatic in the headline. "It's one of the most troubling articles I've ever read," entomologist David Wagner of the University of Connecticut told the paper, which he cites as an independent expert.
Insect extinction also affects Europe. "In our country, the decrease is also an order of magnitude," points out Lukáš Čížek from the Institute of Entomology of the Academy of Sciences. According to him, however, in addition to climate change, it is also necessary to take into account the changes in the landscape, which play a significant role in Europe. "In our country, it only runs for a significantly longer time than in Puerto Rico," adds Čížek to the explanation of why scientists were able to measure such a rapid decline in the rainforest compared to the 1970s.
Czechs in Europe by Ondřej Houska: Should Czechoslovakia reject the Munich Agreement in 1938 and go to war with Germany? NO three times
The undated film depicts Adolf Hitler visiting the Czechoslovak border fortifications. The task of the forts was never to stop the German army, but to slow down its progress before the Allies joined.
If, almost exactly 81 years ago, Czechoslovakia rejected the Munich Agreement and subsequently faced a German attack, what would exclude most Czechoslovak soldiers from the fight? German tanks, air force, or perhaps artillery? Quite possibly it would not be any of these weapons, even though the Germans had an overwhelming advantage over the Czechoslovaks. The Czechoslovak army would probably suffer the greatest losses - due to blisters.
The chairman of the police unions, Štěpánek, resigned, he wants to live as a free man
The chairman of the Independent Police Trade Union, Milan Štěpánek, has decided to resign. This was stated on Friday by Czech Radio - Radiožurnál. Štěpánek has been leading the unions since 2005. He will be the chairman of the unions for another two months. He will remain with the police even after leaving the head of the union.
"I can confirm that I handed over my written resignation to the presidency this week, after which I will continue to hold office for another two months," Štěpánek told Radiožurnál. "I have decided as a free man who does not want to be attached to a trade union forever. And who wants to live a calmer life," he said of the reasons for leaving.
The independent trade union of the Police of the Czech Republic associates members and employees of the security forces or employees of the Ministry of the Interior. Among other things, the union took part in police protests against budget cuts or petitions for better conditions for the security forces. In 2011, for example, he got into a dispute with the then Minister of the Interior, Radek John, and organized a petition for his resignation. The governing coalition leadership later agreed to John's departure.
The museum in Semily with the exhibition returns to the Velvet Revolution
Imitation of a normalization room with a television, in which footage from the brutal intervention of police officers against students on November 17, 1989 in Prague runs. This is also the case at the new exhibition of the museum in Semily, which is dedicated to the Velvet Revolution. "The basis is to present what happened in Semily after the events on Národní třída," said the curator of the exhibition, Tomáš Chvátal.
"I would say that the atmosphere was basically the same everywhere, with the first demonstration in Semily on November 22, and then more people gradually packed up every day," he said. Among the most active were initially a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěcha, who was the only one from the city and the immediate vicinity to sign Charter 77, and the Dědečeks, who spread the Several Sentences petition. According to Chvátal, the Civic Forum was formed relatively quickly at that time. "One specificity is that there was a very strong group of local doctors in the Civic Forum," said the curator.
About 50 photographs should draw visitors into what was happening in the city at that time, the images were taken 30 years ago by Karel Bárta. A video from the general strike on November 27, 1989, shot by František Tomíček, has also been preserved, which will be released in a loop throughout the exhibition. Ivan Hlas also spoke and sang at the demonstration. The Semily Archive also lent a number of preserved banners of the time to the exhibition. "They said: Let's not get drunk with a croissant, From riverbed to riverbed, We don't want violence," Chvátal said. Some changes in the city were very rapid at the time, for example, already in December, in an all-Sicilian vote, the people decided that the square would be Riegrovo and abolished the previous name Gottwaldovo.
The exhibition also captures the events before the November events. "In the first part, we present to witnesses and students what was before such a late normalization. I think we managed to collect unique documents from Semily, whether they are banners with various communist slogans or a bronze plaque from the then museum of the workers' movement," said Chvátal . One room is supposed to evoke the feeling that it might have looked like in the living room of an ordinary household at the time.
The last part of the exhibition focuses on what happened after the Velvet Revolution. It focuses on the first free elections. "We wallpapered one room with election posters. Those who have experienced it will remember the posters With us to Europe or there is Václav Klaus still under the heading OF with a beautiful motto Everyone for their community," added the curator.
Let the fans be positive, Hašek wishes. A hit is waiting for Sparta in Pilsen
"We will play at the limit of possibilities, we will do everything in our power to succeed. In order to manage the match in terms of games and results," the Spartan Martin Hašek promised in an interview for club television.
In the week, the goal was decided by a cup duel in Jihlava (2: 1). Sparta advanced to the next round, which was her duty. She was relieved, but she continues to worry about the game.
Even though the season is slowly spilling over into the second period, football Sparta is still looking for the face that coach Václav Jílek talked about at the beginning of his engagement.
"But it's still Sparta, which has very good players. We have a difficult match ahead of us," warns Roman Procházka from Pilsen.
When the Spartans arrived in Štruncovy sady for the last time, in mid-May it was a clear matter in the superstructure. The guests left after a soulless performance with a beating of 0: 4, the largest in the history of the independent Czech league.
While at that time the difference between the clubs in the table was eight points before the match, now Sparta is already losing nine points after ten games of the new season. It is experiencing one of the worst entries of the season ever.
"It's not an easy situation for us or for the fans who would like to see their beloved club completely different from what it is at the moment," Hašek feels. "But we would like them to continue to support us, stay positive and stand behind us."
Sparta does not know whether he will be able to use Tetteh in Pilsen, who received a two-match penalty for expulsion in Pilsen, but appealed against him on Friday.
Costa, Dočkal, Drchal, Panák, Pulkrab, Zahustel, Krejčí and Kadlec remain on the numerous marauders, who are the only cadres to remember the last Spartan victory in Pilsen in 2011.
The home team, who won the last five matches, including Wednesday's cup in Hlučín, should only miss midfielder Čermák. And as the captain, defender Jakub Brabec, a Spartan offspring, should lead them into the match.
Download Metro 2033 Redux and Everything for free on your PC, you have until Thursday
The link to both games is on the Epic Store here. You can also add games to your library directly via the web, but you need to download the Epic Games Launcher client to play them. You have until October 3.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original game from 2010, adding graphic and gameplay changes from the sequel Last Light.
The story based on the book of the same name by Dmitry Glukhovsky takes place in 2033 in Russia after the nuclear war. The Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Mankind had to take refuge underground, in our case in large complexes of the Moscow metro.
"Take the post-apocalyptic world and the oppressive atmosphere from an unknown environment, take on the vastness of the world and add a lot of spectacular scripts and action passages and traditions: Metro 2033 is in the world," we wrote on Bonusweb in a period review.
Everything, on the other hand, is a relaxing game in a procedurally generated world that carries the message of the English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. The player can become anything from animals to trees to the planet.
You must have JavaScript enabled to view the video.
"A terrifying result of the study." Islam does not belong in the West, the vast majority of Austrians think
1,200 respondents were interviewed, the survey shows considerable distrust of Islam in Austrian society.
Nearly 60 percent of Austria's population fear that some Muslims are terrorists, and 48 percent would call for a ban on building mosques. 80 percent of respondents are in favor of greater monitoring of Islamic centers.
Most Austrians also want Muslims to be restricted in their religious practices, arguing that they sometimes feel like foreigners in their own country because of the presence of Muslims.
"The result of the study is frightening," says study author Wolfgang Aschauer, adding: "Such a tendency towards ethnocentrism could eventually lead to the adoption of discriminatory attitudes. There is a risk that the religious freedoms granted to Muslims will narrow."
For believers, the critical attitude is less pronounced. Aschauer argues that in Austria this is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. According to the sociologist, dialogue and education could help blunt polarization.
According to the study, extreme right-wing voters, people without a university degree or seniors over the age of 75 have the most hostile attitudes towards Muslims. On the other hand, the most friendly are the Green voters, people under the age of 30 and university students.
According to estimates by the Austrian Ministry of the Interior, approximately 700,000 Muslims live in Austria, which has a population of around 8.7 million. The vast majority have Turkish roots. There are more than 400 Muslim prayer houses and mosques in the country, and Islam has been officially recognized as a religion since 1912.
Thomas Cook: The Czechs were thrown out of a hotel in Mallorca. Guarantees were not enough
The Austrian, German and Polish divisions of the group also filed for insolvency during the week. The future of the Czech branch is currently being discussed, and a decision should be made by the end of September.
According to the vice-president of the Association of Travel Agencies of the Czech Republic, Jan Papež, there are three variants of possible solutions at stake - liquidation will be announced, or the company will be sold, or a team from the Czech branch will set up a new travel agency. "Which of them it will be, but it cannot be predicted, will depend on the German owner," he told ČTK today.
In addition to two prematurely terminated tours, the travel agency also solves cases where clients had to pay for their stay from their own, although the company tries to provide guarantees to hoteliers. The travel agency promised to make payments to its clients, according to the Pope, the company has sufficient security for this.
Problems in hotels arose mainly in Mallorca, where the company also asked the Czech consulate for help. In this context, the Pope described to ČTK one of the cases in which the local hotel fired all the tourists from the office. "The hotelier could not determine who belongs to the German and who belongs to the Czech company. Therefore, he expelled everyone from the hotel, even though the domestic Neckermann provided guarantees," he said. According to Šrámek, the situation was finally resolved.
The Czech branch of the bankrupt British group Thomas Cook last year increased its revenues to 995 million crowns, a year-on-year increase of almost 21 percent, according to the company's annual report. It covers the accounting period from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. On the other hand, the company's net profit decreased by approximately seven million to 15.3 million crowns. From previous years, however, the company was left with an unpaid loss of almost 103 million crowns. The branch includes two basic divisions - in addition to CK Neckermann, it is also the company Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump is considering canceling Chinese stocks in the United States
The administration of US President Donald Trump is considering revoking the license of Chinese companies to trade on the stock markets in the United States. An informed source told Reuters today. Such a move would be a radical escalation of trade tensions between the United States and China. The shares of the companies in question on the New York Stock Exchange immediately went down after the report and took the entire market with them.
The withdrawal of shares would be part of a broader effort to limit US investment in China, the source added. He confirmed the Bloomberg report, which shortly before caused a shock on the financial markets. Shares of Chinese companies Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI lost two to four percent.
According to government data from February, the shares of 156 Chinese companies are traded on the US stock exchanges Nasdaq and NYSE. There are also at least 11 state-owned enterprises among them.
Bloomberg pointed out that a precise mechanism has not yet been developed to ensure the withdrawal of shares of Chinese companies from US stock exchanges. A possible plan would have to be approved by Trump, who, however, gave the green light to negotiations on the matter.
China and the United States have been waging a trade war for more than a year, during which they impose tariffs on each other. The dispute between the two countries has negative effects on the world economy and raises fears of a recession in the global economy. Washington is using tariffs to force Beijing to change trade practices and reduce China's trade surplus with the United States.
According to the CNBC television server, trade negotiations between the USA and China should be resumed on October 10. Its goal is to end the trade war.
The police accused CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangrác about promotion contracts
The police accused the former manager of the state agency CzechTourism, Aleš Pangrác, about contracts for promotion. Pangrác of the SeznamZprávy server confirmed that he accepted the accusations this week. Czech Television (ČT) stated last year that the police are investigating contracts worth 38 million crowns in the case. According to the police, part of the money went back to Pangrác, the server writes. In the case, criminal investigators were also interested in the Minister for Regional Development Klára Dostálová (for YES), to whose department CzechTourism belongs. The investigation into the case according to the server continues.
Detectives from the National Center against Organized Crime provided evidence in the case in the second half of last November. They were, for example, at the headquarters of the Ministry for Regional Development, at the headquarters of CzechTourism, at the autodrome in Most or at the Sport Invest agency. The minister's office computer was also taken from the apartment. In a court order for a house search near Dostálová, which was previously quoted by ČT, it was stated that in 2016, when she was a deputy, the Minister decided on CzechTourism's expenses in favor of the chosen persons indirectly and outside the standard official procedure. Dostálová then stated that she felt absolutely innocent, did not err, can document everything and fully cooperates with the police.
According to the agency, it was an individual's fault. The media has previously stated that he is a former director of the regional partnership department in CzechTourism, Aleš Pangrác, who was dismissed due to the results of the audit. As a result, the CzechTourism agency concluded 48 problematic contracts.
"Yes, they accused me. But I don't want to comment on that anymore," Pangrác told the North List of Reports.
Vandal destroyed the cemetery in Dobruška
According to a report received by the police, the vandalism on the scattering meadow inside the Dobruš cemetery was to take place on Wednesday between 1 pm and 5 pm.
"The material damage was estimated at 60 thousand crowns. Police officers are asking potential witnesses to the event to share their findings in person on business or by telephone on the toll-free line 158," said police spokeswoman Lucie Konečná.
Criminal investigators are investigating the case as damaging another's property and rioting, for which they face up to three years in prison.
Hundreds of enslaved children were freed from a religious school in Nigeria
According to the BBC, there were almost five hundred men and boys, Reuters reported, referring to the police commissioner, that there were over three hundred children from the age of five. Some were chained to each other, others were chained to iron rings in the wall.
Kaduna police chief Ali Janga told the BBC that the raid on the school was carried out on the basis of allegations. He called the school a house of horrors. Starving people were held there by force, tortured and sexually abused. They could not leave, there was a razor wire above the walls. According to him, this is a case of slavery.
Several people were detained during the raid, according to police spokesman Jakubu Sabo.
The children told police that they were taken to school by their parents or relatives, saying it was a religious school. "We have identified two children from Burkina Faso, but most were brought here by parents from the Nigerian states in the north," a Sabo spokesman said of the victims' identity. The Nigerian states in the north of the country are predominantly Muslim.
Imam Ahmad bin Hanbal's school pretended to be a religious school for the study of the Qur'an.
The freed were transported to the stadium, where they are provided with help and food. Some have already met relatives.
The French chef is suing Michelin for removing the star. I'm depressed, he says
Renowned French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star in January this year, a year after winning it. He intends to try with the publisher of the Red Guide to obtain the exact reasons for the degradation. Veyrat also doubts the competencies of Michelin inspectors, who he said confused saffron with cheddar. The first trial is scheduled for November.
The chef of the famous restaurant La Maison de Bois in the Alpine region of Haute-Savoie lost one of the three Michelin stars in January this year. He will be sued with the publisher of the prestigious Le Guide Michelin because, according to him, the commissioners' conclusion was not duly substantiated. In addition, according to him, the asterisk was removed without any notice. "I've been depressed for six months. How dare you play with the health of the chefs?" Veyrat told the commissioners.
Michelin allegedly provided the chef with only vague reasons, such as the fact that the chef put cheddar in the souffle, which the inspection did not like. "I put saffron in it and the gentlemen thought it was cheddar because it was yellow. I've been lovingly working with Savoy ingredients from the beginning," Veyrat said against the decision. He is convinced of the strong incompetence of the Michelin commissioners: "You are fraudsters who only provoke disputes for commercial reasons." Outraged, Veyrat does not understand "how could they afford to say that we put cheddar in our souffle". "They also offended our region, my employees were crazy about it. We have eggs from our hens, milk from our own cows, gardeners collect fresh herbs every morning," he said angrily.
The distinguished chef, always with a black hat on his head and dark glasses, is opposed to a new generation of Michelin commissioners, and therefore demands the removal of his restaurant from the red guide. However, the publisher refuses. "If the company remains open and our inspectors re-select it, we will continue to recommend it," said Gwendal Poullennec, Michelin's international director.
According to Michelin, the chef's lawsuit shows that he has no meaningful accusations yet and that the lawyer will only help him to formulate it. "We regret that Mr. Veyrat is communicating rudely with us. But we will carefully examine his comments," he said.
In addition to La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart owns two other three-star restaurants.
Technically perfect confusion with a weak scenario. Gemini and Will Smith did not intimidate the criticism
The dystopic sci-fi spectacle Gemini Man boasts an interesting premise - Will Smith will present his younger version in the film. But critics say the story is the weakest part of the film. The film will be shown in Czech cinemas on October 10.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is an absolute leader in his field. It kills effectively and without unnecessary questions. But one day he decides to nail his career. Of course, his employers don't like to send another killer to Henry. The catch is that the killer is Henry himself, or more specifically his younger clone made of DNA. Can one determined person win the battle over himself? This time literally.
Three-time Oscar winner Ang Lee was supposed to be a guarantee of quality. Although this is his first sci-fi, he has extensive experience with dramatic action films, as he demonstrated, for example, in the aforementioned Tiger and Dragon or the western Ride with the Devil. Six screenwriters collaborated on the screenplay. The most famous is certainly David Benioff, one of the creators of the highly successful Game of Thrones. According to the first responses, even all this was not enough for a good film.
"Although Ang Lee strives for great things in technical filmmaking, the film itself doesn't have enough character to highlight it," said Fionnuala Hannigan of Screen Daily.
"This unsatisfactory film is less than the sum of all the talents involved. The weak script and plot is held together only by the technological magic of the filmmakers," said Stephen Dalton of The Hollywood Reporter.
"Gemini is a case in which a huge amount of work has resulted in an incredibly boring action film," said Variety reviewer Peter Deburge.
"A confused product arising from a bizarre idea," Ella Kemp of IndieWire summed up the film in her review.
"It's hard to care that one man is a double for another when neither behaves like a human," wrote Nicholas Barber of The Wrap.
Overview of bank accounts for children on the Czech market
Children's bank accounts are provided free of charge. However, you need to consider the offer because some additional account services are already charged. "The motivation of banks to offer accounts for children, whose basic management is usually free, is straightforward. Financial houses expect their forgiven fees to be refunded once. The small migration of Czechs between banks is probably not wrong," says Kristýna Kuncová from dTest.
According to her, "small accounts" can do almost everything that adult accounts do. The child receives his own payment card, can enter payments, monitor account movements, and has his own electronic banking available somewhere. Banks will set up an account, but it is up to the parents to teach the children how to handle them and also to check their payments.
"Quite flexibly, the parent can set weekly or monthly limits, turn on and off individual services, etc. But above all, they can monitor what is happening on the account, either by browsing the Internet or through information SMS. Please note that these may not be free." Kuncová adds and adds: "If a parent is considering an account for his child, he should consider his abilities and possibilities."
Strict but fair, we enjoy the clock! This is how Benešov high school students see their favorite cantor writer
Humanism should be present in every good book, Pavel Hoza is convinced. A high school teacher of Czech and history, he is also a poet, novelist and awakener of literary life in a small town.
Bohuslav Reynek comes to mind Pavel Hoza's texts. His poetry, his paintings. Bare trees, whitish country houses, quivering grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old roads and the people who walked on them for centuries. Mourning, cursing, blessing. This contemporary successor of Reynek teaches Czech, literature and history at the grammar school in Benešov, runs the equivalent of the Prague Viola in the local Café and annually organizes the Benešov Literary Festival.
Wife change: Ondra's parents were cruelly abused! He ended up in an institution
It was about nerves. The allegedly problematic son Ondřej (9) was severely punished by his father at any moment. "He came from school and lied about a snack. Lukáš looked at me and said that he would kneel as a punishment," Lucie described in the Exchange. Dad Lukáš forced little Ondra to kneel in the corner for several hours! In addition to the cameras, he allegedly had to suffer like this on a wooden pad to massage his feet! "Ondřej came to me after the filming and told me - aunt, I'm making the trouble and remarks just so I wouldn't be here because I want to go to the institute," Lucie described the moment when she fully understood what was going on outside the studio door. And the boy's wish finally came true ...
His condition was so serious that he was taken away from his family after filming and placed for a month in the Center for Educational Care in České Budějovice. He returned briefly to his father and surrogate mother Aneta (28), but then traveled to a diagnostic institute for problem children. "When I came home, Aneta immediately added me on Facebook, we wrote for a while. She was most interested in whether we got the money. I almost didn't react to it at all. But then she wrote me that the little one was in the institution, then they returned him, now he is in the diagnostic school. They are both out of work, "says mother Lucie from Plzeň.
Of course, the lightning addressed the other side as well, but received only a vague answer. "I'm not in the mood, I'm sick, call later," Aneta said, hanging up.
Sparta does not want to lose Tetteh in Pilsen. She appealed against the double match
Football Sparta appealed against a two-match penalty for striker Benjamin Tetteh, which the player received from the disciplinary committee for exclusion in Sunday's derby with Slavia (0: 3).
The Letna Club informed about it on its twitter and is now awaiting the verdict of the appeals committee.
Tetteh has already served half of the penalty in Wednesday's home cup match in Jihlava. Sparta is now working to ensure that the 22-year-old Ghanaian striker can take part in Sunday's 11th round of the first league in Pilsen.
The situation from last October could be repeated. At that time, Olomouc appealed against the sentence for Šimon Falta, who on Thursday received a distance from the disciplinary commission for one match for expulsion against Liberec.
The Appeals Committee did not have time to hear the case, so it postponed the effectiveness of the sentence and Falta was able to start on Saturday, paradoxically against Sparta.
The commission finally confirmed the one-match penalty for the Olomouc midfielder next week, and Falta missed the next duel with Zlín.
Disciplinary stopped Tetteh's activity for a foul on the nightingale David Hovorka, for whom he received a straight red card from the referee Miroslav Zelinka in the 82nd minute.
The alleged spitting of the Ghanaian player on the captain of the opponent Tomáš Souček has not been proven.
The Germans elected Keller to head the football association
As expected, the current head of the Bundesliga, Freiburg, Fritz Keller has become the new chairman of the German Football Association. The 62-year-old winemaker, gastronom and hotelier was elected unanimously for three years, he had no opponent.
Keller replaced Reinhard Grindel, who resigned in April due to an unrecognized income scandal. His other predecessors, Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach, will be sued again for possible bribery in the 2006 World Cup.
Keller said one of the main goals would be to restore confidence to the union and bring it out of the crisis. "It will not be a One Man Show, many people will take responsibility. The union is better than its reputation," said Keller, who presented all his tasks under the slogan: Together we can do it.
After being elected head of the union, Keller left office in Freiburg.
The CSA mine in Karviná was on fire, no one was injured
The CSA Mine in Karviná was on fire this morning. The cause of the fire is not yet known. However, no one was injured during it, Ivo Čelechovský, a spokesman for the mining company, told ČTK.
The fire broke out at 04:25 in a face at a depth of about 1200 meters. "Nothing happened to any of the employees, no one was injured. The banana rescuers immediately intervened on the spot, who directly destroyed the fire and carried out a search of the terrain. The workplace was immediately closed and inaccessible," the spokesman said. The exact cause of the fire will now be determined by a special commission.
In the former Ostrava-Karviná district, coal is mined only in the Karviná part, namely in the mines ČSA, Lazy, Darkov, ČSM-Sever and ČSM-Jih. Mining should end in the Lazy Mine this year, and other mines are also waiting for a gradual decline. The mining company OKD is the only producer of hard coal in the Czech Republic, its production last year was 4.62 million tons. The mines employ 9,000 people.
Berlin is responding to public pressure and addressing the housing crisis. He will buy 6,000 flats from a private company
Berlin will buy 6,000 former social housing from the private Luxembourg company ADO Properties SA for 920 million euros (CZK 23.8 billion), which the city sold 15 years ago. It thus responds to public pressure, which is rebelling against rocketing rising rental prices. According to Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher on behalf of the Left (Die Linke), this is the largest such buyout in the history of the German capital. The opposition criticizes the move.
"The intention is to keep rents stable in Berlin and give tenants security," said Berlin Mayor Michael Müller (SPD) in a statement. "At the same time, we will continue to build new apartments and legally treat the rent freeze," he added. The municipal company Gewobag will take over thousands of flats located in the districts of Spandau and Reinickendorf in the western part of the city in December this year.
According to Jefferies analyst Thomas Rothäusler, the city bought too much. Rothäusler told Bloomberg that, according to his estimate, the housing unit overpaid about ten percent above their book value.
According to the German opposition party Liberals (FDP), the Berlin authorities are contributing to real estate speculation. The FDP stated this on Twitter on Friday. The protest party Alternative for Germany (AfD) called the move a "waste of money".
Already in mid-July, Gewobag regained 670 flats on Berlin's Karl-Marx-Allee, the weekly Der Spiegel recalled on its website. The price was not published by the council at that time. The dispute over the flats on the former exhibition street from the times of the GDR was accompanied by protests and filled the front pages of the German press. It became a symbol of the difficult situation of tenants in large German cities, the paper wrote.
At the same time, the German capital used to be famous for its low cost of living and low rents. In recent years, however, it has gained in attractiveness. According to the AFP agency, rental prices have doubled in the last ten years, making it difficult for some residents to find affordable housing.
Nokia is suing the Brno company for the name Lokia. People do not confuse us, the Moravians believe
Nokia has filed an opposition against Lokia's application to the Industrial Property Office. However, according to the CCV, product substitution is unlikely.
The Brno-based company developing CCV software is facing legal action from the Finnish telecommunications equipment manufacturer Nokia. Finns do not like the fact that the program of the Brno company for warehouse management is called Lokia WMS, wrote the daily E15. Nokia therefore objected to the Lokia brand's application to the Industrial Property Office. CCV considers that confusion is unlikely.
Marketing Director Petr Ondrášek stated that the program is already used by two dozen customers, it has been on the market since last September.
"The Nokia brand enjoys recognition and trust around the world. When someone tries to register a brand that we believe may lead to confusion or weakening of our brand, we take steps to protect our valuable asset," said Nokia spokesman Mark Durrant.
The Brno developers claim that they did not think of a brand famous in the past for mobile phones when creating the stock program. The designation Lokia according to CCV is based on the Latin name for one species of dragonfly, the rapid movement of which is supposed to be an analogy of the movement of warehouse workers around the warehouse.
"On the Czech market, the possibility of confusion is unlikely. We sell modern cloud software with which companies equip their warehouses, and we really do not aim for mobile phone production. CCV manager Tomáš Kormaňák.
CCV applied for trademark protection in August before the program was launched at the Industrial Property Office. "It applied for protection for products and services in Classes 9, 35 and 42, as the software belongs to Class 9, the related warehouse management services belong to Class 35 and the development of computer software in Class 42 according to the international classification," said Ondrášek.
Nokia's opposition is based on the fact that the earlier Nokia mark is valid in all classes of goods and services and thus covers the widest possible range of goods and services and therefore, of course, also overlaps in classes 9, 35 and 42. "CCV does not dispute the opponent in terms of agreement on these classes of products and services, but in reality they are completely different brands aimed at other target groups, "said Ondrášek.
According to E15, a brand dispute can take months and can complicate the company's activities.
From Sydney to London in four hours? In 2030, a possible reality
Saber combines a classic aircraft engine with a rocket. It is designed to propel the aircraft at twice the speed of the Concordes. "Once the Saber engine is up and running, it could allow us to reach Australia in about four hours," Turnock said. And, for example, the distance between London and New York could be flown in one hour.
The Independent server notes that so-called hypersonic flights, which exceed the speed of sound five times, are complicated by engine overheating. However, Saber (Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) should deal with this problem thanks to the use of super-cold helium, which should prevent temperatures from rising.
"The most important thing about the Saber is that it is a hybrid of a rocket and an aircraft engine that is powered by a stream of exhaust gases generated from the air," says Shaun Driscoll of Reaction Engines. "Rockets haven't undergone such a major development in the last 70 years, while aircraft rockets have. So when you combine engines, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and basically create a spacecraft," he added.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights expected to begin around mid-next year. Commercial flights around 2030.
Kovosvit sells an office building and other halls. He expects worse times
Due to restructuring, Kovosvit ended last year with a consolidated loss of 100 million crowns, consolidated turnover was 1.3 billion. Last year's main problems include Kuchař's lack of staff and shifts in subcontractors. This year, the demand for machine tools fell, by 10 to 20 percent year on year. "Related to this is the expected decline in turnover of the order of ten percent," said the CEO. In 2017, Kovosvit had sales of 1.3 billion crowns and a profit after tax of 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit now offers for sale several properties, halls and land, which it either does not use or only minimally. This also applies to the administrative building, where two of the five floors are used, and not yet completely. "Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to streamline Kovosvit, streamline its operations. The sale of assets is not part of any current solution, such as cash flow, but part of a long-term plan where we want to devote all resources to investment development," said the CEO.
Kovosvit exports about half of its production. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, to a lesser extent Asia last year. This year, Kuchař ranks among the most interesting in India, where Kovosvit won an order for machines enabling five-axis machining worth 100 million crowns. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines for 30 million crowns to China. "Another order in the same volume is being negotiated, which we would like to fulfill by the end of the year," Kuchař said. In the Russian market and elsewhere, Kovosvit is facing restrictions due to sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centers to France, an Airbus subcontractor. It delivered another machine to her in May this year, and another one should be delivered at the end of the year or the beginning of 2020.
The main corporate investment this year was the transition of heating from steam to hot water for 20 million crowns. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average working wage is 28,500 crowns. The company is looking for casting grinders for foundries, machine tools, lathes and electricians.
The company has been owned by industrialist and armourer Jaroslav Strnad since September 2016. The company has a tradition in the production of machine tools. It was founded in 1939 by Tomáš Baťa. The company once had up to three thousand employees.
Milan Jakubů: The army stole the funeral for itself! Says Andor Sandor
There are still uncertainties surrounding the funeral of Brigadier General Milan Jakubů. The media speculated during the week that the army was planning the last farewell to the deputy director of Military Intelligence, despite the wishes of the bombastic family, as far as the soldiers can. There were also discrepancies regarding the date of the funeral. Jan Pejšek, a spokesman for the Ministry of Defense, denied this.
"It's nonsense! We have been in contact with the family from the beginning, the agreed Friday funeral date has been valid from the beginning, no one has changed it. Just as military honors are valid. The funeral will finally take place on Friday and it will not lack all military honors, including the flight of fighters.
However, there is still a tense atmosphere around the last farewell to the popular general. The funeral ceremony will not be attended by the decision of the organizers people who have worked with the general in the past!
For example, he is a former head of military intelligence, Andor Šándor (62), who met Milan Jakubů 17 years ago. Sandor remembers his former colleague as hardworking, intelligent and "good guy".
In addition, he has met him regularly in recent years to celebrate the anniversary of the founding of Military Intelligence. That is why he would like to say goodbye to Milan Jakubů. "Personally, I would go to the funeral of Milan Jakubů," Šándor told Blesk. But he can't.
"I also know of other people from the organization who would like to go, but they are unlucky because the potentates usurp the funeral for themselves. I think it is not right to privatize the funeral in this way," said a security expert. The allegedly considered closing of the ceremony to the public due to the secrecy of army leaders is not even playing for him.
"The leadership of the army is not kept secret, nor are the leaders of military intelligence, because they need to be promoted at Prague Castle, we see them there. for the army to overthrow the family and its wishes, "concluded Šándor.
Milan Jakubů died on Saturday in a car accident near Špindlerův Mlýn. The frontal collision of Milan's Rapid with the Ford Mustang was allegedly caused by the driver of the sports car, Vojtěch Ch. (31).
The amateur racer in the turn was supposed to go in the opposite direction, Milan Jakubů apparently did not have a chance to prevent the collision. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the accident and may suffer the consequences for the rest of her life. Police heard the perpetrator of the accident on Thursday.
Commentary by Jan Šindelář: Managing railways as a company
The heavenly election, though apparently not entirely smooth, is the culmination of the sad story of the state's inability to give the railways a clear direction. The board of directors has been incomplete for over a year and it does not change even after Wednesday evening, because one of the members resigned. The provisional period lasts.
From the very beginning, the selection procedure itself was a farce because the requirements for candidates, especially in the field of practice, were significantly reduced. Compared to last year's selection, the requirements for the size of the company in which the candidate was to operate in the past have decreased. At first, the members of the selection committee and then the supervisory board played only the role of pimprlat.
Nebeský probably submitted the weakest professional CV of the five finalists, yet without experience from a large company, he rubbed experienced fighters from the management of logistics giants and transport companies. It was the participation of interesting managers from the private sector that was probably the brightest aspect (and the greatest hope) of the whole process. Today, they know that they only played the role of narrative backdrops in the political game.
Maybe Heavenly will surprise, show great talent and eventually prove to be the best railway boss of all time. At least in the beginning, however, he will be accompanied by the taste of political trafficking. Czech Railways does not have an easy period, they have to cope with competition in the liberalization of the market and the lack of employees in operation. Drivers, shunters and mechanics are missing. What motivation should they have for further work and respect for management when the state behaves in the top management like an elephant in porcelain?
The second important group are creditors. We will see how the tracks at the head of the tracks will be unloaded next spring when the tracks defend their rating. What is certain is that creditors perceive instability. It is sad that someone else goes to Moody's to defend Czech Railways every year. The agency did not miss the frequent changes in railway management and political influence on the company, it criticized them this summer.
The YES movement, among other things, carries out the motto that the state must be run as a company. For a start, it would be enough to run one large state-owned company as a firm, not as a state. Czech Railways is still one of the largest companies in the country and it would be good if the best led them. They reported, but the state despised them. It can certainly be argued that the post at the head of the railways has always been a political matter. But then we can forgive the pranksters with the tender.
The pair wrapped the bitch with tape and drowned in the river, the children found the bag
The case took place at the end of July in the village around Valašské Klobouky. The 27-year-old woman brought home a donated dog one to two years old, which she wanted to take care of. However, her ten-year-old partner did not like the fact that she was a bitch, so he decided to get rid of her.
"He wrapped the animal in duct tape and rope and greatly eliminated his vocal expression. He placed the dog in a jute bag, which he tied. Then they took the animal together to the river, where they threw it in a bag. said Zlín police spokeswoman Monika Kozumplíková.
The next day, the children playing by the river found a jute bag on the bank. When they opened it, they found the body of a dead dog inside. So they called to the woman who was passing by and ran away. The woman reported the incident to the police emergency call line 158.
"Thanks to the knowledge of the town's inhabitants, the police found out who was probably the perpetrator of this incredible act. And they were not wrong. Both the man and the woman confessed to the act and described how the incident took place," a police spokeswoman added.
Expert opinion from the field of veterinary medicine confirmed that the dog died in a clearly torturous way due to suffocation, when the animal suffered for several minutes before death.
"The actions of the perpetrators undoubtedly show a clear intention to get rid of the animal at all costs in this reprehensible way, even if they could donate or sell the dog. sentenced to spend up to three years behind bars, "Kozumplíková remarked.
Thank you for the dance! Singer Leonard Cohen will release his last album posthumously
The album Thanks for the Dance will feature unreleased material and various musical collaborations put together by the singer's son. The album will be released on November 22.
In October 2016, the album You Want it Darker was released, on which Cohen collaborated with his son Adam. He asked him to help him complete the individual songs. On an intimate recording, Cohen symbolically copes with the impending death. He died a month after the release of the album at the age of 82.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen began working on the materials he had left over from his father. He invited a number of musicians to participate - at random Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mas or singer Beck.
"When we came up with the music for my father's words, we used his own distinctive musical techniques. He's still with us," Adam Cohen told the album. "What impresses me most about the reactions of those who have heard him. One by one, they say that Leonard is still alive," he added.
The first swallow of the album is the short song The Goal. "I'm almost alive, I'm almost home," Cohen sings in his distinctive honey voice. He sang about death, suspecting that the release of new material would not survive. He also admitted this in an interview with The New Yorker magazine a month before his death. "I'm ready to die. I hope it won't be too uncomfortable," he said.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen published a collection of his father's poetry called The Flame. It will be published in Czech under the title Plamen on December 31 at the Argo publishing house.
The first Miss Christ finally went to herself: She lost a few pounds and immediately peeked out
The first modern miss from 1989, Ivana Christová (49), had problems with overweight for many years, which caused her not only physical problems, but especially mental ones. She suffered because she has changed a lot since the time of Miss Czechoslovakia. But now it seems that she took the reproaches to heart and set out to fight with extra pounds. Although it's a long run.
She used to be a first-class beauty who also conquered Paris. But thirty years have passed since then and Ivana Christová can only remember the beauty contest. Not only because of her fame, but also because of how thin she was.
Over time, she decided not to follow the strict modeling rules that dictated that she be as slimest as possible and often not eat. She decided to stop listening and began to indulge in what she wanted.
But she went from starvation to overeating, which was immediately reflected in her figure. In addition, Kila tried to disguise herself with various loose clothing, which, however, added to the size of the plump shapes.
Now it looks like Ivana really went inside. She visibly lost weight, began to dress tastefully and appropriately to her fuller figure.
She surprised everyone present at the christening of Miloš Zapletal's book (75), that she looked again and has the features of a charming brunette who entered history in 1989 not only as the first Miss winner after the revolution, but also by the controversy her victory provoked.
Christová will forever be the first winner of beauty, but also the very first to which the spectators in the Palace of Culture and Sports in Ostrava whistled as a sense of deprivation when she put on the crown.
"A parody of justice." A scientist warned of cancer from pollution, sitting in a Turkish base
Between 2011 and 2015, Sik and other scientists participated in a study commissioned by the Turkish Ministry of Health. It concluded that water, soil and food pollution in some industrial areas in the west of the country was associated with an increased incidence of cancer among local people.
The researchers mentioned in particular the Dilovasi industrial zone, which is located about 80 kilometers from Istanbul and where a number of chemical and metallurgical plants are located. According to them, people living in its vicinity suffer from cancer far more often than the international average.
Erdogan takes revenge for the coup, despite international criticism
It seemed to Sik that, despite the clear conclusions of the study, the government was not taking any action. He therefore wrote several articles about the research in the opposition daily Cumhuriyet. Authorities then began to prosecute him for disclosing classified information.
"The study clearly showed the extent to which water resources were contaminated with toxic substances," Sik told reporters after the verdict. "The court ruling shows that the results of studies that directly concern public health can be concealed. This is unacceptable," the scientist added.
"The Turkish authorities should investigate this important public health problem instead of prosecuting people who sound the alarm," said Andrew Gardner of the Turkish branch of AI.
Environmental and human rights organizations have long accused the Turkish government of not enforcing environmental regulations, despite the rapid development of industry in certain regions.
Following the failed coup of 2016, the regime of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan launched a large wave of arrests. There are now almost 80,000 people behind bars, including a number of Cumhuriyet employees. Authorities also suspended or dismissed 150,000 civil servants and members of the armed forces altogether.
Opposition and human rights organizations have accused the government of using the coup attempt to persecute their opponents. However, the authorities defend themselves by saying that these are measures necessary to ensure national security.
The fastest man on the planet missed the tests. I'm not taking anything, he's defending himself
Traditionally, the much-watched battle for the fastest man on the planet will be a hunt for Christian Coleman's silver defender at the World Cup. The 23-year-old American is the world leader in 9.81 seconds and has lost only once this year. However, his start at the peak of the season was threatened due to a case of missed doping tests.
The US Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) closed his case in early September without charge for formal reasons. Coleman did not pass three doping tests last year and this year, but not within 12 months. His first offense was dated back to the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) on April 1, 2018, the beginning of the second quarter, but he did not miss the test until June 6. And because the third omission occurred on April 29, 2019, Coleman did not commit an offense in the form of three failed inspections within 12 months.
Coleman argued that he only forgot to update the in-app data for athletes. "I don't take drugs or take anything legal. A lot of athletes use legal creatine or protein powder or various other supplements for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I work hard and that's what it's about," he said before the World Cup began.
He suffered the only defeat out of six starts this year in a hundred at the start of the season at the Diamond League in Shanghai, where he was only six thousandths of a second ahead of his compatriot Noah Lyles. He used Coleman's absence to triumph in the finals of the Diamond League, but only two hundred will run at the World Championships.
On paper, the second fastest competitor with a performance of 9.86 is the 22-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who has so far only succeeded in American university competitions.
The title will be defended by 37-year-old American Justin Gatlin, who flashed 9.87 in Stanford in June. He ran the last hundred in Zagreb in only 10.29, because he slightly injured his hind thigh muscle.
The circle of favorites also includes South African Akani Simbine, three-time Olympic medalist from Rio Andre de Grasse or European champion Zharnel Hughes. The fastest Jamaican with a time of 9.96 is the 2011 world champion Yohan Blake.
The men's 100 will start on Friday with the preliminary rounds and starts. The semifinals and finals are scheduled for Saturday. The medal will run at 21:15 CEST.
Plane crash near Žinkov in the Plzeň region: Two people did not survive the accident
There were two people on the plane, a man († 63) and a woman († 38). "At half past eight in the evening, the plane applied for permission to land at Chaloupky Airport near Klatovy," said police spokeswoman Dana Ladmanová. This was also the last record, at that time according to GPS coordinates it was supposed to be located near Vojovice near Žinkov.
However, it did not reach the Klatovy airport. The lost plane, which sent out an emergency signal, was immediately searched. "In addition to the police, a military helicopter also took part," said police spokeswoman Martina Korandová. But the search operation did not have a happy ending.
In the forest near Petrovice near Měčín, which is about six kilometers from the place where the plane last reported, the helicopter crew noticed the wreckage before nine o'clock in the morning. "We found a plane and two bodies without signs of life," Korand confirmed.
The crashed machine remained partially wedged in the branches of trees, the pieces fell to the ground in the vicinity. "We will find out the cause of the accident in cooperation with experts and employees of the Institute for the Professional Investigation of the Causes of Aircraft Accidents," Korandová added.
Civilization in the best time
Recently, I remembered a beautiful "message" from one of Šimek's and Grossmann's great stories, set in part in the cemetery, which reads as follows: "I warned her that she was crying well, but on a foreign grave!" It occurred to me that many of the world's politicians now engaged in a senseless fight against climate change are behaving very similarly now.
They act as if people are ruling the planet Earth. In fact, we are just a speck on her surface that she can blow away with her gigantic powers like a gust of wind, the flame of a candle. Probably few of them look at the famous British and American science documents dealing with the destructive abilities of our blue ball. After all, it would be enough for some of the larger active volcanoes to "slip" properly and our advanced civilization will regret it.
And it is highly likely that this will happen in the near future. According to leading volcanologists, many large volcanoes are "charged and unlocked" (for example, Katla in Iceland).
In a way, it would be ideal if the eruption, if it had to happen once, happened as soon as possible. Even before trillions of dollars are wasted on measures to reduce carbon dioxide production, because any really angry volcano, along with dust and poisonous volcanic gases, can release it into the atmosphere at least a hundred times more than has been saved at the expense of Europe's population.
Thus, there is no point in forcibly reducing CO2 production. In addition, it has been scientifically proven that with its significantly higher proportion in the air, plants form more biological matter and are also more resistant to drought. For humanity, possible warming is significantly more favorable than, for example, the rapid return of the Ice Age.
If we realize the hitherto insufficiently researched effect of solar cycles on the Earth's climate, we must come to only one reasonable conclusion: Let us strive to keep the Earth as clean as possible, and let us adapt to other changes with which we cannot compete with the least possible costs!
The repair of the Krkonoše Museum will be a year late
The administration of the Krkonoše National Park (KRNAP) postponed by three weeks the deadline for submitting bids to the second tender for the repair of the Krkonoše Museum in Vrchlabí. The original date for opening the envelopes was September 20, said national park spokesman Radek Drahný. The reason for postponing the deadline for submission of bids is the reduction of the budget from 110 million crowns to 83 million crowns.
"We are currently working with prices that are on the market. There has been a change in the budget, this is the price we expect to be offered. If someone submits an offer that will be acceptable, the work will start as soon as possible," said Drahný. .
Compared to the original plans, the start of repairs to the museum is about a year late. KRNAP wanted to have a selected supplier of the construction part by the end of last year and to start construction work this spring. According to the management of the national park administration, European subsidies of 123 million crowns for the project are not endangered.
The KRNAP administration is unable to select a construction company for the museum's repairs. The second competition was announced this summer, because in the previous tender all the companies' offers significantly exceeded the then estimated price of 65 million. The bids exceeded 100 million crowns.
The museum, which is housed in a former Augustinian monastery and belongs to the KRNAP Administration, has been closed since autumn 2017. The selected company should provide the construction part of the project. The total costs, including the construction of a new exhibition, are estimated at 210 million crowns. The KRNAP visitor center should be established in the now vacated building by the end of 2021 after the transformation of the expositions.
The renovated museum with a new interactive exhibition, which should be a story of nature and people settled in the mountains and build on the successful exhibition Stone and Life, should serve as a representative entrance gate for the Giant Mountains. The visitor center should provide information about the past and present of the Giant Mountains in the most comprehensible form possible and motivate people to discover the mountains and protect them. It should also take on the role of a traditional museum. The center will also offer opportunities for concerts, festivals, theater performances or open-air lectures. The plans are to build a new entrance to the building, create a research room or cafe.
Toyota Hydrogen still believes it is preparing a second generation Mirai car
The Toyota Mirai should never be just a concept. Toyota took it so seriously that even though there was virtually no hydrogen infrastructure in the world, it still put it on offer. So not to a completely standard, the customer had to really go for this car on purpose, but no one else offered such a variant at the time.
Toyota boss Takeshi Uchiyamada confirmed at an international conference on hydrogen that a new generation will come next year. Toyota still believes that these cars have a future and will match the price of hybrids within ten years. Of course, this is connected with the development of gas networks. However, the future is connected with hydrogen as well as electricity.
The word hydrogen was often used at the conference with the needs of ecological operation not of passenger cars, but on the contrary of large tractors, ships, trains, etc. Simply those means of transport that need to overcome long distances in one refueling. Pure battery versions cannot offer this. Thanks to extensive experience and long development, Toyota could find new markets.
It remains to be remembered that, like Toyota, Hyundai also believes in hydrogen propulsion, which now also offers the Nexo hydrogen crossover.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right shade of lipstick: It's not just one red
When choosing a red lipstick, you should first determine if you are the warm or cold type. Try a simple test - look at the veins in your wrist. If they are blue, you are a cold type, if you are green, then you are a warm type. When choosing a new red lipstick, first put on the sorting based on the undertone. Only pay attention to the texture in the next one.
If you are a woman with a cold undertone, then lipsticks in purple, plum, cherry or mauve are suitable for you.
If you fall into the category of a warm skin undertone, choose lipsticks as well. You will recognize them by their tendency to orange, coral, gold or brown reflections.
You may find that some veins look green and others blue. In that case, congratulations - you don't have to look at the undertone and you can focus only on your color preferences.
Purposeful slander? The Ústí Zoo is looking for a new veterinarian, no one is interested
Last at the end of this month. The city administration attributes this to the slander that erupted around the former director of the zoo and at the same time veterinarian Václav Poživil, that he purposefully killed the exotic animals he took care of. For example, it was a female rhinoceros Zamba, elephant Kalu or orangutan Ňuňák.
The city council therefore announced a new contract. "For veterinary care for a zoo with an estimated value of 3.5 million crowns without VAT and for the City Center for Animals in Need with an estimated value of 2.8 million crowns without VAT," said city spokeswoman Romana Macová.
Deputy Mayor Věra Nechybová (UFO) explained that the city is announcing a competition for veterinary services for the third time. "Dr. Poživil had to explain the unsubstantiated suspicions. I consider it a blatant dishonesty of such a quality expert," she remarked.
According to her, there are very few experts specializing in exotic animals. "It's definitely not pleasant. The zoo so far provides veterinary care in the form of orders," she said. Orders and a contract cost the same money. "But the garden must comply with the Public Procurement Act in terms of financing," explained zoo spokeswoman Nikola Roštejnská.
Václav Poživil himself is one of the recognized experts. For example, he took part in a unique operation in which the Ústí cheetah Jane was the first cheetah in the world to receive a total endoprosthesis. He held the position of director of the zoo from 2009 to 2012. He did not comment on anonymous slander against himself. He did not receive phone calls or respond to SMS text messages yesterday.
As for the contract for the zoo, some veterinarians think that the zero interest in it does not necessarily have to be worries about similar accusations as in his case, but simply little information. For example, the Ústí veterinarian Jiří Král has not heard of her yet. "I hear it from you for the first time. No one has contacted us. I think such a thing will spread quickly," he added.
Line D will be supervised by a new metro architect, bringing experience from the London Underground
The Prague Transport Company has chosen an architect who will oversee the design of the metropolitan metro. From October, Anna Švarc will become her, her primary task will be the appearance of the new line D, but the existing station will also be in charge. According to her, the metro cannot be seen only as a transport structure, traveling by underground should also bring an aesthetic experience.
The Czech architect, who participated in, for example, the reconstruction of three London Underground stations, won a tender announced by the Prague Transport Company (DPP).
In addition to the tender, another 14 applicants took part in the tender. "The selection process included a cover letter and a CV. Probably decided by my previous practice from London, where I created a kind of aesthetic manual for the local tube in a team of three people," explains the new metro architect. According to her, her practice from the Institute of Planning and Development of the Capital City of Prague could also decide. of Prague.
The metro is not only perceived as a functional transport structure. Stations should also have aesthetic value.
"I have ideas about how the metro will change, how the space will improve, but I will only find out how it will actually take place in the coming weeks, when a transport company will introduce me to its ideas," says Švarc.
"This is not a series of dogmas, but rather recommendations, the aim of which is primarily to maintain the context of all stations in the event that they are reconstructed," the design manual explains.
Whether a similar tool is also a way to improve public space in the Prague metro is a question. The Prague metro is specific. "I really don't know yet if the manual is ideal or if a personality can cover it," Švarc concludes.
Former French President Chirac will be buried on Monday, with a public pieta on Sunday
The funeral of former French President Jacques Chirac, who died Thursday at the age of 86, will take place on Monday evening at the Montparnasse Cemetery in Paris. The French media reports with reference to Chirac's family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to say goodbye to the former head of state on Sunday afternoon during a pieta in the Invalidovna in Paris, where a coffin with Chirac's remains will be displayed, the Elysee Palace announced.
According to the AFP agency, crowds of people have been flowing into the presidential residence since Thursday evening to sign the condolence book. This will be possible until Sunday. On Monday, President Emmanuel Macron declared state mourning.
Meanwhile, there are further reactions from the world and France to the deaths of the former mayor of Paris and the president from 1995 to 2007, whom Prime Minister Édouard Philippe today described as "a Frenchman in the true sense of the word."
Chiraca was remembered, for example, by the Japanese, because the politician was known for his love for their country and the sport of sumo. The news of the death of the former French president appeared on the front pages of all Japanese dailies, including sports ones, the French press notes.
The Museum of Tribal Art on Paris's Quai Branly, founded by Chirac, will not collect admission for ten days in honor of the former head of state.
The opening of the Pumpkin World delayed the ripening of pumpkins
Nová Ves u Leštiny (Havlíčkobrodsko) - The farm in Nová Ves u Leštiny in Havlíčkobrodsko today opened the Pumpkin World for more than a month. Decorations made of thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins are dominated by massive orange pyramids in the garden. The autumn event, which is becoming a tradition, starts a week later this year, as pumpkins have matured longer on the surrounding seven hectares of fields of the Pipek family. There are still many of them in the field, Jaroslava Pipková told ČTK today.
Pipek grows many types of pumpkins, but the weather has not been good for the last two years. This year's harvest was delayed and some species did not come out. "As usual, we have plenty of orange pumpkins for Halloween, but some species didn't work for connoisseurs," Pipková said. Nevertheless, you can choose from several types on the farm, from the already mentioned large pumpkins suitable for carving and carving decorations through pumpkins for cooking hokaido or elongated "spaghetti" to decorative pumpkins of various colors and shapes.
Growing pumpkins is laborious. Farmers manually dig up plants and harvest their fruits, cutting them from the stem of the pumpkin with scissors. The Pumpkin World has been open to Pipek regularly since 2010, previous years have attracted thousands of people. The decoration of pumpkins is complemented by attractions made of straw or a maze of logs. Visitors will also see animals kept on the farm. It will be open daily until November 3.
Details of the event can be found on the farm's website, where growers also offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, such as pumpkin muffins or juice. Visitors themselves tell them about other possibilities of preparing pumpkins in the kitchen. "A lot of cookbooks have tried their own recipes, and we also get inspired," Pipková said. She noted that some housewives also treat pumpkins to pickles like cucumbers.
The meal plan has been planned by the ministry since 2021. Nothing has changed in the tax
The Ministry of Finance is preparing an amendment to the Income Tax Act, according to which the employee would receive money for food directly. According to the Ministry of Finance, a quarter of employees, ie about a million people who do not yet receive meal vouchers, will thus receive meals.
According to the chairman of the Association of Voucher System Operators, David Rýc, however, even a number of small companies that do not have a canteen or meal vouchers provide meals to their employees, for example by importing food or by agreement with restaurants.
"The essence of the plan is that we do not change anything in the tax benefit. It will not pay for health and social insurance," Schiller said on Friday. She added that the limit for the maximum employer's contribution applicable as a tax credit would also be maintained.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the price of a meal voucher. The remaining part is paid by the employees, in some cases they are also paid by the employer, but without a tax rebate. The best value of a meal voucher for employees and employers this year is CZK 123.
Přindiš, Prskavec and Fišerová advanced safely to the semifinals of the World Championships
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec and canoeist Tereza Fišerová advanced safely to the semifinals of the World Water Slalom Championships in Seu d'Urgell. Přindiš was fourth in Friday's qualification, Prskavec fifth and Fišerová eighth. The other three Czech representatives will strive for a semi-final start in Spain in the afternoon corrective qualifying race.
Vavřinec Hradilek did not succeed from the strong national team of kayakers, who at the very beginning of the ride received a 50-second penalty for incorrectly passing the goal. Přindiš and Prskavec, on the other hand, can now rest and concentrate on Sunday's semifinals.
"I set a goal for the first race in my thirties, which I did. Not that I didn't care how I ended up, because it starts very early in the morning on Sunday, so I was hoping to be a little higher to get better starting position, "said Přindiš, praising the well-being in the Seu. "Before the patrol race, I felt the worst in 14 days since we were here. But then it was good during the race and better again today. It's beautiful here all the time, nice races, the spectators came, so fine," he smiled.
Sparkler was also satisfied. "In qualifying, you don't want to make an unnecessary mistake. I didn't do well in the first goals. Then I drove well in the middle, without any problems and I knew I had a run, so the second mistake came when I wanted to go straight down and turned my head. "Overall, I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, we'll see how it goes," said this year's overall winner of the World Cup.
Both representatives praised themselves that they will go to the start on Sunday at the end of the semifinal block. "I'm not a morning bird, it's also cold here in the morning, and when you're here at eight, it wants a jacket and a sweatshirt," Přindiš said. "Overall, the semifinals take an hour and a half, which is a pretty good difference in terms of sleep," Prskavec agreed.
Of the three Czech singkano players, only Fišerová succeeded, Eva Říhová finished two places behind the twenties, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35. "I went down the upper part according to my ideas, The track I wanted to take. I made two pokes and I am just behind the winner in pure time. I have a good starting position for the semifinals, "Fišerová praised herself.
Coal gives way to gas and core. Renewable sources will not cover the increased demand, says the head of the European ExxonMobil
Renewable resources will not be enough for the Czech Republic to meet future energy demand. Due to the unsuitable climate, wind and solar power plants need to be supplemented with other alternatives, such as those using natural gas.
In an interview with HN, this is stated by Philippe Ducom, president of the European branch of the American concern ExxonMobil, one of the largest global oil miners. At the same time, he mentions that large repositories in which unused energy from days when the sun and wind are enough can be stored for later are still too expensive.
Ducom visited the ExxonMobil center in Prague, which employs 1,200 people and whose task is to support the company's business activities and provide logistics and other services needed for the company's operations.
Declaration of the end of the right in the Chamber of Deputies or How the "right-wing" coalition of ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
There have been recent reports in the media and comments about the upcoming coalition of these parties. Many applaud that the "right" is finally coming together, but I rather wonder why these parties still call themselves right-wing.
Leaving aside the new Tricolor movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a real right-wing party. And it doesn't matter how the subjects label themselves or what the mainstream media parrots label. The ODS is hardly central in its average of the top politicians of this party, TOP 09 is clearly a party of the city's pseudoliberal left (which is ashamed of its leftism, and so is hypocritically referred to as conservative or even right-wing). STAN is a party that basically merges with TOP 09 in its conception, ideology and electoral targeting (the reason for its existence is simply not clear to me). And KDU has even labeled itself as a centerpiece for a long time - but their political compass is much more to the left than they say.
Do you feel like I've taken them all out of one water? No, I am based on the real political steps of these parties. If I consider myself a classically liberal right-wing voter, the highest value for me is the freedom of the individual, the free market and minimal state intervention in the lives of individuals and the economy. How do these parties fulfill this general presumption of rightness? How many laws slashing people's freedoms by the salami method, raising taxes, confirming new regulations and growing surveillance, increasing the bond with the socialist EU or promoting environmental and gender madness have supported it in recent years? A lot, a lot. Not custom stickers, but actions identify them. These parties, despite all sorts of declarations or partial concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And that has nothing to do with right-wingness.
I would not be surprised at all by the coalition cooperation between TOP 09, STAN and KDU; However, the ODS has long been portrayed as "the only right-wing" and, by merging with these three entities, it already reveals its true political position.
By the way, when I mentioned those stickers briefly. Have you noticed how often all these parties identify in a completely identical and cheap way the critics of dirigisme and socialism coming from the European Union as pro-Russian agents? Can't or just don't want to understand that there are many people who don't smell Eurosocialism and growing lack of freedom as strongly as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Do they not by any chance hide their utter argumentation incompetence and unreasonable or blind adoration of Euro-EU conditions?
In short, it is possible that in the Czech Republic, non-central politics no longer have a chance of greater success. Maybe voters really want that kind of connection. Maybe they want a center-left policy under the guise of the "right" because they are ashamed (or can't even identify) of their political beliefs. I don't know. But I am definitely not one of those voters.
Unexplained death of a little girl († 8) in the Příbram region: Viník is not punished
Unexplained cases are called "monuments" in criminal slang. But even these are investigated if new information emerges after years. Especially when it comes to the death of a child. Criminalist Jiří Markovič was able to investigate the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokopské údolí valley, which was 12 years old at the time, in 1980. "The case of 1955? It will be difficult, very difficult. It would like to start finding a file, it no longer has to exist, to talk to those who investigated it. There is always hope, but it would be really difficult," says Markovic.
Under the previous regime, the public was not very informed about violent crimes, but according to Markovic, this certainly does not mean that they would be investigated laxly. "It always depended on specific people," the detective thinks. The problem may be that materials from the 1950s can be destroyed, although open cases should not be shredded.
Lucie Bílá's father did not support her at all. You will not believe what she should have eaten!
Who does not know that the national treasure of Lucie Bílá (53) is the original profession of a seamstress and her real name is Hana Zaňáková, she probably does not live in the Czech Republic. But the singer herself now revealed that she almost worked in a glassworks!
Lucie Bílá knew from a relatively young age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love for singing was born when she performed as a little girl in a cultural house in her hometown of Otvovice, where the warbler still lives.
"And I remember exactly where my mother sat. At that time, a singer was born in me," she admitted to Radio Impulse.
But her father was a little worried about his daughter's future and advised her to take the path of a craft that has a golden bottom.
"Dad always said, 'Craft girl, craft. Walk your feet on the ground!' He even persuaded me if I didn't want to go to the local glassworks. The glassworks no longer works, I'm fine. I'm a trained seamstress and I make various rosaries and pendants from beads at home, which I then auction off and buy wheelchairs for money, "she added with a laugh.
The launch of the new toll is not endangered, Kremlík reports. But the change of operator is at stake
On Friday, the Ministry of Transport began preparations for a new tender for the operation of a new toll system. It is a contingency plan that the state would use in the event that the current toll contract was legally canceled. In addition, the state is preparing another temporary solution if it does not manage to complete the tender on time. This was stated on Facebook by the Minister of Transport Vladimír Kremlík (for YES).
On Thursday, the Office for the Protection of Competition (ÚOHS) banned the fulfillment of the toll agreement between the state and the CzechToll / SkyToll consortium, with a one-year delay. The Ministry will file an appeal against this.
"The launch of the new toll collection system is not endangered. Starting today, we are starting the preparation of a new transparent tender procedure, the subject of which will be the services of operating the new toll system, which is now being completed by the CzechToll and SkyToll consortium," the minister said.
The state would thus look for the operator of the toll currently being prepared in the tender, which will be launched from December this year. It would therefore not be a competition for a completely new toll system, as was the case with the last tender, nor the use of the old system now operated by Kapsch.
However, according to Kremlík, the ministry is also preparing for the fact that it would not be able to prepare a new tender in time. "Based on previous experience with the course of the toll tender, I am deeply convinced that the Office is wrong and that within the 12-month period it cannot objectively prepare and implement such a complex tender procedure and hand over the operation of the toll system to the new operator," he said.
Thus, in addition to the new tender procedure, the resort will also prepare a temporary solution that would resolve the collection of tolls for a transitional period until the state finds a full-fledged form of solution.
The state will probably not use the offer submitted to it in recent days by the current toll administrator Kapsch. The Austrian state company offered to operate the existing system in case the toll contract was canceled.
At the same time, the Kremlin reiterated that he believed that a backup plan would not be needed. The Ministry will therefore file an appeal against the decision of the Antimonopoly Office.
On Thursday, the Office issued a decision banning the performance of the toll contract. However, the ban will not take effect until one year after the Office's decision has become final. It is not final and an appeal can be lodged against it with the President of the Office. The Ministry and CzechToll are therefore continuing to prepare a new toll, which should be launched in December.
The CzechToll / SkyToll consortium won last year's tender for a new toll system and its operator. It succeeded in a toll tender with an offer of 10.75 billion crowns for ten years of operation. The current operator Kapsch protested against the course of the tender and the validity of the toll contract, which failed in the competition with an offer of over 13 billion crowns.
I still see myself as a boy who is just looking around, says Jan Cina
"It was a big school for everyone who worked on it. I fell in love with Afro dance there. The fact that I have something Romani in me after my dad, it completely enchanted me," said Jan Cina, who considers himself mainly a musical actor.
He has much fresher memories than the series První krok has the role of a painter in the new film Národní třída. Cina revealed that director Štěpán Altrichter must have attracted him a lot. "The work was difficult, but the result is worth it. The film was made a year ago. Hard and honest, but at the same time fun. It was shot on Národní třída, where I drove as a non-driver. It was also shot a lot in the South City of Prague," he said. to the Czech-German co-production film.
Although he is nominated for a Thalia Award for his role in the production of The Little Prince, he does not consider it the pinnacle of his career. "I don't feel that way. I still see myself as a boy who is just looking around. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I see the peak far ahead of me," he said, not even thinking about the thank-you speech in case of victory. "Not at all, but as a child listening to talk shows on the radio, I always imagined talking to people."
Jan Cina has been living with his colleague Petr Vančura for thirteen years. What is his recipe for a happy relationship? "To like each other and to perceive problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," he revealed, recalling the awarding of the Czech Lions when his friend fell on the steps.
"Yes, it really happened. He had new slippery shoes and the red carpet was slippery too. So it didn't take long and he was lying on the ground. He could make it a priority. He had a workshop on Vančur's Stairs, where he taught how to fall down the stairs safely at VIP events. "
Děčín Zoo is happy with a small macaque
"Our gang currently has seven members. Its youngest member was born on August 17, she was born by a female Buffy and is her fifth cub, the father is a male Hitam. "If she gave birth to a male or a female. At about three weeks of age, the cub gradually began to put it off for a short time, and the nurses have known for a few days that it is a male," said zoo spokeswoman Alena Houšková, adding that the Děčín Zoo had successfully bred 12 young of this species.
Crested macaques are the so-called endemics of the island of Sulawesi, which means that they do not live in the wild elsewhere in the world. A typical feature is black fur and a tuft on the head, after which they have a name. Crested macaques live in rainforests, especially at lower altitudes.
Like most primates, they feed on plant and animal foods. The menu is dominated by the fruits of forest trees, which complement the flowers and leaves. He solves the need for protein by eating small arthropods, larvae and, to a lesser extent, bird eggs and chicks.
"Leaving aside the natural enemies, which are pythons, everything else has been written down by man. The locals hunt macaques as a favorite prey with tasty meat and fur. It is fatal for these animals to burn and cut down the rainforest," the spokeswoman added. .
Germany reports the first case of West Nile mosquito fever infection on its territory. It has to do with climate change
In addition to West Nile fever, mosquitoes can also transmit malaria, for example.
On Friday, Germany announced the first case in which a person became infected with West Nile fever in German territory after being bitten by an infected mosquito. The DPA informed about it. Until now, all patients have contracted the virus while traveling or in contact with sick animals. According to experts, the turning point of the disease is related to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute said that a 70-year-old man from Saxony was infected with the virus. His illness was severe and he was treated at a hospital in Leipzig due to inflammation of the brain. He's healthy now.
The West Nile virus was first detected in 1937 in Uganda. In the meantime, it spread to large parts of Africa, Asia and Europe, and in the 1990s to the United States. Its carriers are mainly birds and also mosquitoes that become infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state-owned companies are to undergo a new selection procedure. It will be possible to circumvent the law, the opposition claims
"This is a typical bill that is unnecessary," said ZSnek Stanjura, chairman of the ODS parliamentary group.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the Chamber of Deputies approved changes that are intended to prevent the opaque division of functions in the future - critics speak of newsagents - in state-owned companies. Newly, candidates should go through a selection procedure at the given ministry and they will also be assessed by the government committee for personnel nominations.
However, this is a compromise solution, which, for example, the ODS does not like, because it will allegedly allow ministers to make excuses that selection commissions are to blame for a possible poor selection of state managers. In addition, the opinion of the said Committee will not be binding on the Minister. The novelty has yet to be approved by the Senate and signed by President Miloš Zeman.
Přerov: The driver crashed near the village of Kokory: He died trapped in his Fabia
A tragic traffic accident occurred on Friday on a straight section between Přerov and the village of Kokory. The 28-year-old Fabia driver failed to drive here and drove off the road. The car overturned on the roof and he was wedged under it. He did not survive the injuries he suffered.
"According to the initial information found on the spot, a passenger car drove in the direction of Kokory off the road, where it overturned on the roof and the driver remained wedged under the vehicle," Miluše Zajícová, a police spokeswoman from Přerov, told the novinky.cz server.
And where are the spectators? Doha cannot be London
At the same time, however, it is a step backwards, as the pilgrimage to Doha has voluntarily and consciously renounced the captivating atmosphere prevailing at the sold-out stadium in London in 2017 and last year at the European Championships in Berlin.
Giant banners on the walls of skyscrapers in Doha invite you to "the biggest sporting event of 2019". However, fears about how dignified her scenery will be are growing.
"Tickets for the finish line are sold out for all evenings," say the organizers.
But that's too little.
The upper gallery of the Khalifa stadium with a total capacity of 40,000 spectators is already covered with colorful sails, which also depict the flags of 209 participating countries. Athletics has set off in Qatar in a territory where, despite the annual meeting of the Diamond League, it has no roots.
Not surprisingly, last week only a total of 50,000 tickets were sold for ten days of the championship, although their price started at 60 Qatari rials, ie less than 400 crowns.
The organizers have now set themselves the goal of filling at least half of the uncovered parts of the stands. Therefore, according to sources in the British newspaper Giuardian, they allegedly (although the organizers themselves deny this) distribute free tickets to migrants who work here as workers, as well as to children. Which Sebastian Coe, head of the IAAF athletic association, can also comment positively: "In the same way, we can inspire future generations."
In the past, rich Qatar won world championships in handball and cycling, after athletics in 2022 it will be football's turn. The financial offers of the oil power will always be lucrative even for rich sports federations. Such is the reality of today's sports world.
But even if we approach it and ignore the absence of fans in the stadium, we can't help but feel a purely sporting sigh that the experiment with the first outdoor world championship of athletes in the Arabian Peninsula should have been timed better by IAAF leaders - and another year. The extremely late term, forced by the climate, disrupts the whole scheme of the season in the pre-Olympic year and thus the preparation for the key Olympic season, which would normally start for athletes in October.
Perhaps Qatar will at least make up for it with technological innovations, with the help of which it promises an ultra-modern and attractive championship. That it's just 37 degrees? Already now the stadium area is artificially air-conditioned to twenty-four. And the advanced cameras, built directly into the blocks, are intended to show television viewers in detail what is happening to athletes in hundredths of a second before and just after the starter's shot.
Sparta is really full this year, admits Hradec Králové's back Nedomlel
In his case, the increased motivation is more than understandable. Hradec Králové hockey defender Richard Nedomlel will go to Friday's match against the club where he recently worked. However, the former Spartan is convinced that his teammates will be in a similar situation, even though they have never worn the jersey of the Prague club.
"Everyone wants to go against Sparta," says Hradec Králové before the match of the 5th extra-league round.
Hradec Králové will try to stretch its series of wins, which currently counts three three-point wins in a row. After Kladno, Pilsen, the most appreciated by the fans came on Sunday, Mountfield reached neighboring Pardubice for.
"But we can't look at the matches that were. We need to focus on the matches that await us now and play in them the same, if not better," warns the Hradec defender.
The people of Hradec Králové should not look back at last year's balance with Sparta either. They lost in three of the four matches, taking points only once after the victory in Prague after extra time. In addition, Sparta's leadership brought several significant reinforcements in the summer and expects the team to return to the top.
"Sparta has always had quality players, but what we're talking about, they're really busy this year," admits Nedomlel before the first game at the end of this week.
And the other one? Also a nice shift, waiting for Mountfield on Sunday afternoon in Trinec.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has hidden bitcoins and doesn't know what to do with them
Venezuela's central bank is conducting internal tests to see if it can hold cryptocurrencies. It thus responds to an instruction from the state-owned Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which seeks to send bitcoins and ethers to the central bank and then pay the cryptocurrencies to the oil company's suppliers. Employees are also studying a proposal for the central bank to include cryptocurrencies in foreign exchange reserves, which are now close to the 30-year low. Referring to information from four sources, Bloomberg reported.
The sanctions imposed by the United States on the authoritarian regime of President Nicolas Madur largely cut Venezuela off from the global financial system. This has deepened the country's economic crisis. The current crisis is one of the most serious in the world, forcing officials to use a mix of different ways to move money. While Madur's efforts to launch the world's first cryptocurrency failed, ongoing efforts to use digital currencies show how desperately the government is trying to find ways to circumvent the restrictions.
Neither the Venezuelan Central Bank nor PDVSA responded to the request for comments.
It is not clear how PDVSA came up with its own bitcoins and ethers, or how much value these currencies own. The company has problems obtaining payments from customers through conventional channels because large banks are not willing to trade with entities that are subject to sanctions. Last month, the company received most of the payment of $ 700 million (CZK 16.6 billion) in Chinese yuan because the parties could not find financial institutions that would allow the transaction.
PDVSA may not feel like selling cryptocurrencies on the open market, as this would require it to register on the stock exchange and undergo due diligence. Instead, he wants the cryptocurrency to be used by the central bank and paid with it to entities to which PDVSA owes. The oil company's representatives believe that the central bank is less exposed to possible obstacles that could arise from payment by cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoins and ethers use a decentralized online ledger known as a blockchain to verify and record transactions. In some cases, relatively anonymous transfers are possible without the need for an intermediary. Few banks engage in digital currencies because of problems with money laundering and related client information that complicate compliance.
After the debacle in 2018, cryptocurrencies are experiencing a return to prominence this year due to the expectation of their greater acceptance by institutions and Facebook's plan to come up with its own cryptocurrency. Even so, they remain unstable. Bitcoin has fallen by almost 20 percent in the last four days, but has made a profit of about 130 percent since the beginning of the year.
Neckermann cancels all flights, involving five hundred Czech clients
Neckermann cancels flights in connection with the insolvency of the British Thomas Cook and his German daughter.
"The Czech company Thomas Cook, s. R. O., Operating under the trade name Neckermann Cestovní kancelář, did not file an insolvency petition," Šrámek said in a press release.
"However, CK Neckermann is forced to continue to cancel the planned departures of its clients," he added, adding that this currently applies to all departures from September 26 to October 6.
According to Šrámek, the cancellation of flights will affect about 500 clients. According to him, the 800 Neckermann clients who are currently abroad "will be taken care of and their safe return to the Czech Republic by their planned flight will be ensured".
The travel agency admitted that some clients were asked to pay for their stay. "In such a case, it is necessary for clients to immediately contact the SOS line CK Neckermann," added Šrámek.
Thomas Cook crashed on Monday. In August of this year, the travel agency concluded an agreement under which creditors were to invest £ 900 million in the company.
She was to receive half the amount from the Chinese company Fosun Tourism. Based on that, it was to become the majority owner. The other half was to be provided by bondholders and creditor banks. As early as September 20, however, information emerged that creditors had asked the travel agency to obtain a reserve of £ 200 million, otherwise the deal would fall. On Monday, the company announced that it had gone bankrupt.
Under the bridge, someone killed a non-conflicting homeless woman. Police are looking for witnesses
According to the Prague police, the murder took place sometime during the early evening until the night from Tuesday to Wednesday. It is to this time that the police summons to a possible testimony relates.
"One of the drivers, who was crossing the bridge connecting Libeň and Žižkov or along Pod Krejcárkem Street, could have filmed the killer on the on-board camera, for example. him on line 158, "said Jan Daněk, a spokesman for the regional police directorate.
According to Danek's spokesperson, the murdered homeless woman was non-conflicting, did not drink alcohol and did not seek the company of other people. The woman lived at the scene. "She most often moved around Krejcárek, Palmovka and Holešovice, when she had big blue shopping bags with her," Daněk added a description of the victim, which could also help potential witnesses.
Slovaks have succeeded, they will only pay a fine for racist insults
The Slovak Football Association succeeded in appealing against the closing of the stadium for fan racism. The national team was originally supposed to play a European Championship qualification match with Wales without spectators, instead the union will now only pay a fine of 15 thousand euros (about 387 thousand crowns).
The UEFA disciplinary commission punished Slovakia and Hungary for the behavior of fans during the recent mutual qualifying match in Budapest, which the visiting charges of the Czech coach Pavel Hapal won 2: 1. She closed the stadium for both unions for one match and fined Slovakia 20,000 euros, Hungary 67,000 euros.
After the appeal, the Slovaks received only a fine of 15,000 euros for insulting political shouts. The next match of the national team in the qualification for promotion to the European Championship with Wales on October 10 in Trnava will be open to fans.
The basketball players did not reach the medal from the U17 World Championships, they finished fourth
The third World Cup of seventeen was also won by the Americans, who defeated Spain in the final by just 77:75, despite over 40 points from the Spanish Angela Salvadores.
"We really wanted to win and not be potato, but maybe we wanted it too much. We caught the beginning, but we couldn't keep it, because we were rolled under the basket," said Captain Karolína Malečková. "Playing in front of such an audience was an incredible experience," she praised the fans in Klatovy and Pilsen.
The Czechs started very well, thanks to two threes they took the lead 8: 0 and dominated the field for the entire first quarter. At that moment, it seemed that the opponents would repay the defeat from the basic group 85:88 after extra time. However, the referees whistled 15 fouls in the half and helped Hungary return to the game with a 12: 2 draw.
"I'm convinced it was enough to put two or three more baskets, run for 20 points and we wouldn't let go. But instead our mistakes came. I'm not interested in the judges, but what we did wrong, and there were mistakes that helped the opponent. to catch, "said coach Richard Fousek.
"It wasn't the first time we had a loss of concentration. But the girls are fighters, they didn't release anything and fought to the end. But the opponent was very good," he added.
The Czechs kept Petra Holešínská in the game, especially by shooting from a distance, and Tereza Šípová, a pivot. However, the best Czech shooter had a problem with fouls and a large part of the third quarter was missing on the field. The Hungarians took advantage of this and gained a slight lead, which they have already maintained, even though the Czechs fought until the last seconds.
"For us, the first five matches were very demanding, we turned the matches in a narrow rotation and it cost us a lot of strength. Against Spain it was clear that the girls were tired and there was nowhere to take. "We missed the landing. And the Hungarians are so good that if you don't put everything together, you will have a hard time winning," added Fousek.
He believes that his trustee has a promising future. "In two years, the girls have been able to win the Youth Olympics, be second to the 16-year-old European Championships and now they are fourth in the world. will assign them a coach in higher categories, "Fousek added.
The end of political news? According to critics, the new law will not help anyway!
However, according to some opposition deputies, the law tends to make ministers relinquish responsibility for the election while continuing to select their candidates.
Greater transparency in selection procedures for positions in state-owned companies - this is one of the goals of the nomination law. 119 deputies spoke in favor. The law passed, for example, thanks to the votes of YES, the KSČM, the Social Democrats and even the Pirates.
Candidates for state-owned companies will have to go through a selection process before a government committee. For example, it was the Pirates who sought to make the recommendation to the minister binding. That didn't work out in the end.
The Civic Democrats and the SPD fear that the nomination law will be passed on to ministers. "The minister will now be able to hide behind a commission decision and will therefore not have a clear and transparent accountability," said SPD chairman Tomio Okamura. ODS Deputy Chairman Martin Kupka speaks similarly.
The government committee should completely reject candidates who do not meet the conditions. These will include criminal integrity, indebtedness, a minimum age of 25 and professionalism should be the main selection criterion.
The law will still have to pass the Senate and then the president will sign it.
Tough competition for the Škoda Kamiq. Kia XCeed relies on rich equipment, at what price?
The Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult model to classify. It is clearly a compact SUV, but does not offer all-wheel drive. He leaves this item to the larger sibling Sportage, which is such a direct response to cars like the Škoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X or Volkswagen Tiguan. Compared to them, the XCeed also relies on more dynamic body shapes, which by sloping the rear can remotely resemble the world of the SUV-coupe, popular in this part of the market, especially among premium brands Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz.
On the other hand, the XCeed cannot be included only alongside the plastic-coated versions of classic compacts, such as the Ford Focus Active. Compared to him, the Koreans have made a much larger number of changes to the body, so those who do not want to see Ceed in the shape of a novelty may not even have to.
Unlike the compact hatchback or Ceed station wagon, the XCeed is also offered exclusively with supercharged engines, so don't expect a basic atmospheric fourteen. XCeed starts with a supercharged liter and also offers a supercharged 16 kW with 150 kW, reserved for siblings of the GT version. Don't expect a sports degree here. Turbodiesels 1.6 CRDi is only available in a mild-hybrid version, which means that the internal combustion engine is assisted by an electrical system that helps reduce consumption and emissions. From 100 kW, it is also possible to pay extra for a seven-speed two-clutch machine in addition to the manual.
Soon, the offer will be expanded by a plug-in hybrid, a variant that will cover about sixty kilometers for electricity only. The batteries can then be charged from a normal outlet.
Simona Krainová: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucia Bílá!
The day before the baptism of the Fuck The Age calendar, Simona Krainová published her latest photos, in which she is completely naked! "I was a little afraid that people would condemn me for taking pictures naked at my age. I'm quite a shy man. But so far I have only positive reactions. I wanted to show women that if they want to, it's possible in 46 years, to have a solid figure. Of course, there is hard work and renunciation behind it, but otherwise it is not possible. "
"Lukáš Dvořák and I took about three thousand photos, chose about a hundred and there are twelve of them in the calendar, so the rest is still waiting for its moment. This is definitely not the last time I was naked," very exposed.
She had an elongated Bernhardt jacket and shorts underneath, which were invisible, so she seemed to have forgotten her bottom. Everyday running has strengthened her legs, so she can afford similar models.
Simona was so happy with the success that she kissed everyone she met at the baptism. Husband, friends, even Slavica Lucia Bílá.
The car tuner brought the voice of the digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, according to the headline of a long text written by Michael Hobbes for the Huffington Post and photographed by Finlay Mackay. The provocative explanation says that the medical community for decades ignored the facts about obesity and waged a ruthless (and also useless) war against overweight people, which not only marked public opinion but also destroyed many lives. But now is the time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes states at the outset is the fact that there is often a very long and tedious journey from knowing the facts to putting them into practice. He mentions the case of scurvy, where some captains handed out lemons, limes and oranges to their crew in the seventeenth century, believing that they would prevent diseases. However, the British Navy withdrew from this practice due to fears of increased costs. The clear influence of the fruit in the prevention and treatment of the disease was then demonstrated in the middle of the 18th century, but it took another fifty years before the navy took this into account. Seat belts also existed long before the invention of the car, but became mandatory only in the 1960s, as well as the first confirmed death in connection with asbestos dates from 1906, yet its first ban came in 1973.
"Every discovery in the field of public health - no matter how important - has always had to compete with traditions, prejudices and financial incentives within the society in which it was to be implemented," Hobbes writes. In American society today, nearly 80 percent of the adult population and about one-third of children meet the definition of overweight or obesity. More Americans today live with obesity than with breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and HIV combined.
At the same time, obesity is seen as a sovereign personal failure of an individual, which is said to burden the health care system and reduce GDP. The fear of obesity is so great in the population that Americans today spend more money on diets than they spend on computer games and movies. However, the truth is that diets do not work. As early as 1959, research showed that 95 to 98% of attempts to lose weight end in failure, and two-thirds of people on a diet then gain more than they lose.
Armed with statistics, Hobbes further describes the lifestyles and traumas of overweight people. The personal one encounters the systemic one, where, for example, at the faculties, when teaching future doctors, he devotes only 19 hours of the entire study to the issue of nutrition. Which, at a time when the 60 calorie process that Americans eat comes from ultra-processed food.
How obesity is stigmatized is again illustrated by reports from surgeries, where overweight people usually experience shorter check-ups, doctors approach them with less empathy and consider them more problematic patients.
However, being overweight is far from just an American problem, Hobbes writes. Since 1980, the proportion of obesity in 73 countries has doubled and has risen in 113. And during that time, no country has managed to reduce and stop this increase. Absolutely none.
Brno Grand Prix? There is a risk of ticket prices rising
The most expensive item is the listing fee every year before the Grand Prix. This year it was about one hundred and fifteen million crowns. "The mass of people who come to Brno during the Grand Prix will spend money there on accommodation, food or entertainment, which should more or less offset the costs associated with organizing the event, including the listing fee," said economist Petr Pelc.
According to him, the importance of the race is also in attracting tourists to the city. "Brno does not have so many world tourist attractions. The big price attracts visitors from abroad. It is as important for Brno as, for example, the Tuřany airport or the exhibition center. And these are projects that are supported from public money," added the economist.
Grand Prix in Brno
- costs for the past five years: 686 million crowns
- profits from the past five years: 682 million crowns
- problem: lack of money to organize, increasing listing fee for the promotional company Dorna
- possible solutions: more money from the state, use of advertising space, increase in ticket prices
- state of play: negotiations on a new contract for the next five years
According to the director of the Institute of Public Administration, Filip Hrůza, the organizers must now evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. "The Grand Prix sucks money out of public budgets for other matters. But to a certain extent, it's a political issue, not an economic one," he thinks.
In the future, the cost of a motoring event may be even higher. In the game, there is a variant to increase the listing fee almost double.
"The situation is not closed, we must try to negotiate the best possible conditions with Dorna. It also depends on the extent to which the state is ready to contribute to the race. If the worst-case scenarios come true, I am afraid it is not realistic the region paid the amount, "admitted the mayor of Brno Markéta Vaňková.
As Deník Rovnost has already informed, representatives of the South Moravian Region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising due to difficulties in raising money for the Grand Prix. "Dorna's condition is that the advertisement must be placed in places that do not occupy the cameras. The selection of companies is also limited, because if Dorna has a general sponsor, then a company from the same area cannot be the second sponsor," Vaňková explained.
Organizers can also get more money from tickets in the coming years. "We have to sit down and say what the costs will actually be. And we have to adjust the revaluation of tickets accordingly," said the Brno opposition representative for the ANO movement and former mayor Petr Vokřál.
Accident on D5: A motorway crash closed the highway
The event was reported around 08:00 at the 22nd kilometer in the direction of Prague. "The highway is closed, at least for freight transport. Cars can go through petrol," said police spokeswoman Michaela Richterová in the morning. The operation was resumed around 2:30 p.m. According to Richter, the preliminary damage is at least two million crowns, and the police are investigating the cause of the accident.
Petr Svoboda, a spokesman for the Central Bohemian fire brigade, stated that one truck was transporting passenger cars and the other plastic granulate. "Due to the large impact, the transported vehicles were shifted, which the firefighters first had to secure against a possible fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank, from which about 200 liters of diesel leaked. The firefighters managed to drain another 200 liters. Employees of the Department of the Environment of Beroun Town Hall were called to the accident due to a fuel leak. The rescue of crashed vehicles and the passage of the highway was ensured by a private company, which also extracted contaminated soil.
Unsuccessful qualification. Czech athletes are not doing well in Doha yet
The Doha World Championships began with qualifying setbacks for Czech athletics. Diana Mezuliáníková dropped out in the 800-meter run and the pole vaulter Romana Maláčová and the hammerhead Kateřina Šafránková, who defended the eighth place, which surprised her last year in London, did not pass the qualification.
Hurdler Vít Müller will complete the start on Friday and Marcela Joglová will run the night marathon race.
Šafránková threw 65.46 meters with her third attempt and fell almost six meters behind her maximum this year, which she would have to improve to advance. Maláčová jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was already beyond her strength. To participate in the finals, it was necessary to overcome the limit of 460 cm.
Mezuliáníková, who got to the championship at the last minute thanks to an invitation from the IAAF, finished in the fourth run in the penultimate sixth place and not even 2: 03.48 minutes was enough for her to advance to the semifinals. It was one and a half seconds behind its maximum this year. "It was quite fast for me, unfortunately I fought with my opponent in the corner, which robbed me of my strength. It occurred to me that I still had strength, but it slowed me down. I almost stopped and had to start again, so in "It was a bit uncomfortable for this. I can't be completely satisfied," said the Czech national team member.
She was glad that she overtook at least one opponent in the finish line. "She really wasn't doing well, so every losing opponent was good. But I think it was in fifth place. Unfortunately," she added. The fastest half-runner in the starts was Winnie Nanyond from Uganda in 2: 00.36.
Doha lacks South Africa's top eight-year-old Caster Semenya, who has too high testosterone levels in her body but, like some other runners, is refusing treatment ordered by IAAF rules this year.
In the 100-meter races, the American Christian Coleman, who was the only one to fall below ten seconds with a time of 9.98, confirmed his role as the number one favorite. His compatriot Justin Gatlin, who is trying to defend his title at the age of 37, also advanced to the semifinals. The Nigerian Divine Oduduru did not start, who is second in this year's performance with a performance of 9.86, and his duel with Coleman, who has a performance of 9.81 this season, was expected.
The great form was shown in the qualification of long-distance Cuban Juan Miguel Echevarría, who flew to a distance of 840 cm with the first jump. No athlete has jumped that far in World Cup qualification in the last 20 years. The 21-year-old Cuban leads this year's tables with an output of 865 cm.
French candidate for Oscar The Poor will launch the Be2Can show
The Golden Bear and both winners of this year's Berlinale, the Director's Award and the Jury Prize from Cannes and much more will present the 6th annual festival film from Berlin, Venice and Cannes. This year, too, the Be2Can festival will bring a selection of the most remarkable and inspiring competitions presented by the three most important European film festivals.
The opening film of this year's show will be the French drama The Poor, for which the author of the film Ladj Ly won the Jury Prize at this year's Cannes Film Festival. The film is a French Oscar nominee. The premiere of the film in Prague will be presented in person by two main roles of police officers, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zonga. Alexis Manenti is also a co-author of the screenplay for the film.
This year, Be2Can will take place in the Lucerna and Edison Filmhub cinemas in Prague, as well as in Brno (Art cinema), Ostrava (Minikino) and Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) from 2 to 8 October.
After the success of Cannes, the directorial debut of director Ladj Ly was presented and awarded at a number of other world festivals. He won the Best Film Award and the Best Screenplay Award at the Durban IFF, and was also screened at the IFF in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, and Sarajevo, and will soon be screened in San Sebastian.
As part of the festival, however, viewers can also look forward to the films Synonyms, Young Ahmed, The Violator of the System, Goodbye, My Son, Sorry, We Didn't Find You, The Ghost Town Anthology and The Golden Gloves. But they can also look forward to other fresh news from this year's Venice, which will go to Czech distribution: sci-fi Ad Astra, Joker, the Czech triumph Painted Birds.
Which cities will disappear under the sea?
A vote by the upper house of the Canadian parliament has confirmed a rumor for several days now: Canada is taking away honorary citizenship from Nobel Peace Prize winner Do Aung San Suu Kyi, a former human rights legend. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who spent years under house arrest in an effort to bring freedom to her country, lost her honorary title due to her involvement in genocide against the Rohingya minority.
The decision to take Suu Kyi's honorary citizenship was approved a week ago by the lower legislature, and the senators have now unanimously supported it. "This is the right message for her, for Myanmar and for the whole world," commented the decision of her colleagues by Independent Senator Ratna Omidvar. "We must make it clear that the accomplices to the genocide are not welcome here in Canada - all the more so as honorary citizens."
Technically, the verdict of the Canadian parliament does not change anything for Suu Kyi, it is just an honorary title, but on a symbolic level it is a strong message for her. The silence of the long-standing human rights activist against the atrocities committed by the army of mostly Buddhist Myanmar for endless months on the Rohingya Muslim minority is unbearable.
The fact that there is an officially organized genocide in Myanmar and that Suu Kyi - the de facto prime minister of the local government - has completely failed in its duty to protect its citizens, a UN report recently said. In particular, it mentions the names of several army commanders who, according to the investigation team, should stand trial for crimes against humanity committed in actions which, as the report says, "shock both with the horror of their actions and the enormous scale". According to the UN, Suu Kyi and her leadership administration committed complicity mainly by covering up the actions of soldiers and releasing a fog of lies around them - for example, that it was an "anti-terrorist operation".
After the deletion of Suu Kyi, five personalities remain on the list of honorary citizens of Canada: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tenzin Gyamtso, the 14th Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, the 49th Imam of Shiite Muslims and Malala Yousufzai.
Developments around the former icon of the struggle for freedom and democracy were also reflected in the Canadian Museum of Human Rights, where information about atrocities against the Rohings and the parliamentary decision to take her the title of honorary citizen were added to Suu Kyi's profile. "We also dimmed the brightening of her photo on the human rights timeline and we are considering replacing her face with a portrait of a member of the Rohingya minority," Museum spokesman Rorie McLeod was quoted as saying by Canadian media.
The only thing that will remain so in the current upheavals of Suu Kyi - at least for now - is the Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to her at the suggestion of Václav Havel in 1991 for a huge contribution to the struggle for democracy. "While Ms. Suu Kyi's current actions are regrettable, her award will not be overturned," said Nobel Foundation chief Lars Heikensten of Canada's CBS.
Microplasts reached the human gut, the study confirmed for the first time
Scientists have been confirmed for several years. A team led by Professor Philipp Schwabl, a professor at the University of Vienna, published a study that for the first time proves the presence of microplastics in human stool. Although the study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia - however, in the samples of all subjects, small particles of plastic with dimensions between 50 and 500 micrometers were found. None of the eight subjects were vegetarians, six of them did not avoid sea fish, all drank water from plastic bottles and food packed in plastic.
And it would actually be a bit of a miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplastics - which are produced either directly, for example for the cosmetics industry, or by the disintegration of larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water and lemonades; in short, everywhere on the planet. Thus, their entry into the human digestive system has only been officially confirmed. There were about 20 microplast particles per ten grams of stool, and scientists estimate that more than half of the world's population will have them.
Lay and scientific awareness, of course, suspects that it is not good. However, humanity still does not know how bad it is - and what effect microplastics have on "host" organisms. Small particles can enter the bloodstream or lymphatic system and end up in the liver, for example. "This is the first study of its kind to confirm what we have thought for a long time. Now that we have the first evidence of microplastics in the human body, we must continue to investigate what exactly this means for human health," says Schwabl.
So far, it is known that microplastics in the intestines can negatively affect the immune reactions of the digestive system, and thus facilitate the absorption of toxic chemicals and other pathogens into the body. And so far no other known solution is to limit the use of plastics, especially polypropylene. However, this will be difficult - the first task facing governments and authorities will at least stop its sharp rise. As for plastic bottles alone, experts estimate that in three years, humanity will consume a fifth more than they do today. The current rate is captivating one million bottles bought per minute. About eight million tons of plastic end up in the seas and oceans each year. Waste threatens marine ecosystems and infects the digestive systems of marine animals.
Some states have already adopted restrictions and other measures, for example, Kenya has banned plastic bags under the threat of draconian penalties. The European Commission is considering minor bans (well-known straws), and the domestic Ministry of the Environment is heading in the same direction. However, critics claim that such measures are nice, but completely inadequate.
Harry in the footsteps of Princess Diana († 36)! Where is Meghan?
Diana was unique in being able to grab people's hearts. In January 1997, it caused a stir when it visited Africa and especially the minefield. The pictures of him wearing a protective suit and a shield on his face have become iconic. And even then, no one could have guessed that a few months later, the princess of human hearts would exhale for the last time in a tragic car accident in Paris.
Her younger son Harry was now scoring when, after 22 years, he went to the same place as her. He went to the demining station in Diric, Angola, also put on a special protective suit and looked very thoughtful. He certainly did not resist the memories of his beloved mother, whom he lost at the age of only 13.
Harry gave a speech on the spot, praising the efforts of the Halo Trust, which is working to defuse minefields and other explosives in war-torn countries. "Minefields are the unhealed wounds of war. By clearing them, we can help the community find peace with opportunities," he said, calling for the rescue and preservation of wildlife and the local river as a source of water. After this visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huamba to rename the local orthopedic center after his famous mother, Princess Diana.
He did not forget to mention her in his official Instagram account: "The Duke is honored to visit a place and community that were so important to his mother, to get acquainted with their tireless mission and to speak to all whom (Diana) felt most they needed to be heard, even though the problem wasn't exactly popular worldwide, "the Sussex Royal Instagram post appeared.
Royal fans, however, may freeze that he did not take his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months) on such an expedition to remember Diana. They both have a separate program from Harry since Wednesday, probably to protect them. After all, taking a little baby to a minefield doesn't sound very safe, and Harry doesn't want to endanger his beloved family at any cost.
The only ones. We are not sure of reproduction, but we do not have to scare
Some words have unfortunate connotations, even if they only state the state of affairs. They include the word only one. Indicates a child growing up without siblings, but does not sound neutral. "You know, single child," they say, without the need to add anything. Interestingly, this feature has been worn by the "only child" for a long time, even from times when terms such as the demographic crisis were not widely used.
Today, even people outside the scientific community know that a fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman is necessary to ensure simple reproduction of the population. It is also widely known that no state in Europe today achieves this value. France and Sweden are the closest to it, but European countries do not have a simple level of population reproduction. (Within the West, only Israel stands out with a total fertility rate of 3.1 children per woman.) It's a situation made for alarmism. That's why it's no wonder that the Minister of Labor and Social Affairs, Maláčová, also fails: "There are almost as many single women as there are two-child families," she told LN in an interview. But she forgot the devil hidden in detail.
Yes, it is good to point out a problem instead of downplaying or ideologizing. For example, as in Germany, where the campaign for more children easily gets the label of fascism (in the style of "Hitler also supported it"). It is good to remember that many couples plan to be single. It is good for politicians to show a willingness to remove the obstacles that lead to those decisions (for example, a slight increase in work from home discourages women from further pregnancies). But in spite of all this, let us point out one thing.
If Minister Maláčová says that "there are almost so many only ones", there is a drop in demagoguery. That statement was appropriate twenty years ago. Let us recall that fertility in the Czech Republic last ensured simple reproduction in 1980 ("Husák's children"). Then it fell to a terrible 1.14 in 2000. But since then it has risen by almost fifty percent, to the current 1.70 children per woman, which is above the European average. This is not enough for simple reproduction, so the activity of politicians is appropriate. Only with that alarmism can they take a little.
Costa Rica is a champion in the fight against climate change
Costa Rica received the title for several reasons. To begin with, the plan to be carbon neutral by 2050 - however, many countries have committed to this under the Paris Agreement. The Central American state, with a population of about five million, produces only 0.4 percent of the world's emissions. Costa Rica has also committed to a full switch to renewable energy by 2030, with 70 percent of buses or taxis expected to run on electricity.
The official tourism organization states that about 95 percent of energy already comes from renewable sources - in 2017, Costa Rica operated on them for a total of 300 days.
Costa Rica boasts almost thirty national parks.
The density of afforestation also contributes to the reduction of emissions. Rainforests with diverse fauna and flora, which cover more than half of the country, are also one of the main tourist attractions. "Costa Rica is a pioneer in nature conservation and sets an example for other countries in the region, but also around the world. Climate change requires urgent action from all of us," the UN said in a statement.
Costa Rica boasts almost thirty national parks, which is really a lot due to the small area of ​​the country (51,100 square kilometers). Rainforest or fog forests, coral reefs or mangrove swamps are home to five percent of the world's biodiversity. The country also has volcanoes, picturesque waterfalls and you would also find several rescue stations for sloths.
Gentle on the planet. The Night of Scientists begins in Prague
"In Prague, I would definitely visit the Czech Technical University and look at a model of what smart cities will look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Department of Anatomy at the Faculty of Medicine, which is no longer open to the public," advises the National Coordinator of the Night of Scientists.
The Department of Anatomy offers a tour of the autopsy room and the opportunity to try working with surgical instruments.
"Then I would go to the CULS and watch the film Green Desert," adds Navrátilová. Guided tours will also be offered by nine laboratories. The motto of this year's Night of Scientists is "kind to the planet".
The Attorney General resumed prosecuting a mother who manipulated her daughter against her father
The Attorney General, Pavel Zeman, does not agree with the release of a mother who has long manipulated her daughter and disrupted her relationship with her father. She faced charges of torturing and threatening upbringing. The regional court acquitted her, Zeman disagrees. According to his appeal to the Supreme Court, a similar act can be considered a criminal offense.
The Supreme Court's decision could have a broader impact on other cases. "A more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse can be considered necessary in terms of directing further application practice," says Zeman's appeal.
Last year, the District Court in Svitavy first found the woman guilty of torturing the entrusted person and endangering the child's upbringing. She formed a strong, even symbiotic, bond with her daughter, even in a situation where she was to be entrusted to her father.
The result was pathological fixation on the mother and a markedly negative relationship with the father. The situation marked the emotional development of her daughter, who was even hospitalized. She threatened self-harm if she was handed over to her father's care.
The Svitavy court sentenced the mother two years in prison with a two-year suspended sentence. However, the Pardubice branch of the regional court acquitted the woman in the appellate proceedings, it is not a criminal offense. The same verdict was repeated by the regional court even after the Supreme Court had once ordered it to decide again.
The Regional Court stated that situations where one parent manipulates a child towards the other are by no means exceptional. It is resolved in custody proceedings, or with the help of psychologists or youth social protection bodies. Only in exceptional cases is criminal law the solution.
However, according to the Attorney General, the woman committed both torture and threats to her upbringing. "The accused acted purposefully when she aroused negative feelings towards her father in her daughter, and purposefully strengthened these negative emotions. the sphere of minors will have negative consequences, "stands in the appeal.
Zeman asked the Supreme Court to return the case to the regional court. It follows from the appeal that the child is now in the care of the father.
Step back, he called on Schiller for words about the opposition dirt Czernin
"I consider it completely unacceptable for a member of the Czech government to use such a totalitarian statement anywhere, especially in the parliament," Czernin wrote in an open letter to Schiller.
Her words caused a stir during the discussion of the draft constitutional lawsuit against President Miloš Zeman. The opposition did not get enough votes, and the draft constitutional lawsuit, which the Senate came up with, was dropped by deputies.
"I get dozens of messages from people I don't know. There's not a single vote in support of this lawsuit. There are messages in support of the president and messages like taxpayers' money is spent here, empty straw is threshed here. And I even dare, I don't use it. hard expressions, one of them quote: It's opposition and senatorial filth, "said the finance minister.
"These terms used the Nazis to be citizens of Jewish origin and the Communists to use their political opponents. It is a totalitarian rhetoric, without a shred of respect for man and opinion," wrote TOP 09 Deputy Prime Minister Czernin, who will fight for the post of party chairman Adamovou.
"I quoted one of the many reports I received dozens of during the House. Their common denominator was the disgust at the constant personal dishonesty we witness daily in domestic politics, which was also the main motive for Thursday's House meeting. applies to itself, it surprises me, "Schillerová responded for ČTK.
Destroyed shops, fires in the streets, a memorial procession accompanied the riots
Five years ago, 43 students at Ayotzinapa University disappeared, and despite an extensive investigation, the case has not yet been resolved. The students were allegedly detained by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not clear exactly what happened next, but according to the investigation, the students apparently ended up in the hands of a local syndicate and were subsequently killed and burned, according to the APTN agency.
A memorial procession took place in the Mexican capital on Thursday, with families wanting to express their frustration that they were still unable to find answers and explain the disappearance of their children.
However, the mostly calm march was disrupted by smaller groups of vandals, who destroyed everything that stood in their way. Vandals destroyed shops and hotels, did not shield themselves or destroy monuments, set fires around the city and smashed windows.
Even before the march, President Andres Manuel López Obrador said that he would do anything to catch him and asked the public for any information that would lead to clarification of the case.
More than 142 people were detained during the investigation, but none of them was convicted. Many of them had to be released because their human rights were violated, investigators allegedly had suspects of torture, the APTN added.
Mahulena Bočanová interrupted the annual detox and is sinning again!
More than a year ago, Mahulena Bočanová confided to Bleska that she had cut with alcohol. "During the holidays, I thought I was going to give my old fifty-year-old body a breath. I took my time forever. I feel terribly rested, I have a lot of energy and, most importantly, my psyche has improved. I haven't been feeling well mentally lately. he gets up, my head doesn't hurt, I have more energy, money. "
One year of abstinence was said to be enough and the actress again found her way to alcohol. "Sometimes I have bubbles or quality wine, but I don't drink what I used to. I'll have one glass and have fun until the morning. I have a bottle of wine in the fridge for maybe a week. I also enjoyed the non-alcoholic beer I can drink at any time," she boasted. Mahulena, who is still a couple with Brno businessman Petr.
Bočanová has also returned to the theatrical season after the holidays and will be re-entering the series Surgery in the Rose Garden. "I'm ashamed of the first two performances, I was really bad, I was arguing. But it's getting better," the actress smiles critically.
Jaromír Soukup spoke about Gott: He mainly wants peace
Moderator and businessman Jaromír Soukup (50) is not afraid of any questions. In his program Call and Write to the Boss, he speaks publicly on various topics. And the tabloid cases, which he glosses with sparkling and humor, are no strangers to him. Although he didn't laugh this time.
Jaromír Soukup commented on the sad report, which is a very serious illness of Karel Gott. He promised the singer one very considerate thing for himself.
"You know, Karel got sick and said it fairly, without the tabloid journalists having to poke it somewhere. I don't want to comment on it, it's a serious illness, we all appreciate Karel Gott immensely. And of course I would like him a successful treatment and especially peace! The peace he needs now, "said TV owner Barrandov.
"I wish the media would let him be. And wait for the news that the Master himself decides to provide to the media. I don't like the different statements that his old acquaintances and various celebrities think about his health. And for I can tell our media that we will only address his illness and his person if he shows an interest in it. In my opinion, a similar approach should be considered by other media. "
Young Czechs think they can do it with money. The survey did not confirm this
"It turns out, therefore, that young Czechs have a slightly greater confidence in their knowledge of finance than reality. In this case, women and respondents without a high school diploma had a significantly higher share of wrong answers," said KRUK director Jaroslava Palendalová.
Men and young high school or university students are more likely to believe in their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs learn the most about the functioning of financial matters from their parents (37 percent), through self-study on the Internet (23 percent) and only in the third row from school teaching (21 percent).
Women mainly consult with their parents about financial issues, while men tend to look for information on the Internet. Obtaining financial information from parents predominates in all age groups of young people, regardless of their educational attainment or personal income. Prospectuses of financial institutions, professional magazines and publications have practically minimal influence.
"Once again, the importance of raising children is shown by their parents, who represent authority in all major areas of life. Therefore, the key level is the financial literacy of parents, who pass on their knowledge and experience to their offspring," said Palendalová.
94 percent of young people prefer savings and investments.
Unequivocally, young people ask whether it is better to save and buy, for example, their own house or apartment, or to enjoy and spend money rather, without savings and their own housing.
94 percent of respondents support the strategy of savings and investments in tangible fixed assets. This applies across all age groups of young people, regardless of their education, social status or current personal income.
The survey strategy is then 100% supported by people in a marriage with two or more children and employees in the public sector. On the other hand, people living alone and with an income of over 30,000 crowns a month want to enjoy themselves.
The hunter was injured when he fell from a sitting position, and was taken to the ambulance for three hours
The unfortunate accident occurred before half past seven in the evening in the top parts near Čertova mlýn.
"It was a very complicated and inaccessible terrain, so we sent five of our rescuers with the appropriate equipment to the injured man. At the same time, we asked the Medical Rescue Service of the Moravian-Silesian Region for cooperation. Beskydy services.
Rescuers found hunters in a selected location with multiple injuries. They treated him immediately and then transported them gently but with difficulty in a so-called Austrian wheelchair over impassable terrain.
"Transport on the route of about one and a half kilometers was slow and difficult. The injured nimrod was therefore handed over to the crew of the ambulance after about three hours," added Libor Kluz.
Fortunately, according to Radan Jaškovský, the commissioned chief of the Beskydy Mountain Service and an intervening rescuer, the hunter's colleague was able to describe in detail where the wounded man was.
"We therefore found him relatively quickly. However, if he had the Rescue application on his phone, our rescuers would have been with him sooner and at the same time the dispatcher of line 155 would know about the accident and his situation immediately," Radan Jaškovský remarked.
He added that a charged mobile phone with the Rescue application activated should be a matter of course in the mountains today.
Zeman Monumentist - A man stretching the constitution calls for law enforcement
Those who move in a camp-divided society and do not want to go completely crazy will welcome a situation where they do not have to support only their own. When he can admit pluses to someone he criticizes otherwise. Just so that he doesn't feel that he or she is orientating himself only according to pre-assigned stickers. Such situations include a list of severely damaged monuments that President Zeman is fencing on his favorite trips to the regions.
Everyone knows what's going on. And those who occasionally travel through the Czech Republic see many of those devastated monuments - from the centers of historic towns to individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches and estates - with their own eyes. Everyone suspects that the word demagoguery can come up here as well. That if we blame the town hall for not taking care of monuments or some horror in the zoning plan, it may be the work of former administrations. Or a privatized building whose owner is not traceable. The head of state local policy calls: "Section of the Monuments Act allows you to fine the owners of buildings who do not care about their property." But even if the owner is untouchable, it must be admitted that the president calls for law enforcement. Which even critics of his bending of the constitution should recognize as a plus.
Of course, Milos Zeman would not be Milos Zeman if he considered all the details and formalities of a complex problem. But he stands for a good cause, similar to squatters, which he does not recognize himself. Two years ago, we wrote: "Despite all the insults, the squatters point out a problem that is outside the current interest. That this or that building is in a state of disrepair." And let's admit that the president does the de facto same thing.
If you come to the historic center of Jáchymov, you will be amazed at how devastated it is - including houses with Renaissance cores. At a time when Jáchymov is celebrating 500 years of silver mining and tolar minting (dollars for Americans). Why? It is said that due to the rapidly fermented sale of houses in the 1990s, local officials say. But why is it that the seven kilometers distant Ostrov, the seat of the Šliks who minted the Jáchymov tolars, has its historical core nicely repaired? It is good for the President to draw attention to these matters.
In the memorial to the victims of terror, Babiš called for security cooperation
On September 27, 2019, Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and his wife Monika visited Ground Zero to commemorate the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
Terrorism is the main enemy that all countries in the world should fight together. At the end of his five-day visit to the United States, the Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš announced this today at the New York Memorial to the Terrorist Attacks of September 11, 2001. On this occasion, the Prime Minister honored the memory of two victims of Czech origin.
"It is a very moving place," the prime minister said, when accompanied by his wife Monika, he placed a white rose next to Lukáš Rambousek and the Czechoslovak emigrant Alena Sešínová. Both were among more than 2,750 dead killed by a hijacked plane attack on a former pair of World Trade Center (WTC) skyscrapers. The WTC towers collapsed after the crash, and in their place is now a memorial with a list of victims.
"It is necessary to remember what happened here, the horror," Babiš said. The Prime Minister identified the attack on the USA on September 11 as the reason why the UN should cooperate in a united campaign against international terrorism. At that time, in addition to destroying the WTC skyscrapers, the terrorists crashed into the building of the Ministry of Defense in Washington and planned another strike on a target in Washington, probably the White House or Congress. However, this plane crashed when passengers confronted the hijackers.
"This is our main enemy, there all the countries of the world should unite and fight international terrorism in a coordinated way," the Czech Prime Minister added.
The Slovenians also defeated the Polish world champions and are in the finals of the European Championships
Slovenian volleyball players will play a sensational title for the European title. With the support of almost 12,000 rioting fans in Ljubljana, the reigning two-time world champions defeated the Poles 3: 1 and are the first finalists.
It will be decided on Friday between France and Serbia who will be challenged at the culmination in Sunday in Paris.
The Slovenian team was much more compact in the semifinals than the Polish world champions. These included only the beginning of the opening set and, fortunately, the ending of the second set, but the home volleyball players outperformed themselves and of the players in the red and white jersey, only a native of Cuba, León, scored.
On the other hand, in the home line-up, both sweepers Čebulj and Urnaut introduced themselves in life form, as well as the second universal Štern, who soon replaced the indistinct Gasparini. The Poles paid for the fact that they had won all previous matches on this Euro sovereignly, while the Slovenes gained confidence after difficult battles in the playoffs with the Bulgarians and the Russians.
With the Poles in August this year, the Slovenes lost in the Olympic qualification in Gdansk 1: 3, but at home they retaliated. But now Stožica will leave the sold-out Ljubljana arena. After today, however, they have a second medal in history, in Paris they can improve the unexpected silver from the European Championships four years ago.
At the previous European Championship, the Slovenians finished eighth, behind the Czech national team.
Technology companies want to rule our cities
Francis Fukuyama's history is somewhat baked. In 1992, at the height of the wave of liberalism that followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political scientist wrote in his most famous book, The End of History and the Last Man: the universal acceptance of Western liberal democracy as the final form of government. "
Twenty-six years later, we are witnessing more illiberal models from the United States to Russia, from Turkey to Poland, and from Hungary to Italy, and various forms of nationalism and radicalism thrive. Fukuyama's current ninth book, Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment, attempts to cope with the rise of these forces. As his interview with George Eaton shows for the New Statesman, he reconsiders many of his former views: he argues that the ideas of socialism should return to public space, and Marx was right in many ways. At the same time, he insists that his mental development is still in line with the position of the 1990s, and that critics have not understood the end of history and the last man correctly.
"What I said then was that one of the problems of modern democracy is that while it provides peace and prosperity, people want more than that ... Liberal democracy does not even try to define what the good life is. It leaves it they do not see the point in individuals who feel alienated and therefore group themselves into identity groups that give them a sense of belonging. "
At the time, the book The End of History and the Last Man was written as a strong argument against Marxists who saw communism as the final stage of history. Asked how he now perceives the rise of the Socialists in Britain and the United States, Fukuyama replies: "It all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we are talking about ownership of the means of production, then except when clear services to the public are in demand, I don't think it will work, but if you mean redistribution programs that are trying to solve the huge income and wealth imbalances we're already witnessing, then yes, I think not only could he come back, he should come back. the period started by President Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher, in which certain types of ideas on the benefits of an unregulated market were discussed, had a catastrophic effect in many ways. "
In the end, Fukuyama is trying to calm the current situation and warns all liberals that even the advent of new, not entirely democratic regimes will not mean the end of history.
Soldiers are practicing, pull the curtains. China is preparing to celebrate the site of the massacre
The military has been rehearsing the parade on recent weekends. Shops in central Beijing had to close and residents near the square were ordered to draw curtains. Military vehicles rolled down the empty streets to the square, and fighter jets circled in the sky.
Several Chinese have told Reuters that they are proud that their country will show its military strength. But one woman said it was hard to deny that the celebrations would upset other states.
Apparently, she came across Taiwan, which China claims and where elections are approaching. But they may also have concerns in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, where thousands of people have repeatedly demonstrated against the administrator appointed by China.
The celebrations are also being prepared outside of Beijing. The South China port of Xiamen showed a special light show on Thursday night. Xiamen is located opposite the island of Taiwan and is one of the ten most innovative Chinese cities.
Before the anniversary, the list of forbidden things grows. Drone, balloons, dragons, alcohol, radios and radio-wave equipment are already on it, The Guardian said. He added that the popular Chinese social network Weibo is erasing "harmful political information".
"This is another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Chinese Communist Party remains (by the oar) despite all predictions," said Maura Cunningham, a historian who deals with China. "This is a time when a party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was established in 1949 when the Communists, led by Mao Zedong, won the battle with Chiang Kai-shek's nationalists, who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960s, China underwent a catastrophic communist experiment in the form of the so-called cultural revolution. In June 1989, the regime in Tiananmen Square massacred thousands of pro-democracy protesters, both students and workers.
Since the late 1970s, China has increasingly taken over elements of the capitalist economy. According to critics, it is now a mixture of the worst of communism (one-party monopoly and persecution of the opposition) and (Dickensian) capitalism (labor exploitation).
Czechs or children are not allowed to enter. The CTIA revealed discrimination in restaurants
These included, for example, incorrect pricing and non-compliance with the principles of fair sales.
In one case of discrimination, restaurants in Prague refuse to let smaller children into the business. According to the CTIA, it writes on its website that the device is not suitable for children under the age of eight. "When asked electronically if it was possible to order a table in the restaurant for four adults and one child aged four, the restaurant employee replied electronically that they did not accept the presence of children under the age of eight in the restaurant," Fröhlich added.
In the second case, another Prague company did not want to let Czech-speaking people to the table, while allowing English-speaking people to do so. "Czech-speaking inspectors, as consumers, were not allowed to sit at a table in the restaurant and place an order. English-speaking consumers were allowed to do so," the CTIA spokesman said.
Both cases are now being resolved in administrative proceedings. As they have not yet been finalized, the spokesman for the inspectorate was unable to provide further information on these restaurants.
However, discrimination occurred in only a very small proportion of restaurants inspected in the second quarter. In total, the CTIA performed 139 inspections. In addition to the two cases mentioned, discrimination revealed other errors in 64 cases. These were mostly shortcomings in compliance with the principles of fair sales and failure to inform the consumer about the prices of products and services in accordance with the regulations.
Already on Wednesday, the inspectorate reported cases of discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreigners were charged higher amounts than Czech-speaking clients. In these cases, final fines of 60,000 crowns have already been imposed.
On holiday only with a credit card? NEO account offers withdrawals from ATMs around the world for free!
According to surveys, about half of all Czechs who go abroad have become accustomed to paying directly with a card. The main reasons include comfort, security, but also the opportunity to use travel insurance, which is often associated with a payment card.
Travelers in almost every corner of the world can appreciate the convenience of paying by card. This is especially true in popular tourist destinations, but today credit cards are accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, for example for work, do not have time to go to exchange offices repeatedly to exchange cash. And even 'holidaymakers' do not want to rely on cash being enough for them. In addition, some foreign currencies do not even have Czech banks or exchange offices. For the NEO account, we therefore solved this so that its users can withdraw cash from all ATMs free of charge, wherever they are, "says Kateřina Petko, Marketing and Communications Director and Spobank CZ Spokeswoman.
In addition, a payment card is a much more reliable way to avoid losing your money than cash. When losing a full wallet, its owner no longer has to wait for the money he carried in it. However, if he loses only his payment card, he can easily block it immediately over the phone or via internet banking. He does not have to suffer any financial loss at all when acting quickly. "In addition to reliable protection, keeping money in a bank account has other advantages. For example, the NEO account has an interest rate of 1.6% per year, which is one of the highest among current and savings accounts. It is set up and managed completely online without having to visit a branch. In addition, the money in the bank account is insured up to 100,000 euros and account maintenance is completely free, "adds Kateřina Petko.
Travel insurance should be a matter of course for anyone planning to go abroad. Thanks to the possibility of arranging it and paying with a card online, this can be done even at the last minute. However, the mere ownership of a payment card often means insurance protection when traveling. "For example, with embossed MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business cards, travel insurance is an integral part of trips abroad to all countries of the world. Holders of these cards can also insure their family with whom they travel. This often eliminates any additional arrangements," adds Kateřina Petko from Expobank CZ. However, it is always advisable to check the scope of the insurance, ie whether it applies to all activities that travelers plan to undertake.
We are looking for motivated immigrants. The head of the children's clinic is building an international team of doctors, we bring their stories
Albanian Ledjona Toni studied medicine in Czech and today few people know that she is a foreigner.
Hundreds of medics from abroad study in the Czech Republic, who could stay and work here. A pediatric clinic in Prague's Motol tried to obtain some of them.
In order for Tara Hussein Tayeb to arrive at the Motol Hospital in Prague around five o'clock in the afternoon, she had to get up a lot. Kurdka, with her hair cut short, flew to the Czech Republic from Suleimania, a city in northeastern Iraq, where she works as a pediatrician in a hospital and still treats small patients in a private practice in the afternoon. In addition, he teaches at the university.
Spilková in steam. In Indianapolis, he is on the verge of advancement after the first round
After the first round of the Tech Championship in Indianapolis, golfer Klára Spilková is on the verge of advancing to the final rounds. On Thursday, she played two birdies, two bogeys at the LPGA series and finished the opening day in pairs. With the result of 72, he is in the divided 69th place, which is the expected cut.
Twenty-four-year-old Spilková returned to the circuit a month ago after a two-month medical break and did not make it to the second half of the tournament in Portland. She rested because of fatigue and exhaustion after her illness.
The first Czech winner of the professional tournament on the European LET series has been a member of the LPGA Tour for the first year and has not been very successful so far. Out of twelve tournaments, she went through the cut three times, the best was the 32nd in Hawaii. He fights to keep the card for the next season.
The tournament in Indianapolis was played best by the Korean Hor Michung. After the first round, he scores -9 and is two shots ahead of the three opponents.
The Prague Stock Exchange grew slightly, with Czech banks, O2 and Avast doing well
The Prague Stock Exchange closed the trading week with a slight increase. The PX Index rose 0.13 percent to 1,038.45 points. It was pulled up by Czech banks, the telecommunications company O2 and the technology company Avast. On the contrary, the Austrian titles and the media company CME did not succeed. This follows from the results of trading on the stock exchange website.
For most of Friday's session, the Prague Stock Exchange traded in slightly positive territory and ended up with a small profit. "However, it lost just over one percent over the whole week (PX index)," said Josef Dudek from Fio banka.
Domestic banks partially corrected the declines from the past few days. Komerční banka improved by 0.82 percent to CZK 803 and Moneta Money Bank by 0.41 percent to CZK 72.80. Shares of Avast appreciated by 0.89 percent to 113 crowns and the operator O2 gained 0.46 percent to 216.50 CZK.
Kofola's securities grew the most, by 1.38 percent to 294 crowns. The tobacco company Philip Morris, whose shares rose in price to CZK 13,640, received less than one percent.
Securities of the energy company ČEZ stagnated at Thursday's value of 520 crowns.
Three stocks were losing money - Erste Bank depreciated 0.87 percent to 779.20 crowns, CME 0.73 percent to 109 crowns and insurance company VIG 0.40 percent to 618 crowns.
The koruna weakened slightly against both major world currencies. It lost four pennies per euro to CZK 25.85 / EUR, and three pennies per dollar to CZK 23.62 / USD. This follows from the data on the Patria Online server.
My heart is like a bell and my lungs are non-smoking. I'll just have a few infusions, Zeman joked
On Tuesday, the head of state underwent a several-hour medical examination at the Central Military Hospital (ÚVN). According to the director of the hospital, Miroslav Zavoral, the doctors did not find any "medical conditions" with the president. The president will celebrate his 75th birthday on Saturday.
Doctors at the president's examination revealed slight signs of dehydration. Its problems with low pressure were caused by insufficient flooding. "To fix the dehydration of the body, I will give myself several infusions that get minerals into my body," Zeman said.
Otherwise, however, according to him, the director of ÚVN stated that "the Czech state has a healthy president". In this connection, the President mentioned that Zavoral received several hate messages due to a medical examination.
According to the president, the doctors examined him closely and did not miss a single place on his body. "So a brief recap: the heart beats like a bell, the lungs are clean like it's not a smoker, the liver works like I'm an abstinent, the kidneys are fine too, and I can go on and on," Zeman said.
The iDNES.cz editorial staff turned to a military hospital to comment on Zeman's statement about their health.
The issue of Zeman's health became a topic especially during last year's presidential election or during some public appearances, during which Zeman has clear problems with walking. According to Prague Castle, the president is having a bad time due to diabetic multifunctional neuropathy. He also has problems with low blood pressure and is harder to hear. He reduced smoking because of his health.
The researchers are looking for toddlers with a congenital defect, the so-called ankle valgus, in their study
Ankle valgosity is a congenital defect that affects five to ten percent of children. It is usually treated with intensive exercise. The researchers are trying to help these children even more, so they have developed special footwear that should significantly speed up the treatment.
"We have two prototype shoes that will be worn by healthy children and children with diagnoses to map the effect in both groups. Participation in the research will have no risks for children and the measurement will be completely painless," explains Marta Gimunová, head of research at the Faculty of Sports Studies. HIM.
Parents of both groups of children can register for the study via the website, where the registration form and all information are available.
Researchers are looking for fifty children with a diagnosis and fifty healthy children. Half of each group will always wear medical footwear and half will not.
"The moment parents should register their child is when they take the first separate steps, such as the furniture they hold on to when trying to walk. Participating in the research involves three measurements within seven months of the child's first steps. , each lasting about 20 minutes, in half of the participants it also includes wearing the tested shoes, "Gimunová points out.
Pike in a pond, or a relatively prosperous open-air museum?
For his optimistic view, Babiš chose statistics such as good security (the Czech Republic is the seventh in the world), a low unemployment rate, and a low state debt. Or a statement that, according to a recent study, our country is the twenty-fourth in terms of quality of life out of 140 countries evaluated.
However, developer Dušan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot presented other, far from "pink" data in a television interview on the occasion of the Summit of Architecture and Development. For example, that the Czech Republic ranks 154th in the world in terms of construction proceedings. It may be that the current economic "boom" will not leave any significant architectural heritage as it did in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only the current legislation, but also the slow, inefficient bureaucracy. This is also documented by comparative studies in which the Czech Republic lags significantly behind the developed countries in the overall quality and performance of public administration.
Our country has simply not yet been able to make good use of the potential of the good economic situation of recent years to invest in the future. It is nice that salaries and pensions are rising, but people with a better standard of living will also want to have a place to live, to travel modernly and quickly, to have quality cultural stalls, to live without an unbearable environmental burden.
But in the capital city of Prague, for example, it has not been possible to complete the internal and external circuit for years or to build a high-speed railway or metro to the airport. And Prague does not even have a modern, architecturally daring national library, concert hall or national gallery. The reason is not only absurd struggles for architectural competitions, zoning plans and building permits, but also a kind of specifically Czech conservatism, which adheres to the motto "every bolder change is for the worse".
And when it seems that something more daring could be done, it will almost certainly be ruined by conservationists or other somewhat wretched associations, or politicians. In the absurd drama around Jan Kaplický's "blob" designed for the new building of the National Library, President Václav Klaus even wanted to attach himself to the excavators.
However, the list does not end with Prague. The Czech Republic is not able to complete its backbone motorway network, nor to start building high-speed train tracks, so Germany eventually decided to run its tracks for super-fast trains from Berlin to Vienna by "detour" through Bavaria. In addition, repairs to the existing infrastructure are often drowned in Schlindrian. Getting from Prague to Brno quickly is a riddle now.
Babiš came into politics with the promise that he would "arrange things". But not much has happened so far when it comes to meaningful investment and speeding up cumbersome bureaucratic procedures. Although an amendment to the Act on Accelerating the Construction of Transport Infrastructure has been in force since 2018, we will have to wait for the wider positive effects of, for example, easier land expropriation. And the new building law, approved by the government, which is supposed to reduce the current average length of construction proceedings from 5.4 years to one year, will, if we are lucky, start to apply from 2021. But many people would probably not bet on it. .
Uncombed wants 45 million from the state
According to Vladimír Řepka, a spokesman for the office, the Ministry of Justice has received six requests in this connection so far and is now analyzing them. The young man was imprisoned for two years for assaulting a woman, but the judiciary eventually acquitted him.
The appeal in the case was not filed by both the Supreme State Attorney Pavel Zeman and the Minister of Justice Marie Benešová.
An attempt to assassinate a hairdresser in Hořice took place in February 2013. The Hradec Králové Public Prosecutor's Office accused him of a then twenty-year-old student at the Nečesaný grammar school. The prosecution claimed that he hit a woman in the head several times with a log and then took over ten thousand crowns from her. Her son found a seriously injured woman, her life was saved by doctors from the Hradec Králové hospital.
Uncombed from the beginning, he denied any guilt. "I am innocent and I swear. I sincerely regret what happened to the victim, but I am not the perpetrator," the young man said earlier in court, who did not deny that it was a fateful day at the hairdresser's. He said he wanted to get a haircut. But he left after the woman told him she was closing. He then reported to the police as a witness.
At first, the hairdresser did not recognize him as the aggressor during the interrogation, but later described Nečesaný as an attacker. According to forensic experts, she suffered from memory loss after the attack.
The Hradec Králové Regional Court gradually handed down five judgments in the case. He first found Nečesaný guilty twice and sentenced him to 16 years in prison, and the High Court of Appeal reduced his sentence to 13 years. Uncombed, he gradually headed for bars twice, but each time he was released after the intervention of the Supreme Court. Following the ordered replacement of the judicial panel, repeated acquittals were finally handed down, the last one being upheld by the High Court in March this year.
However, the chairman of the Board of Appeal, Jiří Lněnička, also stated in the reasoning of his conclusions that this decision was wrong, but given the procedural situation, he allegedly did not have a better option. He said he had rejected the prosecutor's appeal against the acquittal, even though her objections were justified.
"The problem with this case is not that there is a lack of evidence, but its evaluation. We believe that a sufficient amount of evidence has been gathered in the preparatory proceedings, which would be ample enough in other criminal cases to plead guilty," Lněnička stated.
However, Hradec Králové and the Supreme Court looked at the case differently, and their opinion would probably not change the further annulment of the acquittal.
Epilepsy has complicated his love of sports, thanks to the operation he has new hope
For the first time, Honzík's parents noticed that something was wrong with him, in a year and a half. He always stared into space for a few minutes, motionless and unresponsive to anyone. The pediatrician therefore sent him to the pediatric neurology clinic, where the doctors diagnosed him with epilepsy after a series of examinations and immediately gave him medication, which did not work immediately.
It took almost a year for doctors to find the ideal combination of drugs that completely stopped having seizures. At the age of five, doctors stopped his medication, and because the seizures did not return, his parents thought that Honza was healthy and began to lead him more into sports. He rode a bike, skied, played tennis and floorball, and spent his free time playing games with his sister and friends. At the age of eleven, however, he had another seizure and it all started again.
Doctors tried different combinations of drugs again, but this time nothing worked, seizures in the form of absences kept recurring. Since Honza always lost sight of it during the attack, his parents were terrified that he would get it during sports and get injured. Gradually, Honza stopped riding his bike and exchanged downhill skis for cross-country skiing and snowboarding. Although the sport caused him a seizure from time to time, he never gave it up completely. He even fulfilled his dream and finished the Spartan Race, but together with a friend who was always in sight to help him in case of emergency.
When Honza was 15 years old, his parents decided to try to change doctors and turned to experts at the University Hospital in Motol. After a series of examinations, the doctors there decided that Honza was a candidate for surgery to remove a lesion from his brain - a source of epileptic seizures. "I had to have 2 surgeries in a row, first the doctors operated into my brain probes that sensed his activity, then they could remove my bearing. It was a hell of a few weeks for me. I just had to lie down and hardly move, wires stuck out of my head that were connected to a computer, "recalls Honza.
The operation was successful and the doctors removed a relatively large deposit. "The first days after the operation it was very mentally demanding, Honza was apathetic, confused, sad and almost did not speak. Unlike how normally he is alive and communicative, it was a scary change, but fortunately everything returned to normal after a few days," he describes. mother and adds: "A month and a half after the operation he had 1 seizure, but according to doctors it happens. Since then he has been without a seizure for 3 months."
This school year, Honza will be graduating, he enjoys languages ​​in addition to sports, and he has started cooperating with Company E, with which he travels around schools to discuss epilepsy. Honza is not yet fully engaged in sports activities, he is starting to return to sports gradually. "I'm learning how to play sports properly, how to breathe well so that I don't expose my body to sudden stress, which is quite a problem with my competitive nature," explains Honza.
This year, therefore, they will not yet actively participate in the traditional EPPI boating triathlon, where patients with epilepsy and healthy athletes meet and which takes place this weekend on September 28, 2019 at Veselská pískovna. But maybe next year.
XXX Lutz can buy a competitor Kika, the authority allowed. But it has a catch
"The Office for the Protection of Competition has authorized the merger of competitors - XLCEE-Holding GmbH on the one hand, and Kika Nábytek and Lambda Properties Czechia on the other, subject to the fulfillment of structural commitments set in favor of maintaining effective competition," said Martin Švanda, spokesman for the Office.
In addition to the XXX Lutz chain, XLCEE-Holding owns Möbelix stores. If the Kika chain were also absorbed, it would occupy too much of the Czech market for furniture and accessories. Therefore, he has to sell part of the company he is buying.
XLCEE-Holding also buys Kika branches in other countries where the chain operates, ie in Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. There, too, the transaction must be authorized by the antitrust authorities. XXX Lutz announced the purchase of 22 foreign branches of the Kika chain from the Signa holding in May. Signa took over the bankrupt Kika last year for a symbolic price.
The Kika chain entered the Czech market in 2005 and is number two after the Swedish company IKEA. Before it was taken over by the Austrian company Signa, it belonged to the South African company Steinhoff International Holdings from 2013. She faced problems when she discovered discrepancies in her accounting. Kika has nine stores in the Czech Republic.
XXX Lutz has been operating in the Czech Republic since 2010. In addition to IKEA, Sconto, Jysk and Asko-Nábytek and Kika, it is one of the largest furniture retailers on the domestic market. The Möbelix brand has the same owner. Following the acquisition of Kika's foreign branches, XXX Lutz will operate more than 300 department stores in 12 countries. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is 4.4 billion euros (about 114 billion CZK).
The library commemorates the anniversary of the death of Wenceslas IV. exhibition of manuscripts
Six rare historical manuscripts from the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries, ie from the time of the Roman and Czech king Wenceslas IV, can be viewed today and on Saturday in Prague's Klementinum. The National Library released them from its vaults to commemorate this year's 600th anniversary of Wenceslas' death. This morning, librarians and restorers placed rare originals in display cases in the Mirror Chapel. Admission to the exhibition is free, open on both days from 10:00 to 18:00.
An exhibition of documents entitled Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the Royal Office and Library of Wenceslas IV. prepared by the library together with the National Archive. The written legacy from the reign of Wenceslas IV. the National Archive is viewed from the point of view of official documents and the National Library from the point of view of literary works, said its author Jan Vojtíšek.
"Visitors can look forward to, for example, the work on agriculture by Peter de Crescentiis, which is basically a kind of encyclopedia of agriculture, or the breviary, a prayer book of one of the Benedictines of St. George's Monastery in Prague Castle, from the early 15th century," he said. reasons why, according to him, people should look at the exhibition.
The Epistles of Peter of Blois will also be exhibited, where the opening miniature H (enrico) depicts a half-figure of King Henry II of England. The author of the decoration is most likely the Master of Samson's History, who, in addition to two volumes of the Bible of Wenceslas IV. he also participated in the decoration of a number of other manuscripts. Visitors will also see a Latin collection of treatises by John Wycliff from the period around 1411 to 1414.
From the library of Wenceslas IV. Not a single book has been preserved in the Czech lands. According to experts, this library was one of the largest and also the most beautiful book collections in Central Europe at the time, because the young king longed to build a representative library that would be comparable to the book collections of his French relatives. However, the library disappeared soon after Václav's death. Apparently it was stolen or destroyed during the conquest of the castle by the Hussites. But several codes have been saved. Most of them are now owned by the Austrian National Library.
"We have a number of treasures in our collections and I am glad that they are in a condition that allows them to be exhibited and made available to the public so-called live and not only in the form of the Manuscriptorium digital library," said Martin Kocanda, director of the National Library.
On Saturday, the national holiday, an exhibition entitled What Hides Under the Floor, which represents the local archaeological discoveries, will be open free of charge in Klementinum.
Kristýna Plíšková did not make it to the finals, she is still missing the second title
The plush environment in Tashkent testified, in 2016 she won her first tournament at the WTA circuit and this year she was very confident.
After winning with Paolini, Kawa and Kužmová, she fought her way into the top four players.
But the match with Alison Van Uytvanck did not go well for Kristýna. The Belgian woman kept her serve and broke Plíšková's service twice in the first set. In the second set, Van Uytvanck soon took the lead 3: 0 and Kristýna did not succeed in the reversal, even though she finally managed to change one breakball. In the last, she averted one more match, but the other came to an end.
Petra Černocká changed her image and did well! She was rejuvenated in blond hair
The film Saxana Petra Černocká (69) looks absolutely fantastic for her age. Although she will celebrate her life anniversary in November, she never looked like a retiree. And now she helped. She changed her image until her colleagues did not recognize her.
Actress Petra Černocká never looked like a typical grandmother who had her hair woven in gray, wore sedentary things and went out into society sporadically. She has always taken care of herself, and the older she gets, the more she can disengage in looking at her image.
Fortunately, she has not succumbed to the trend of plastic surgery and takes care of her skin with the help of good old indulon. And her anti-wrinkle recipe pays off. But now she had changed her hair color and peeked out completely.
When she came to a social event where celebrities said goodbye to summer, no one could meet Peter. Not only did she have lighter and shorter hair, but she was also dressed in a yellow jacket that brightened her even more.
Ladies should learn from Saxana how not to underestimate the fact that even at the age of seventy they can risk their appearance. And it paid off for Petra, she looks like a maximum of fifty.
Traveler Sigismund or General Boček. The Senate handed out commemorative medals
Ninety-six-year-old Boček, who was a British Air Force fighter during World War II, thanked on behalf of all those awarded for the medals. "The Senate was one of the first not to forget war veterans," he said. "The award I received today also belongs to my friends who are no longer with us," he added.
In his speech, Kubera warned against the division of society. "Let's not forget our roots, which, whether we like it or not, connect and shape us all. It is from these values ​​that our successful present is based," said Kubera.
The awards were cardiologist and the most cited Czech scientist Renata Cífková, long-term rector of Tomas Bata University in Zlín Petr Sáha, geologist, writer and traveler and popularizer of science Václav Cílek, chairman of the Czech Biathlon Association and vice president of the World Biathlon Union Jiří Hamza and František Paštěka. The upper house appreciated his heroism - in January this year, he saved the lives of his neighbor and his two-year-old granddaughter when he pulled them out of a burning car. Former chairmen of the upper chamber Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch also received medals.
Together with Jiří Hanzelka, Zikmund undertook a number of travel expeditions around the world, during which they gathered a number of documentary materials. Fištejn was a commentator and director of Radio Free Europe, and now works with the public media. Steigerwald also works as a playwright and screenwriter, and the musician Kocáb was the head of the parliamentary commission to oversee the deportation of Soviet troops.
The medal was awarded in advance to the astronomer and emeritus head of the UN Office for Space Affairs, Luboš Perek, in July on the occasion of his hundredth birthday. By the end of the year, the Czech award and the first US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and the British philosopher and political scientist Roger Scruton, who, among other things, participated in the activities of the so-called underground university during the communist regime in the former Czechoslovakia, are to receive the same award.
The application will help equip workshops. For points gained by movement
Equip the woodworking workshop of the Hodonín Integrated School with new hand tools. This can now be done by everyone who downloads the EPP Help with movement application to their mobile phones.
"With your movement you collect points, which you then credit to the account of our project. You do not have to be a race runner or cyclist, points are accrued even if you go to walk a dog or shop, go for a walk or walk to work," said Eva Schmidová, school principal. The project was among the most interesting out of the huge number of other applications for the ČEZ Foundation. The application will only be active for one month.
