An unusually open and unique painting by Karel Gott in Olga Špátová's feature documentary film
This unique film from Olga Špátová's workshop will premiere in Czech cinemas next spring.
"In mid-September last year I got a call from Ivanka and Karel Gott, and they approached me to make a documentary about his life again after ten years with Karl. I didn't hesitate for a minute! Filming with a man who lasted more than half a century in the limelight of Czech culture thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and immeasurable diligence, was and is a great honour for me. I accepted the challenge of making a feature-length documentary film about Karel Gott, which brings joy to three generations of listeners with its art, as a commitment to this legendary singer," director Olga Špátová describes her feelings.
Thanks to a quick agreement and agreement, the first shooting day took place on 22 October last year and the last footage with Karel Gott was shot a few days ago. The goal was and is absolutely clear - to capture authentically Karel Gott as a phenomenal singer who gives himself away to his supporters, as a painter but at the same time a loving husband and father of his children. A man who has spent sixty years giving joy to several generations not only in our country, but also in Europe, and indeed all over the world. A man who has written himself into the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The film is not meant to be a showcase of Karel Gott's indisputable fame and success. "Therefore, it is not even possible to compare my previous film, The Gott Phenomenon, to this present one. Everyone's different. At least by filming them in another life stage of Karel Gott, and this will very much manifest itself in his personal, even intimate confession, which he gave us and which confirmed us all in what legend we have the opportunity to work with and spend time that is truly indescribable," adds Olga Špátová.
The creators captured Karel Gott during his performances, in meetings with his fans in our country and in Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, at a cottage in Czech Switzerland, in the village where he spent his childhood, and other places that played an important role in his life. The film will thus be completely authentic and unique thanks to Karel Gott's sincere openness.
"Olga has a great gift for filming with his narrow team so that we often got carried away with a spontaneous atmosphere and naturally let it into our privacy, thanks to which I talked about topics quite intimate. She and her husband, cameraman Jan Malíř, actually became part of our family. Originally, we wanted to release the film in 2019, when I celebrated my jubilee of life. But since I had a beautiful summer with my family, I wanted us to shoot as long as possible. Well, because there were a lot of me everywhere in 2019, my wish was to be released in theaters next spring. This documentary is a thank you to my supporters and all those who supported and accompanied me in my profession," Karel Gott himself says of the film.
Insects are up to 60 times less than 40 years ago
No other animal class is more represented in nature than insects. Beetles, butterflies and other species make up more than half of life on Earth. But there are increasing reports that the insect kingdom is radically shrinking. Another scientific study on the subject came out just this week, and the situation, she says, is even more serious than humanity has ever realized.
The study is based on field research in a tropical forest in Puerto Rico, in which American scientists copied a similar 1976 survey. As they write at the outset of the report, insects are now "ten to 60 times less" in the forest. This is the loss of the entire population, i.e. not the number of species, with research affecting not only insects, but all arthropods. Due to insect extinction, the population of another fauna, which is dependent on insects in the food chain, such as birds, frogs or lizards, is also dwindling.
The authors of the research place their conclusions directly on climate change. The average air temperature in the forest has risen by two degrees Celsius in the last thirty years, and warming has become a driving force behind the collapse of the food chain. According to the author's team, the study shows that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems may be much greater than previously believed.
The report was published on Monday by a large article in the Washington Post, which makes the new findings in the headline as hyper-alarming. "It's one of the most disturbing articles I've ever read," entomologist David Wagner of the University of Connecticut, quoted by the paper as an independent expert, told the paper.
The extinction of insects also affects Europe. "With us, the decline is also order," says Lukáš Čížek of the Institute of Entomology of the Academy of Sciences. According to him, however, in addition to climate change, it is necessary to take into account the transformations of the landscape, which play an essential role in Europe. "We just run for a significantly longer time than in Puerto Rico," Čížek adds, explaining why scientists could measure such a rapid decline in the forest compared to the 1970s.
Czechs in Europe by Ondřej Houska: Should Czechoslovakia reject the Munich Agreement in 1938 and go to war with Germany? Three times NO
The undated picture depicts Adolf Hitler visiting the Czechoslovak border fortifications. The task of the fortress was never to stop the German army, but to slow its advance before the Allies joined.
If, almost exactly 81 years ago, Czechoslovakia rejected the Munich Agreement and subsequently faced a German attack, what would eliminate the most Czechoslovak soldiers from the fight? German tanks, air force, or perhaps artillery? It might well not have been one of these weapons, even though the Germans had overwhelming superiority over the Czechoslovaks. The Czechoslovak army would probably suffer the biggest losses - because of blisters.
Police union chairman Stepanek resigns, wants to live as a free man
The chairman of the Independent Police Union, Milan Štěpánek, has decided to leave office. It was presented on Friday by Czech Radio - Radiožurnál. Stepanek has led the union since 2005. He will be chairman of the union for two more months. He will remain with the police after leaving the head of the union.
"I can confirm that I have handed over my written resignation to the Bureau this week, after which I will serve fully for two more months," Štěpánek told Radiožurnál. "I have made a decision as a free man who does not want to be bound forever to the union. And who wants to live a quieter life," he said, explaining the reasons for leaving.
The Independent Trade Union of the Police of the Czech Republic brings together members and employees of the security forces or employees of the Ministry of the Interior. Among other things, the union participated in police protests against budget cuts or petitions for better conditions for security forces. He also got into a dispute with then-Interior Minister Radek John in 2011, for example, and organised a petition for his resignation. The leadership of the ruling coalition later agreed to John's departure.
Museum in Semily returns to the Velvet Revolution with an exhibition
Imitation of a normalization room with a TV in which footage of the brutal intervention of police officers against students from 17 November 1989 in Prague is running. This, too, is at the museum's new exhibition in Semily, which is dedicated to the Velvet Revolution. "The basis is to present what happened in Semily after the events on Národní třída," said exhibition curator Tomáš Chvátal.
"I would say that the atmosphere was basically the same everywhere with the fact that there was the first demonstration in Semily on 22 November, and then every day gradually packed more people," he said. Among the most active at first was a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěcha, who was the only one from the city and the immediate vicinity to sign Charter 77, and Mr and Mrs. Grandfathers, who were expanding the Several Sentences petition. Quite quickly, according to Chvátal, the Civic Forum was created. "One specificity is that there was a very strong group of local doctors in the Civic Forum," the curator said.
Approximately 50 photographs should draw visitors to the events in the city at the time, the pictures were taken 30 years ago by Karel Bárta. There is also a video of the general strike on 27 November 1989 filmed by František Tomíček, which will be played in a loop throughout the exhibition. He spoke at the demonstration and Ivan Hlas also sang. The Seminole archive also lent a number of preserved banners for the exhibition at the time. "On them were: Let's not get drunk with a bun, From the trough to the trough, We don't want violence," said Chvátal. Some changes in the city were very quick at the time, for example already in December people decided in the all-Silesian vote that the square would be Riegrovo and abolished the previous name of Gottwald's.
The exhibition also captures events before the events of November. "In the first part, we present to the old-timers and students what was before, such late normalization. I think we managed to collect unique documents from Semil, whether they are banners with various communist slogans or a bronze board from the then museum of the workers' movement," said Chvátal. One room is about to give a sense of what it might have looked like in the living room of an ordinary household back then.
The last part of the exhibition is devoted to what was after the Velvet Revolution. It's focused on the first free elections. "We've patched up one of the polling stations. Those who have experienced it will remember over the posters with us to Europe or there Václav Klaus is still under the banner of OF with a beautiful motto Everybody for His Municipality," the curator added.
Let the fans be positive, wishes Hasek. Sparta awaits footy in Pilsen
"We'll play to the limit, we'll do everything we can to succeed. To manage the match both in the game and the result," Spartan Martin Hašek promised in an interview with club television.
In the week, the goal was decided by a cup duel in Jihlava (2-1). Sparta advanced to the next round, which was a duty for her. She was relieved, but the playroom continues to worry.
Although the season is slowly spilling over into the second period, football Sparta is still looking for a face that coach Václav Jílek spoke about early in his involvement.
"But it's still Sparta, which has very good players. We are going to have a difficult match," warns Pilsen's Roman Procházka.
The last time the Spartans arrived in Štrunc's orchards, in mid-May it was a clear-cut affair in the superstructure. The visitors left after a mindless performance with a 0-4 thrashing, the biggest in the history of the independent Czech league.
While the gap between the clubs in the table was eight points before the match, Sparta now loses nine points after 10 games of the new season. He is experiencing one of the worst entries into the season ever.
"It's not an easy situation for us or for the fans who would like to see their beloved club completely different from what it is at the moment," says Hasek. "But we'd like them to continue to support us, stay positive and stand behind us."
Sparta does not know if he will be able to use Tetteh in Pilsen, who received a two-match penalty for being expelled in Pilsen but appealed against him on Friday.
Costa, Dockal, Drchal, Panák, Pulk, Zahustel, Krejčí and Kadlec remain in the numerous infirmary, remembering the last Spartan victory in Pilsen in 2011.
The home side, who have won their last five games, including Wednesday's Cup in Hlučín, should only miss midfielder Cermak. And as captain, they should be led into the match by defender Jakub Brabec, a Spartan outfielder.
Download Free Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on PC, you have until Thursday
The link to both games is on the Epic Store here. You can include games in your library directly via the web, but you need to download the Epic Games Launcher client to play. You have until October 3rd.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original 2010 game, adding graphic and gameplay changes from the Last Light sequel.
The story, based on Dmitry Glukhovsky's book of the same name, takes place in 2033 in Russia after a nuclear war. The Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Humanity had to go underground, in our case to the extensive complexes of the Moscow Metro.
"Take the post-apocalyptic world and the oppressive atmosphere from unfamiliar surroundings, take away the vastness of the world and add a lot of spectacular scripts and action passages and tradá: Metro 2033 is in the world," we wrote on Bonusweb in a period review.
Everything, on the other hand, is a relaxation play-negame in a procedurally generated world that carries the message of the English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. A player can become anything, from animals to trees to planet.
To view the video, you need JavaScript support enabled.
"The terrifying result of the study." Islam does not belong to the West, overwhelming majority of Austrians think
1,200 respondents were questioned, the survey shows considerable distrust of Islam in Austrian society.
Nearly 60 percent of Austria's population fear that some Muslims are terrorists, and 48 percent would demand a ban on the construction of mosques. For greater monitoring of the centers of Islam, 80 percent are polled.
Most Austrians also want Muslims to be restricted in their religious practices, arguing that they sometimes feel like foreigners in their own country because of the presence of Muslims.
"The result of the study is frightening," says study author Wolfgang Aschauer, adding: "Such a propensity for ethnocentrism could eventually lead to the adoption of discriminatory attitudes. There is a risk that religious freedoms, granted to Muslims, will narrow."
For believers, the critical attitude is less pronounced. Aschauer argues that in Austria it is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. Dialogue and education could help blunt polarization, according to the sociologist.
The most hostile attitudes towards Muslims, according to the study, are held by voters of the extreme right, people without a university education, or seniors over the age of 75. The Greens, on the other hand, are the voters of the Greens, people under the age of 30, and college students.
According to estimates by the Austrian Interior Ministry, there are approximately 700,000 Muslims in Austria, which has a population of some 8.7 million. The vast majority have Turkish roots. There are more than 400 Muslim prayers and mosques in the country, and Islam has been officially recognized as a religion since 1912.
Thomas Cook: The Czechs were kicked out of a hotel in Mallorca. Guarantees weren't enough
The insolvency petition was also filed in the week by the Austrian, German and Polish divisions of the group. The future of the Czech branch is being discussed in the present day, a decision should be made by the end of September.
According to the vice-president of the Association of Travel Agencies of the Czech Republic, Jan Papež, there are three options for possible solutions in play - liquidation will be announced, or the company will be sold, or a team from the Czech branch will establish a new travel agency. "Which one of them will be, but it cannot be predicted, it will be up to the German owner," he told the Czech News Agency today.
In addition to two prematurely terminated tours, the TA is also dealing with cases where clients have had to pay for their stay out of their own, although the company is trying to provide guarantees to hoteliers. CK has promised its clients to pay the payments, according to the Pope, the company has sufficient collateral to do so.
Problems in hotels arose mainly in Mallorca, where the company also asked for help from the Czech consulate. In this context, the Pope described to the Czech News Agency one of the cases in which the hotel dumped all tourists' offices. "Hotelier could not determine who belonged under German and who belonged under Czech society. He therefore threw everyone out of the hotel despite the fact that the domestic Neckermann provided guarantees," he said. According to Šrámek, the situation was eventually resolved.
The Czech branch of the bankrupt British group Thomas Cook increased its revenues to CZK 995 million last year, up by almost 21 percent year-on-year, according to the company's annual report. It covers the accounting period from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. The company's net profit, on the other hand, decreased by about seven million to CZK 15.3 million. From previous years, however, the company remained an unpaid loss of almost CZK 103 million. The branch includes two core divisions - alongside CK Neckermann, it is also Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump considers lifting US stock registration
US President Donald Trump's administration is considering revoking Chinese firms' permission to trade in stock markets in the United States. An informed source told Reuters today. Such a move would be a radical escalation of trade tensions between the US and China. Shares of the affected firms on the New York Stock Exchange immediately headed down after the news, dragging the entire market with them.
Withdrawing stocks would be part of a broader effort to curb US investment in China, the source added. He confirmed a Bloomberg report that had caused shock in financial markets shortly before. Shares in Chinese firms Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI were down from two to four percent.
According to government data from February, shares of 156 Chinese firms are trading on the Nasdaq and NYSE exchanges. There are also at least 11 state-owned enterprises.
Bloomberg pointed out that a precise mechanism had not yet been developed to secure the withdrawal of shares of Chinese firms from US stock exchanges. Any plan would have to be approved by Trump, who gave the green light to negotiations on the matter.
China and the US have been fighting a trade war with each other for more than a year, imposing tariffs on each other. The dispute between the two countries has had negative effects on the world economy and is raising concerns about the global economy's recession. With customs duties, Washington is trying to get Beijing to change trade practices and reduce China's surplus in trade with the US.
According to CNBC, trade negotiations between the US and China should resume on 10 October. His goal is to end the trade war.
Police charge CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangrác over promotion contracts
Police have charged the former manager of the state agency CzechTourism, Aleš Pangrác, over publicity contracts. Pangrác confirmed to news server SeznamReports that he took over the allegations this week. Czech Television (ČT) reported last year that police officers are examining contracts worth CZK 38 million in the case. Some of the money was returning to Pangrác, according to police, the server reports. In the case, criminologists were also interested in the Minister for Regional Development, Klára Dostálová (for ANO), in whose ministry CzechTourism falls. The investigation into the case continues, according to the server.
Detectives from the National Organized Crime Center secured evidence in the case in the second half of last November. They were, for example, at the headquarters of the Ministry of Regional Development, at the headquarters of CzechTourism, at the autodrome in Most or at the agency Sport Invest. The service computer was also taken from the minister's apartment. The court order for a search at Dostálová, which was previously quoted by TIME, said that the minister ruled in 2016, when she was deputy, on the expenses of CzechTourism in favour of the chosen persons indirectly and outside standard official procedure. Dostál said at the time that she felt absolutely innocent, did not err, can document everything and fully cooperate with the police.
According to the agency, it was an individual misconduct. The media had previously reported that he was the former director of the regional partnership department in CzechTourism, Aleš Pangrác, who was dismissed due to audit results. This showed that the CzechTourism agency concluded 48 problematic contracts.
"Yes, I was accused. But that's all I want to comment on," Pangrác told the News List.
Vandal vandalized cemetery in Dobruška
According to the announcement received by the police, the vandalism in the dispersal meadow inside the Dobrušské cemetery was supposed to take place on Wednesday between 1 and 5 p.m.
"The material damage was valued at CZK 60,000. Officers are asking any witnesses to the event to disclose their findings in person at the service or by phone on the toll-free line 158," police spokesperson Lucie Konečná said.
Criminals are investigating the case as criminal damage and disorderly conduct, punishable by up to a three-year prison sentence.
From a religious school in Nigeria freed hundreds of enslaved children
According to the BBC, there were nearly five hundred men and boys, Reuters reported, citing the police commissioner, that there were over three hundred children from five years up. Some were chained together, others were tied to the iron circles in the wall.
The head of police in Kaduna, Ali Janga, told the BBC that the raid at the school was carried out on the basis of a tip-off. He called the school a house of horrors. Starving people there were held forcibly, tortured and sexually abused. They couldn't leave, there was razor wire over the walls. According to him, it's a case of slavery.
Several people were detained during the raid, according to police spokesman Jakubu Sabo, they were teachers there.
The children told the police that they had been taken to school by their parents or relatives, saying it was a religious school. "We have identified two children who come from Burkina Faso, but most of them were brought here by parents from Nigerian states in the north," Sabo spokesman said of the identity of the victims. Nigerian states in the north of the country are predominantly Muslim.
Imam Ahmad bin Hanbala's school posed as a religious school focused on the study of the Koran.
The liberation was taken to the stadium, where they are provided with help and food. Some have met relatives before.
The French chef is suing Michelin over the removal of the star. I suffer from depression, he claims
Famed French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star in January this year, a year after winning it. He intends to sue the publisher of the red guide to receive the exact reasons for the degradation. Veyrat also doubts the competences of Michelin-starred inspectors, who he believes mistook saffron for cheddar. The first trial is scheduled to take place in November.
The chef of the famous La Maison de Bois restaurant in the Upper Savoy region of the Alpine region lost one of three Michelin stars in January this year. He will sue the publisher of the prestigious guide Le Guide Michelin, because he said the commissioners' conclusion was not properly justified. In addition, the removal of the star, according to him, took place without any notice. "I've been depressed for six months. How dare you mess with the health of cooks?" Veyrat told the commissioners.
Michelin is said to have provided the chef with vague reasons, such as the chef putting cheddar in soufflé, which the inspection did not like. "I put saffron in it, and the gentlemen thought it was cheddar because it was yellow. From the beginning I love working with savoy ingredients," he objected to Veyrat's decision. He is convinced of the strong incompetence of Michelin commissioners: "You are fraudsters who only cause controversy for commercial reasons." The outraged Veyrat doesn't understand "how could they afford to say we put cheddar in our soufflé." "They offended our region, too, my employees were crazy about it. We have eggs from our hens, milk from our own cows, gardeners collect fresh herbs every morning," he said.
The distinctive chef, always wearing a black hat on his head and dark glasses, is an opponent of the new generation of Michelin commissioners, and therefore calls for his restaurant to be removed from the red guide. But the publisher refuses. "If the business remains open and our inspectors re-select it, we will continue to recommend it," says Gwendal Poullennec, Michelin's international director.
According to Michelin, the chef's lawsuit suggests that he has no meaningful accusation yet, and the lawyer is yet to help him formulate it. "We regret that Mr. Veyrat communicates with us rudely. But we will examine his comments carefully," he said.
In addition to La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart owns two other three-star restaurants.
Technically perfect confusion with a weak script. Gemini with Will Smith did not modify criticism
The dystopian sci-fi spectacle Gemini Man boasts an interesting premise - Will Smith will build his younger version in the film. But critics say the story is the weakest part of the film. The film will be released in Czech cinemas on 10 October.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is the absolute top in his field. It kills effectively and without unnecessary questions. One day, however, he decides to hang up his career. Of course, that doesn't sit well with his employers, who send another assassin to Henry. The catch is that the killer is Henry himself, or rather his younger clone made of DNA. Can one determined man win a fight over himself? This time literally.
A guarantee of quality was to be three-time Oscar winner Ang Lee. It is his first science fiction, but he has a wealth of experience with dramatic action films, as he demonstrated, for example, in the aforementioned Tiger and the Dragon or the western Ride with the Devil. Six writers collaborated on the script. The most famous is certainly David Benioff, one of the creators of the highly successful Game of Thrones. But according to early feedback, even this wasn't enough for a good movie.
"Even though Ang Lee is trying to do great things in technical filmmaking, the film itself doesn't have enough character to highlight it," thinks Fionnuala Hannigan of Screen Daily.
"This unsatisfactory film is less than the sum of all the talents involved. Only the technological magic of filmmakers holds together a weak script and plot," Stephen Dalton of The Hollywood Reporter summarized his opinion.
"The wicket is a case in which a huge amount of work has resulted in an impossibly unseasonable action film," says Variety reviewer Peter Deburge.
"A confused product with a bizarre idea," Ella Kempová from the IndieWire website summarized the film in her review.
"It's hard to care that one man is a doppelganger to another when neither acts like a person," wrote Nicholas Barber of The Wrap.
Overview of bank accounts for children on the Czech market
The bank's children's accounts are provided free of charge. But the offer needs to be considered because some other services to the accounts are already charged. "The motivation of banks to offer accounts for children whose basic management tends to be free is straightforward. Financial houses are counting on their waived fees to be refunded someday. With the small migration of Czechs between banks, he is probably not wrong," says Kristýna Kuncová from dTest.
"Small accounts," she says, can do almost anything that accounts for adults can do. The child gets his or her own payment card, can enter payments, track account movements, has his own electronic banking at his disposal somewhere. Banks set up the account, but it is up to the parents to teach the children how to use them and also check their payment.
"Quite flexibly, a parent can set weekly or monthly limits, turn on and off individual services, and the like. Above all, however, he can monitor what is happening in the account, whether by looking over the internet or thanks to an information SMS. Careful, they may not be free anymore," Kuncová adds, adding: "If a parent is considering an account for their child, they should consider their skills and options."
Strict but fair, we enjoy the clock! That's how Benešov grammar schools see their favourite teacher writer
Humanism should be present in every good book, believes Pavel Hoza. The high school teacher of Czech and history is also a poet, novelist and awakener of literary life in a small town.
Above the lyrics of Pavel Hoza, Bohuslav Reynek comes to mind. His poetry, his paintings. Bare trees, white country buildings, quivering grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old ways and people who have been after them for centuries. Grieving, kneeling, blessing. This Reynek's contemporary successor teaches Czech, literature and history at the gymnasium in Benešov, runs the equivalent of Prague's Viola in the local Café for a word and holds the Benešov Literary Festival every year.
Wife swap: Ondra's parents cruelly abused! He ended up in an institution
It was nerve-wracking. The allegedly troubled son Andrew (9) was severely punished by his father at any moment. "He came home from school and lied to his snack. Lukas looked at me and said he would kneel as punishment," Lucie described in the Exchange. Dad Lukas forced little Ondra to kneel in the corner for several hours! Besides the cameras, he said he had to suffer like this on a wooden mat for a foot massage! "Ondrej came to me after filming and told me - Auntie, I'm making those troubles and notes just so I wouldn't be here because I want to go to an institution," Lucie said, describing the moment when she fully understood what was going on behind the studio door. And the boy's wish came true in the end...
His condition was so serious that he was taken from the family after filming and placed in the Centre of Educational Care in České Budějovice for a month. He briefly returned to his father and surrogate mother Aneta (28), but then went to a diagnostic institution for troubled children. "When I got home, Aneta immediately added me to Facebook, we texted each other for a while. She was most interested in whether we got the money. I hardly reacted to that at all. But then she texted me that the little one was in the institution, that afterwards it was returned to them, now it's in the diagnosis. They are both out of work," says mother Lucie from Pilsen.
Lightning, of course, addressed the other side, but received only a vague answer. "I'm not in the mood, I'm sick, call later," Aneta said, holding up the phone.
Sparta does not want to lose Tetteh in Pilsen. She appealed against a two-match penalty
Soccer Sparta appealed a two-match penalty for striker Benjamin Tetteh, who received the player from the disciplinary committee for being suspended in Sunday's derby with Slavia (0-3).
The Letenský klub posted about it on its Twitter and is now awaiting the verdict of the Appeals Board.
Tetteh had already served half of his penalty in Wednesday's home cup match in Jihlava. Sparta is now aiming for the 22-year-old Ghanaian striker to be able to start in Sunday's 11th round of the first league in Pilsen.
The situation last October could be repeated. At the time, Olomouc appealed the penalty for Shimon Falta, who on Thursday received a one-game suspension from the Disciplinary Board for expulsion against Liberec.
The Board of Appeal failed to discuss the case, so it postponed the sentence and Falta was able to start on Saturday, ironically against Sparta.
The Commission finally confirmed a one-game penalty for the Olomouc midfielder in the next week and Falta missed the following duel with Zlín.
Disciplinary Tetteh stopped his activities for a foul on famer David Hovorka, for whom he received a straight red card from referee Miroslav Zelinka in the 82nd minute.
The alleged spit of a Ghanaian player on the captain of the opponent, Tomáš Soucek, has not been proven.
Germans elect Keller to lead football union
As expected, the new chairman of the German Football Association was the previous head of Bundesliga, Freiburg Fritz Keller. The 25-year-old winemaker, gastronomist and hotelier was elected unanimously for three years, not having an opponent.
Keller replaced Reinhard Grindel, who resigned in April over an unacknowledged income affair. His other predecessors, Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach, will go on trial for possible bribery in awarding the 2006 World Cup.
Keller said one of the main goals would be to restore the union's trust and take it out of the crisis. "It won't be a One Man Show, many people will be held responsible. The union is better than its reputation," said Keller, who presented all his tasks under the slogan: Together we can do it.
After being elected head of the union, Keller left the post at Freiburg.
There was a fire underground CSA mine in Karviná, no one was injured
There was a fire in the underground of the CSA mine in Karviná this morning. The cause of the fire is not yet known. However, no one was injured in it, a spokesperson for the mining company Ivo Čelechovský told the Czech News Agency.
The fire broke out at 04:25 in a breach at a depth of about 1,200 meters. "None of the employees were hurt, no one was injured. Banana rescuers immediately attended the scene and eliminated the fire by direct intervention and carried out an examination of the terrain. The workplace was immediately closed and inaccessible," the spokesman said. The exact cause of the fire will now be determined by a special commission.
In the former Ostrava-Karviná district, coal is already mined only in the Karviná part, in the mines of ČSA, Lazy, Darkov, ČSM-Sever and ČSM-South. In Dole Lazy, mining should end later this year, a gradual downturn awaits other mines. The mining company OKD is the only producer of hard coal in the Czech Republic, with last year's production of 4.62 million tonnes. There are 9,000 people working in the mines.
Berlin is responding to public pressure and dealing with the housing crisis. He buys 6,000 apartments from a private company
Berlin will buy from private Luxembourg firm ADO Properties SA for €920 million ($23.8 billion) 6,000 former social housing sold by the city 15 years ago. It responds to public pressure, which is rebelling against skyrocketing rental prices. According to Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher for the Left Party (Die Linke), this is the largest such buyout in the history of Germany's capital. The opposition criticizes the move.
"The intention is to maintain stable rents in Berlin and give tenants certainty," Berlin Mayor Michael Müller (SPD) said in a statement. "At the same time, we will continue to build new flats and legally treat the rent freeze," he added. The municipal firm Gewobag, with thousands of apartments located in the Spandau and Reinickendorf districts in the western part of the city, will take over this December.
According to Jefferies analyst Thomas Rothäuser, the city bought too expensive. He told Bloomberg Rothäusler that, according to his estimate, the housing units had overpaid by about ten percent above their book value.
According to the German opposition party, the Liberals (FDP) Berlin authorities are contributing to real estate speculation. The FDP said in a Twitter post on Friday. The move was described as a "waste of money" by the Alternative for Germany (AfD) protest party.
Already in mid-July, Gewobag reclaimed 670 flats in Berlin's Karl-Marx-Allee street, Der Spiegel recalled on its website. The award was not disclosed by the council at the time. The dispute over apartments on the former exhibition avenue from the time of the GDR was accompanied by protests and filled the front pages of the German press. It became a symbol of the plight of tenants in major German cities, the paper wrote.
Meanwhile, the German metropolis used to be famous for its low cost of living and low rents. In recent years, however, it has gained in attractiveness. According to AFP, rental prices have doubled over the past decade, making it difficult for some residents to find affordable housing.
Nokia is suing the Brno company over the name Lokia. People don't mistake us, the Moravians believe
Nokia filed objections to the Lokia brand application to the Industrial Property Office. According to CCV, however, substitution of products is not likely.
The Brno-based software development firm CCV is facing legal action from Finnish telecommunications equipment manufacturer Nokia. The Finns do not like the fact that the Brno warehouse management company's program is called Lokia WMS, wrote E15. Nokia therefore filed objections to the Lokia brand application to the Industrial Property Office. CCV considers that confusion is unlikely.
Marketing director Petr Ondrášek said that the program has already been used by two dozen customers, it has been on the market since last September.
"The Nokia brand enjoys recognition and trust around the world. When someone tries to register a stamp that we believe may lead to a substitution or weakening of our brand, we take steps to protect our valuable asset," said Nokia spokesman Mark Durrant.
Brno developers say they did not think about the brand famous in the past with mobile phones when creating a warehouse program. The designation Lokia by CCV is based on the Latin name for one type of dragonfly, whose rapid movement is supposed to be an analogy of the movement of storekeepers around the warehouse.
"On the Czech market, the possibility of confusion is unlikely. We sell modern cloud software that companies equip their warehouse operations with, and we really don't go into mobile phone manufacturing. And we don't want a comparison to a brandy that may be missing a train in his field," CCV manager Tomáš Kormaňák responded at E15.
CCV applied for brand protection in August before the programme was launched at the Industrial Property Office. "She applied for protection for products and services belonging to Classes 9, 35 and 42 because the software belongs to Class 9, the related business management services in the warehouse belong to Class 35 and the development of computer software belongs to Class 42 according to the international classification," Ondrášek said.
Nokia's objection is based on the fact that the earlier Nokia mark is valid in all classes of goods and services, thus covering the widest possible range of goods and services and therefore, of course, overlaps also in Classes 9, 35 and 42. "CCV does not dispute the claimant's claim when it comes to compliance with these classes of products and services. Realistically, however, these are completely different brands focused on other target groups," Ondrášek said.
The brand dispute can take months, according to E15, and it can complicate the company's activities.
Sydney to London in four hours? In 2030, perhaps reality
Sabre combines a classic aircraft engine with a rocket one. It is designed to power the aircraft at twice the speed of the Concorde. "When the Sabre engine is put into operation, it could allow us to reach Australia in about four hours," said Turnock. And the distance between London and New York, for example, could travel the plane in one hour.
The Independent notes that so-called hypersonic flights, which are five times the speed of sound, are complicated due to the engine overheating. But this problem should be dealt with by Sabre (Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) by using super cold helium to prevent temperatures from rising.
"The most important thing about Sabre is that it is a hybrid of a rocket and aircraft engine that is powered by a jet of exhaust fumes generated from the air," says Shaun Driscoll of Reaction Engines. "The rockets haven't gone through as much development in the last 70 years, while the planes have. So if you combine the engines, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and basically create a space aircraft," he said.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights expected to begin around the middle of next year. Commercial flights then around 2030.
Kovosvit sells an administrative building and other halls. Expects worse times
Due to the restructuring, Kovosvit ended last year with a consolidated loss of 100 million crowns, the consolidated turnover was 1.3 billion. Last year's main problems include Chef's shortage of workers and subcontractors shifts. This year, demand for machine tools has fallen, by 10 to 20 percent year-on-year. "This is related to the expected decrease in turnover by the order of ten percent," said the CEO. In 2017, Kovosvit had sales of 1.3 billion crowns and profit after tax of 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit is now offering for sale several properties, halls and land that he either does not use or minimally. This also applies to the administration building, where it uses two from five floors, and not yet entirely. "Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to slim down Kovosvit, streamline its activities. The sale of assets is not part of some current solution, whether it's cash-flow, for example, but part of a long-term plan where we want to devote all resources to investment development," the CEO said.
About half of Kovosvit's production is exported. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, Asia to a lesser extent last year. This year, Kuchař ranks among the most interesting India, where Kovosvit won a contract for machines allowing five-axis machining worth 100 million crowns. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines worth CZK 30 million to China. "Another contract is negotiated in the same volume that we would like to fulfill before the end of the year," said Kuchař. In the Russian market and elsewhere, Kovosvit is facing restrictions due to sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centers to France, a company that is a subcontractor to Airbus. It delivered another machine to it in May this year, with one more to deliver at the end of the year or early 2020.
This year's main corporate investment was the transition of heating from steam to hot-water for CZK 20 million. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average worker's wage is CZK 28,500. The company is looking for casters for a foundry, machinist, lathe and electrician.
The company has been owned since September 2016 by industrialist and armourer Jaroslav Strnad. The business has a tradition in the production of machine tools. It was founded in 1939 by Tomáš Baťa. The company had up to three thousand employees in its time.
Milan Jakubů: The funeral was stolen by the army for itself! Says Andor Shandor
There is still confusion around the funeral of Brigadier General Milan Jakubů. The media speculated in the week that the army had planned a final farewell to the deputy director of Military Intelligence, despite the family's wishes as bombastic as the soldiers could. There were also discrepancies over the date of the funeral. Defense Ministry spokesman Jan Pejšek denied this.
"It's nonsense! My family and I have been in contact from the beginning, the agreed Friday's funeral date has been in place from the start, no one changed it. Just as military honors apply. We will just still deal with the possible participation of the media with regard to the family," Pejšek told Lightning on Wednesday. The funeral will eventually take place really on Friday and will not lack all military honours, including fighter flight.
Around the final farewell to the popular general, however, there is still a tense atmosphere. The mourning ceremony will not be attended by people who have worked with the general in the past by decision of the organizers!
These include former military intelligence chief Andor Shandor (62), who met Milan Jakubů 17 years ago. Shandor remembers his former colleague as a hardworking, intelligent and "good guy."
In addition, he has regularly met him in recent years to celebrate the anniversary of the founding of Military Intelligence. That is why he would like to say goodbye to Milan Jakubů. "I personally would go to Milan Jakub's funeral," said Lightning Shandor. But he can't.
"I know of other people in the organization who would like to go, but they're out of luck because the potentates usurp the funeral for themselves. I think that privatizing a funeral in this way is not the right thing to do," the security expert said. Nor does he play at the allegedly contemplated closing of the ceremony to the public due to the secrecy of army leaders.
"The leadership of the army is not kept secret and the leaders of military intelligence are not either, because they need to be promoted at Prague Castle, we see them there. If the media information is true and the family has actually been left behind by the military, it is, of course, a matter for the family. Personally, I would never allow the army to overwhelm the family and its wishes," Shandor concluded.
Milan Jakubů died on Saturday near Spindleruv Mlyn in a car accident. The head-on collision between Milan's Rapid and the Ford Mustang was allegedly caused by the driver of the sports car, Vojtěch Ch. (31).
The amateur racer on the bend should have entered the opposite direction, Milan Jakubů apparently had no chance to prevent the collision. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the accident and it is possible that she will suffer the consequences for the rest of her life. Police interviewed the culprit in the accident on Thursday.
Comment by Jan Šindelář: Running tracks as a company
The heavenly election, though apparently not entirely smooth, is the culmination of a sad story about the state's inability to give the railways a clear direction. The board has been incomplete for over a year, and even after Wednesday night, that doesn't change because one of the members has resigned. The makeshift lasts.
The selection process itself was a farce from the outset, if only because the requirements for candidates were significantly alleviated, especially in the area of practice. Compared to last year's selection, the company size requirements in which the candidate was supposed to be active in the past have been diminished. First, the members of the selection committee and then the supervisory board played only the role of pimprlat.
Heavenly presented perhaps the weakest professional biography of the five finalists, yet without the experience of a large company he rubbed experienced fighters from the management of logistics giants and transport businesses. It was the participation of interesting managers from the private sector that was perhaps the lightest aspect (and the greatest hope) of the process. Today, those concerned know that they have only played the role of narrative backdrop in the political game.
Maybe Heaven will surprise, show great talent, and eventually turn out to be the best track boss of all time. At least in the beginning, however, it will be accompanied by the aftertaste of a political tobacconist. Czech Railways does not expect an easy period, they have to cope with competition in market liberalization and lack of employees in operation. Drivers, shovelers and mechanics are missing. What incentive should they have for further work and respect for management when the state behaves like an elephant in a porcelain factory in the top management?
The second important group is creditors. How they interpret the play at the top of the tracks, we'll see next spring when the tracks defend the rating. What is certain is that creditors perceive instability. Sadly, someone else goes to the Moody's agency for Czech Railways to defend the rating every year. The agency did not miss frequent changes in railway management and political influence on the company, it criticized them already this summer.
The ANO movement coins, among other things, the slogan that the state needs to be run as a company. For starters, it would be enough for one large state-owned company to run as a company and not as a state. Czech Railways is still one of the largest companies in the country and it would be good if they were led by the best. They reported, but the state despised them. It can certainly be argued that the post at the head of the railways has always been a political matter. But then we can forgive the antics of the selection process.
The pair wrapped tape on the bitch and drowned in the river, the sack was found by children
The case took place at the end of July in the village around Valašské Klobouk. A 27-year-old woman brought home a donated dog between one and two years old, which she wanted to take care of. Her ten-year-old partner, however, didn't like being a bitch, so he decided to get rid of her.
"He wrapped the animal with duct tape and rope and greatly eliminated his vocal expression. He put the dog in a jute bag, which he bound. Then the animal was taken together to the river, where it was thrown in a sack. The moment the dog was thrown into the water, the dog was demonstrably alive," said Zlín police spokesperson Monika Kozumplíková.
The following day, children who were playing by the river found a jute bag on the bank. When they opened it, they discovered the body of a dead dog inside. So they called out to the woman passing by and ran away. The woman reported the incident to 911.
"Police officers, thanks to the knowledge of the townspeople, found out who was probably the perpetrator of this incredible act. And they weren't wrong. Both the man and the woman confessed to the crime and described how the event took place," the police spokesperson said.
Expert comments from the field of veterinary medicine confirmed that the dog died in a decidedly harrowing manner as a result of suffocation, when the animal suffered in a matter of minutes before death.
"The actions of the perpetrators undoubtedly point to a clear intention to get rid of the animal at all costs in this reprehensible way, even if they could donate or sell the dog. The commissioner of the criminal police from Zlín accused the couple of committing the crime of animal cruelty committed in complicity. Both hitherto non-punished charges could spend up to three years behind bars if convicted," Kozumplíková said.
Thank you for the dance! Singer Leonard Cohen's last album comes out posthumously
The album Thank You for Dance will include unreleased material and various musical collaborations put together by the singer's son. The album will be released on November 22.
In October 2016, You Want it Darker was released, on which Cohen collaborated with his son Adam. He asked him to help him finish the songs. On the intimate recording, Cohen symbolically comes to terms with the impending death. He died a month after the album was released at the age of 82.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen began working on the materials his father had left. He invited a number of musicians to collaborate - randomly Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mas or singer Beck.
"When we invented music for my father's words, we used his own distinctive musical techniques. So he's still with us," Adam Cohen told the album. "What amazes me most about him is the reactions of those who have heard him before. One by one, they say Leonard is still alive," he added.
The album's first swallow is the short song The Goal. "I'm almost alive, I'm almost home," Cohen sings in his distinctive honey voice. He sang about death, suspected he would not live to see the release of the new material. He also admitted it in an interview with The New Yorker magazine a month before he died. "I'm ready to die. I hope it won't be too unpleasant,' he said.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen released a collection of poetry from his father called The Flame. It will be published in Czech under the name Flame on 31 December from Argo publishing house.
First Miss Christ finally went into herself: She lost a few pounds and saw right through
The first modern miss from 1989 Ivana Christová (49) had overweight problems for years, which caused her not only physical problems, but especially mental ones. She suffered because she had changed a lot since Miss Czechoslovakia. But now it looks like she took the rebukes to heart and went into battle with the excess pounds. Even if it's a long shot.
She used to be a first-class beauty who also conquered Paris. But thirty years have passed since then, and Ivana Christová can only remember the beauty pageant. Not just for fame, but because of how thin she was.
Over time, she decided not to comply with the strict modeling rules that instructed her to be as slimmest as possible and often not eat. She decided to stop listening and started indulging in what she wanted.
But she went from hunger strikes to overeating, which immediately affected her figure. Kila also tried to disguise herself with various loose clothes, which, however, added to the size of the plump shapes.
Now it looks like Ivana really went into herself. Visibly losing weight, she began to dress tastefully and appropriately for her fuller figure.
She surprised everyone present at the christening of Milos Zapletal's book (75) that she saw through again and already has back the features of the glamorous brunette who entered history in 1989 not only as the first Miss winner after the revolution, but also by the controversy her victory has caused.
Christová will forever be the first beauty winner, but also the very first one, to which the audience at the Palace of Culture and Sport in Ostrava whistled like the senses of wearing a crown.
"Parodie on justice." Scientist warned of cancer from pollution, sits in Turkish jail
Sik, along with other scientists, participated in a study commissioned by the Turkish Ministry of Health between 2011 and 2015. It concluded that water, soil and food pollution in some industrial areas in the west of the country was linked to an increased incidence of cancer among local residents.
Scientists mentioned mainly the Dilovasi industrial zone, which is about 80 kilometres from Istanbul, and which houses a number of chemical and metallurgical plants. People living around it, they say, suffer from cancer far more often than the international average.
Erdogan retaliates for coup, international criticism despite
It seemed to Sik that the government, notwithstanding the clear conclusions of the study, was not taking any action on the matter. He wrote several articles about the research in the opposition daily Cumhuriyet. Authorities subsequently began prosecuting him for leaking classified information.
"The study clearly showed the extent to which water sources were contaminated with toxic substances," Sik told reporters after the verdict. "The court's decision shows that the results of studies directly related to public health may be concealed. This is unacceptable," the scientist added.
"The Turkish authorities, instead of persecuting people sounding the alarm through the courts, should investigate this significant public health problem," said Andrew Gardner of AI's Turkish branch.
Environmental and human rights organisations have long accused the Turkish government of not enforcing environmental regulations, despite the rapid development of industry in certain regions.
After the thwarted 2016 coup, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's regime launched a massive wave of arrests. Nearly 80,000 people are now behind bars, including a number of Cumhuriyet employees. Authorities have also suspended 150,000 civil servants and members of the armed forces altogether.
The opposition and human rights organizations accuse the government of using the attempted coup to persecute its opponents. But the authorities argue that these are measures necessary to ensure national security.
The fastest man on the planet missed tests. I don't take anything, he fights back
The traditionally highly contested fight for the fastest man on the planet will be a hurry at the World Championships to defending silver champion Christian Coleman. The 23-year-old American is the leader of the world tables with a time of 9.81 seconds and has lost only once this year. His start at the peak of the season was under threat, however, due to a case involving missed doping tests.
The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) closed his case in early September without filing charges for formal reasons. Coleman did not take three doping exams last year and this year, but not within 12 months. His first offense was dated by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) retrospectively as of April 1, 2018, the start of the second quarter, but did not skip the test itself until June 6. And since the third omission took place on April 29, 2019, Coleman did not commit the wrongdoing in the form of three unfinished checks within 12 months.
Coleman argued that he had only forgotten to update the data in the app about the locations of athletes' whereabouts. "I don't take drugs or take anything legal. Many athletes use legal creatine or protein powder or various other supplements for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I work hard and that's what it's about," he said before the start of MS.
His only defeat in six starts in the 100 this year was when he entered the season at the Diamond League in Shanghai, where he was only six thousandths of a second ahead of compatriot Noah Lyles. He took advantage of Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League final, but will only run 200 at the World Championships.
The paper's second fastest competitor, with a performance of 9.86, is 22-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who has only flourished at US university competitions so far.
The title will be defended by the 37-year-old American Justin Gatlin, who flashed a time of 9.87 in Stanford in June. He ran the last 100 in Zagreb but only in 10.29 because he slightly injured his posterior thigh muscle.
The favourite also includes South African Akani Simbine, three-time Olympic medalist from Rio Andre de Grasse or European champion Zharnel Hughes. The fastest Jamaican with a time of 9.96 is the 2011 world champion Yohan Blake.
The men's hundred will begin on Friday with the pre-season and the heats. The semi-finals and finals are on Saturday. The medals will be run at 21:15 GMT.
Plane crash at Žinkov in Pilsen: Two people did not survive the accident
There were two people on the plane, a man (†63) and a woman (†38). "The plane asked for permission to land at Chaloupky Airport near Klatovy at 8:30 p.m.," police spokesperson Dana Ladman said. This was also the last record, at which time it was supposed to be located near Vojovice near Žinkov, according to the GPS coordinates.
But it did not reach the Klatovy airport. The lost aircraft, which sent a distress signal, immediately began to be searched. "In addition to the police, a military helicopter was involved," police spokesperson Martina Korandová said. But there was no happy ending to the search operation.
In the woods near Petrovic, near Měčín, which is about six kilometers from where the plane last reported, a helicopter crew spotted the wreckage before 9 a.m. "We found a plane and two bodies with no signs of life," Korand confirmed.
The crashed machine remained partially wedged in the branches of the trees, with pieces falling on the ground nearby. "We will investigate the cause of the accident in cooperation with expert experts and staff of the Institute for Professional Investigation of the Causes of Air Accidents," Korandová added.
Civilization in the Lent Time
Recently, I thought of a beautiful "camp" from one of Shimka's great stories with Grossmann taking place partly in a cemetery, which reads as follows: "I pointed out to her that she cries well, but on a stranger's grave!" It occurred to me that many of the world's politicians engaged in the senseless fight against climate change are now behaving very similarly.
They act as if humans ruled planet Earth. In fact, we're just a speck on her surface, which she can blow out with her giant forces like a fierce gust of wind a candle flame. Probably few of them are looking at famous British and American science documents dealing with the destructive abilities of our blue ball. After all, it would be enough for one of the larger active volcanoes to get a good "puff" and our advanced civilization to poop out of it.
And that this will happen in the immediate future is highly likely. Many large volcanoes, in the opinion of leading volcanologists, are "charged and armed" (such as Katla in Iceland).
In a way, it would be ideal if that eruption, if it has to happen someday, happens as soon as possible. Even before billions of dollars are wasted on measures to reduce carbon dioxide production, because any thoroughly angry volcano, along with dust and poisonous volcanic gases, can release at least a hundred times more into the atmosphere than was spared at the expense of the people of Europe.
So it makes no sense to force CO2 production. In addition, it has been scientifically proven that at its significantly higher proportion in the air, plants make up more biological matter and are also more resistant to drought. For humanity, any warming is considerably more favorable than, for example, the rapid return of the Ice Age.
Considering the still under-examined influence of solar cycles on the Earth's climate, we must come to only one reasonable conclusion: Let us try hard to keep the Earth as clean as possible and other changes with which we cannot measure ourselves by force, let us try to adjust with as little cost as possible!
Repairing the Krkonoše Museum will be a year late
The administration of the Krkonoše National Park (KRNAP) postponed the deadline for submitting bids for the second tender for the repair of the Krkonoše Museum in Vrchlabi by three weeks. The original deadline for opening the envelopes was September 20, said National Park spokesman Radek Drahný. The reason for the postponement of the deadline for submitting bids is a reduction of the budget from CZK 110 million to CZK 83 million.
"We are currently working with the prices that are on the market. There has been a change in the budget, it's about the price we expect to be offered. If someone makes an offer that is acceptable, then the work will start as much as possible," Drahný said.
Compared to the original plans, the start of the museum repair is about a year late. KRNAP wanted to have a selected contractor for the construction part by the end of last year and start construction work this spring. According to the National Park Authority, European subsidies of CZK 123 million for the project are not at risk.
The KRNAP administration is failing to select a construction company to repair the museum. The second competition was launched this summer because in the previous tender all company offers significantly exceeded the estimated price of 65 million at the time. The bids exceeded CZK 100 million.
The museum, which is housed in a former Augustinian monastery and belongs to the KRNAP Administration, has been closed since autumn 2017. The selected firm should secure the construction part of the project. The total cost, including the construction of the new exhibition, is estimated at CZK 210 million. The currently cleared facility should be created by the end of 2021 after the transformation of the expositions of the KRNAP visitor centre.
The repaired museum with a new interactive exhibition, which should be the story of nature and people settled in the mountains and build on the successful Stone and Life exhibit, should serve as a representative entrance gate of the Giant Mountains for visitors. The visitor centre should provide the most comprehensible form of information about the past and present of the Giant Mountains and motivate people to discover the mountains and protect them. It should also take over the role of the traditional museum. The centre will also offer opportunities to host concerts, festivals, theatre performances or open air lectures. The plans include building a new entrance to the building, creating a research room or café.
Toyota still believes hydrogen, preparing second generation Mirai
Toyota Mirai was never meant to be a concept. Toyota was so serious about her that even though there was virtually no hydrogen pumping infrastructure in the world, she still put it on the menu. Not quite standard, the customer really had to go after this car in a really targeted way, but no one else offered such a variant at the time.
Toyota's chief executive Takeshi Uchiyamada confirmed at an international hydrogen conference that a new generation will arrive next year. Toyota still believes that these cars have a future and will be priceless for hybrids within a decade. Of course, this is linked to the development of pumping networks. But the future is connected to hydrogen as well as electricity.
At the conference, the word hydrogen was often lowered with the needs of ecological operation not of passenger cars, but on the contrary large tractors, ships, trains, etc.Just those means of transport that need to be overcome over one refueling long distance. That's not what purely battery versions can offer. Toyota could thus find new outlets thanks to great experience and long development.
It remains to be remembered that, like Toyota, Hyundai believes in hydrogen propulsion, which now also offers the Nexo hydrogen crossover.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right shade of lipstick: There's not just one red
When choosing a red lipstick, you should first determine whether you are a warm or cold type. Try a simple test - check the veins on your wrist. If they're blue, you're a cold type, if it's green, then you're one of the hot types. When choosing a new red lipstick, put first and foremost just on the subton-based allocation. When you look at the texture in the next one.
If you belong to women with a cold undertone, then lipsticks in purple, plum, cherry or mauve paint are suitable for you.
If you fall into the category of warm skin undertones, choose both lipsticks. You can tell them by the fact that they gravitate towards orange, coral, gold or brown reflections.
It may happen to you that some of the veins look green and others look blue. In that case, congratulate yourself - you don't have to look at the undertone and you can only focus on your color preferences.
Purpose slander? Ústí Zoo looking for a new veterinarian, no one is interested
Most recently at the end of this month. The city leadership attributes this to the rumors that have sprung up around the former director of the zoo and at the same time the veterinarian Václav Poživil, that he purposefully killed the exotic animals he cared for. For example, they were the female rhino Zambu, the elephant of Kal or the orangutan Nyuňák.
The city council therefore announced a new contract. "For veterinary care for a zoo with an estimated value of 3.5 million crowns without VAT and for the city Centre for Animals in Need with an estimated value of 2.8 million crowns without VAT," said Romana Macová, a city spokesperson.
Deputy Mayor Věra Nechybová (UFO) explained that the city is announcing a competition for veterinary services for the third time. "Dr. Poživil had to explain the unsubstantiated suspicions. I consider it an outrageous defamation of such a high-quality expert," she noted.
Experts specialized in exotic animals are very few, she says. "It's certainly not pleasant. The zoo has so far provided veterinary care in the form of orders," she said. Orders and a contract cost the same money. "The garden, however, must comply with the Public Procurement Act in terms of funding," explained zoo spokesperson Nikola Roštejnská.
Václav Poživil himself is among the respected experts. He participated, for example, in a unique operation in which the Ústí cheetah Jane was the first cheetah in the world to receive a total prosthesis. He served as zoo director from 2009 to 2012. He made no comment on the anonymous rumors of his person. Yesterday, he didn't take phone calls or respond to text messages.
As far as the order for the zoo is concerned, some veterinarians think that in zero interest there is not necessarily concern about similar purposeful allegations, as in his case, but simply little awareness. For example, the veterinarian in Ústí, Jiří Král, has not yet heard of it. "I'm hearing it from you for the first time. Nobody approached us. Such a thing, I think, will spread quickly," he added.
Line D will be supervised by a new metro architect, bringing experience from the London Underground
The Prague Transport Company has selected an architect to oversee the shape of the metropolitan subway. From October, Anna Švarc will become her, her primary task will be the appearance of the new D line, but she will also be in charge of the existing station. According to her, the metro cannot be viewed only as a transport structure, travelling underground should also bring an aesthetic experience.
The Czech architect, who was involved, for example, in the reconstruction of three London metro stations, won the tender issued by the Prague Transport Company (DPP).
In addition, 14 other bidders participated in the tender. "Part of the selection process was a letter of motivation and a resume. Apparently it was decided by my previous practice from London, where I created a kind of aesthetic manual for the metro there in a team of three people," says the new metro architect. Similarly, according to her, her practice from the Institute of Planning and Development of the City of Prague could also decide.
He doesn't just see the subway as a traffic foul structure. Stations should also have aesthetic value.
"I have ideas about how the subway will change, how the space will improve, I do. But I will not know how it will actually take place in the coming weeks, when the transport company introduces me to its ideas," says Švarc.
"This is not a series of dogmas, but rather recommendations aimed primarily at maintaining the context of all stations if they are reconstructed," the manual says.
Whether a similar instrument is also a way to improve public space on the Prague metro is a question. The Prague metro is specific. "Whether the manual is an ideal or whether a personality can cover it, I really don't know yet," Švarc concludes.
Former French President Chirac buried on Monday, public commemoration on Sunday
The funeral of former French President Jacques Chirac, who died on Thursday at 86, will take place on Monday evening at the Montparnasse cemetery in Paris. This is reported by French media, citing Chirac's family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to say goodbye to the former head of state on Sunday afternoon at a commemoration in Paris's Invalides, where a coffin containing Chirac's remains will be displayed, the Élysée Palace announced.
Crowds have been pouring into the presidential residence since Thursday evening, according to AFP, to sign the book of condolence. That will be possible until Sunday. Then, on Monday, President Emmanuel Macron declared a state mourning.
Meanwhile, there are further reactions from the world and France to the deaths of the former mayor of Paris and the president from 1995 to 2007, whom Prime Minister Édouard Philippe today called "French in the True sense of the word."
Chiraca was remembered, for example, by the Japanese, as the politician was known for his love for their country and the sumo sport. News of the former French president's death has appeared on the front pages of all Japanese newspapers, including sports ones, the French press notes.
The tribal art museum on the Quai Branly Avenue in Paris, founded by Chirac, will not collect admission fees for ten days in honour of the former head of state.
The opening of the Pumpkin World has delayed the maturation of pumpkins
Nová Ves u Leština (Havlíčkobrodsko) - The farmhouse in Nova Ves u Leštiny na Havlíčkobrodsko today opened the Pumpkin World for more than a month. Decorations stacked from thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins are dominated by massive orange pyramids in the garden. The autumn event, which is becoming a tradition, starts a week later this year, as pumpkins on the surrounding seven hectares of the Pipka family have matured longer. Even now there are a lot of them in the field, Jaroslava Pipková told the Czech Press Agency today.
Pipes grow many kinds of pumpkins, but they haven't been happy with the weather for the last two years. This year's harvest has been delayed and some species have failed. "We have plenty of orange pumpkins for Halloween as usual, but some kinds for connoisseurs didn't work out," Pipková said. Nevertheless, more varieties can be selected on the farm, from the aforementioned large pumpkins suitable for carving and eating decorations over pumpkins for cooking hokaido or oblong "spaghetti" to ornamental pumpkins of different colours and shapes.
Pumpkin cultivation is laborious. Farmers manually hoe the plants and harvest their fruits, cutting the pumpkin from the stem with scissors. Pumpkin World Pipko has been opening regularly since 2010, last year attracting thousands of people. The decoration of pumpkins is complemented by attractions made of straw or a maze of logs. Visitors will also see animals kept on the farm. It will be open daily until November 3.
Details of the event are on the farm's website, where growers also offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, even pumpkin muffins or juice. Other options for treating the pumpkin in the kitchen are called by the visitors themselves. "A lot of cookbooks have tried their recipes, we too will be inspired," Pipkova said. She noted that some housekeepers also treat pumpkins as sourdough.
The farm lump sum is planned by the ministry from 2021. Tax doesn't change anything
The I.M.F. is preparing an amendment to the Income Tax Act, according to which an employee would receive money for food directly. According to the I.M.F., a quarter of employees, or about a million people who do not yet receive meal vouchers, will achieve food support.
However, according to the chairman of the Association of Voucher System Operators, David Rýc, a number of small companies that do not have canteen or meal vouchers provide their employees with meals, for example by importing food or by agreeing with restaurants.
"The essence of the intention is that we do not change the tax advantage. It will also not pay for health and social insurance," Schiller said on Friday. It added that the threshold for the maximum employer contribution applicable as a tax credit would also be maintained.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the price of a meal voucher. The remainder is paid by employees, in some cases by the employer, but no longer under a tax credit. The most advantageous value of a meal ticket for both employees and employers this year is CZK 123.
Přindiš, Prskavec and Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the World Championships
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec as well as canoeist Tereza Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Seu d'Urgell. Přindiš was fourth in Friday's qualifying, Prskavec fifth and Fišerová eighth. Three other Czech representatives will be vying for a semi-final start in the afternoon qualifying run in Spain.
Vavřinec Hradilek failed from a strong representative group of kayakers, receiving a 50-second penalty at the start of the run for improper passage of the goal. On the contrary, Přindiš and Prskavec can already rest and concentrate on Sunday's semi-final.
"I set myself the goal of going down that first ride to 30, which I did. Not that I don't care how I turned out, because it starts very early in the morning on Sunday, so I was hoping to be a little higher to have a better starting position," said Přindiš, praising his comfort in Seu. "Before the patrol race, I felt the worst in the 14 days we've been here. But then in the race it was good and today it was better again. It's beautiful here all the time, nice races, the crowd came, so fine," he smiled.
Flash was also happy. "In qualifying, you don't want to make an unnecessary mistake. I didn't really ride in the first wickets. Then I pulled the middle very well, without any problems and I knew I had mileage, so came the second mistake when I wanted to go down right and I turned the eruption. Overall, I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, we'll see how it goes," said this year's overall World Cup winner.
Both representatives praised the fact that on Sunday they would go to the start at the end of the semi-final block. "I'm not an early riser, it's chilly in the morning, and when you're here for 8:00, it wants to have a jacket and a sweatshirt," said Přindiš. "Overall, the semi-final takes an hour and a half, which is a pretty good difference in terms of sleep," Flash agreed.
Of the trio of Czech singles, only Fišerová succeeded, Eva Říhová finished two places behind the postseason 20, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35. "I went down the top part as I imagined, in the middle passage it felt like I was late and didn't go according to plan, but I was able to get into the comfort trail I wanted to go. I made two nudges and I'm just behind the winner with a clean time. I have a good starting position for the semi-finals," Fišerová said.
Coal will give way to gas and core. Renewables will not cover increased demand, says European ExxonMobile chief
Renewables will not be enough for the Czech Republic to meet future energy demand. Due to inappropriate climate, wind and solar power plants need to be complemented with other alternatives, such as those using natural gas.
In an interview with HN, Philippe Ducom, president of the European branch of ExxonMobil, one of the largest global oil drillers, says so. At the same time, he mentions that large repositories that could be stored for later unused energy from days when there is enough sun and wind are still too expensive.
Ducom visited the ExxonMobil centre in Prague, which employs 1,200 people and whose job is to support the company's business activities and provide logistics and other services needed for the company's operation.
The Declaration of the End of the Right in the House, or How the "right-wing" coalition of ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
There have been recent reports in the media and comments about the upcoming coalition of these parties. Many applaud that the "right" is finally coming together, but I'm more asking why these parties are still calling themselves right-wing.
Aside from the new Trikolora movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a real right-wing party. And it doesn't really matter how the subjects refer to themselves or what labels are parroted by the mainstream media. The ODS, on its average of the party's top politicians, is hardly centrist, with TOP 09 clearly the party of the city's pseudo-liberal left (which is ashamed of its leftism, and so hypocritically describes itself as conservative or even right-wing). STAN is a party that, by its conception, ideology and voter targeting, essentially merges with TOP 09 (the reason for its existence is simply not clear to me). And KDU has even long labeled itself as a centrist one - but their political compass is much more to the left than they say.
Do you feel like I've taken everyone out of one of the water cleanly? No, I am based on the real political actions of these parties. If I consider myself a classically liberal right-wing voter, the highest value for me is individual freedom, free market and minimal state interference in the lives of individuals and the economy. How do these parties fulfil this general assumption of right-wing? How many laws capping people's freedoms with the sausage method, raising taxes, affirming new regulations and growing oversight, increasing the link to the socialist EU, or supporting environmental and gender madness, have they supported in recent years? A lot, a lot. Not their own labels, but actions identify them. These parties, despite all sorts of declarations or partial concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And that has nothing to do with right-wing.
I would not be surprised by the coalition cooperation of TOP 09, STAN and KDU, on the political map simply belongs together and apart from the Christian or, conversely, homosexualist and gender aspects in them for voters in terms of the influence of the state on their lives, I basically do not see a clear difference. However, the ODS has long portrayed itself as "the only right-wing" and, by associating with these three entities, it is already openly revealing its true political classification.
By the way, when I briefly mentioned the stickers. Have you noticed how often all these parties quite consistently and cheaply refer to critics of dirigisme and socialism coming from the European Union as pro-Russian agents? Can't they or just don't want to understand that there are many people who don't like Eurosocialism and growing non-freedom as strongly as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Aren't they hiding their total argumentative incompetence and gratuitous or blind adoration of Euro-EU conditions?
In short, it is possible that in the Czech Republic, other than centrist politics, no longer has a chance of greater success. Maybe that's what the voters really want. Perhaps they want left-centered politics under the guise of the "right" because they are ashamed of their political beliefs (or cannot even identify it). I don't know. But I am certainly not one of those voters.
Unsolved death of little girl (†8) in Příbramsk: The culprit does not face punishment
Unsolved cases are called "monuments" in criminalist slang. But they, too, are being investigated if new information emerges years later. Especially when it comes to the death of a child. Criminalist Jiří Markovič was able to investigate the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokop Valley, which was 12 years old in 1980. "The 1955 case? That's going to be hard, very hard. It would like to find a file for starters, it may no longer exist, talk to those who investigated it. There is always hope, but it would be really hard," Markovic says.
Under the previous regime, the public was not widely informed about violent crimes, but according to Markovic, this certainly does not mean that they are being investigated laxly. "It always depended on specific people," the criminologist thinks. The problem may be that materials from the 1950s can be destroyed, although unsealed cases should not be shredded.
Lucie Bílá's father was not a fan at all. You won't believe what she was supposed to do for a living!
Who doesn't know that the national treasure of Lucie Bílá (53) is the original profession of seamstress and real name Hana Zaňáková, probably does not live in the Czech Republic. But the singer herself has now revealed that she almost worked in a glass factory!
Lucie Bílá knew from a relatively early age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love of singing was born when, as a little girl, she performed in a cultural house in her native Otvovice, where the warbler still lives.
"And I remember exactly where Mommy sat. That's when I was born a singer," she admitted to Impulse radio.
But her father was a little worried about his daughter's future and advised her to follow the path of a craft that has a golden bottom.
"My dad always said, 'Craft girl, craft. Walk your feet on the ground!' He even talked me into wanting to go to the local glassworks. The glassworks don't work anymore, I kind of do. I am a trained seamstress and at home I make various rosaries and pendants out of beads, which I then auction at auctions and buy wheelchairs with money," she added with a laugh.
The launch of the new myth is not at risk, reports the Kremlin. But a change of operator is in play
On Friday, the Ministry of Transport launched preparations for a new tender for the operation of the new toll system. This is a back-up plan that the state would use if the current toll contract were finally repealed. Alongside this, the state is also preparing another makeshift solution if it fails to complete the tender in time. This was stated on Facebook by Transport Minister Vladimír Kremlík (for ANO).
On Thursday, the Office for the Protection of Competition (ÚOHS) banned the performance of a toll contract between the state and the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium, with a one-year suspension. The Ministry will file a decomposition against it.
"The launch of a new toll collection system is not compromised. Starting today, we are launching the preparation of a new transparent procurement procedure, the subject of which will be the operation services of the new toll system, which is now being completed by the CzechToll and SkyToll consortium," the minister said.
The state would thus look for the operator of the currently upcoming toll in the tender, which will be launched from this December. It would therefore not be a competition for a completely new toll system, as was the case with the last tender, nor the use of the old system now operated by Kapsch.
However, according to the Kremlin, the ministry is also preparing for the fact that it would not be able to prepare the new tender in time. "Based on the experience so far with the course of the toll tender, I am deeply convinced that the OBR is wrong and that it is objectively impossible to prepare and implement such a complex procurement procedure within the time of 12 months and hand over the operation of the toll system to the new operator," he said.
In addition to the new procurement procedure, the resort will also prepare a makeshift solution to resolve toll collection for a transitional period until the state has found a full-fledged form of solution.
The state thus does not seem to use the offer made to him by the current toll administrator Kapsch in recent days. The Austrian firm offered the state the operation of the existing system in case the toll contract was cancelled.
At the same time, the Kremlin reiterated that he believed a backup plan would not be needed. The Ministry will therefore file an appeal against the antitrust authority's decision.
On Thursday, the OBR issued a decision prohibiting the performance of the toll contract. But the ban will not take effect until a year after the authority's decision is final. This is not final and can be filed against it with the chairman of the Office. The Ministry and CzechToll are therefore continuing to prepare a new toll, which should be launched in December.
Last year's tender for the new toll system and its operator was won by the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium. It succeeded in the toll tender with an offer of 10.75 billion crowns for ten years of operation. The current operator Kapsch protested against the course of both the tender and the validity of the toll contract, which failed to bid over 13 billion crowns in the competition.
I still see myself as a guy just settling in, says Jan Cina
"That was a big school for everyone who worked on it. I fell in love with an Afro dance there. The way I have something Romani in me after my dad, it completely enchanted me," said Jan Cina, who considers himself mainly a musical actor.
He has much fresher memories than the First Step series about his role as a painter in the new film National Avenue. Cina revealed that director Stephen Altrichter must have attracted him a lot. "The work was difficult, but the result is worth it. The film was made a year ago. Hard and honest, but fun at the same time. It was filmed on National Avenue, where I drove a car as a non-driver. A lot was also filmed in the South City in Prague," he said of the Czech-German co-production.
Although he is nominated for the Thalia Award for his role in the production of The Little Prince, he does not consider it the pinnacle of his career. "I don't feel that way. I still see myself as a guy just settling in. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I can see the peak far ahead of me," he revealed, noting that he didn't even think about the acceptance speech in the event of victory. "Not really, but as a kid, listening to talk shows on the radio, that's what I always imagined speaking to people."
Jan Cina has been living with colleague Petr Vančura for thirteen years. What's his recipe for a happy relationship? "To love each other and to see problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," he revealed, reminiscing about the Czech Lions giving, when his friend fell on the stairs.
"Yes, it did. He had new slippery shoes, and the red carpet was slippery, too. So it wasn't long before he was lying on the ground. He could make it a priority. He had a workshop on Vanchur's stairs, where he taught how to fall safely down the stairs at VIP events."
Děčín Zoo rejoices in small macaque
"Our band currently has seven members. Its youngest member came into the world on August 17, given birth to a female Buffy and is her fifth cub, her father is the male Hitam. For the first days after giving birth, the female wore a baby tightly pressed to her body, and for a long time she didn't want to show the world whether she had given birth to a male or a female. At about three weeks of the cub's age, however, it has already started to gradually postpone it for a little while and the keepers have known for a few days that it is a male," said zoo spokeswoman Alena Houšková, noting that the Children's Zoo has successfully bred 12 cubs of this kind.
The macaque plumes are the so-called endemic of the island of Sulawesi, meaning that they do not live in the wild elsewhere in the world. A typical feature is the black fur and plume on the head, by which they have a name. The macaque plumes live in the rainforests, especially at lower altitudes.
It feeds like most primates with both plant and animal food. The diet is dominated very significantly by the fruit of forest trees, which complement the flowers and leaves. They solve the need for protein by eating small arthropods, larvae and, to a lesser extent, bird eggs and chicks.
"If we ignore the natural enemies that are pythons, everything else has been written back by man. Local residents hunt macaques as a favorite prey with tasty meat and for fur. It is also fatal for these animals to burn and felling the rainforest," the spokesperson said.
Germany reports the first case of West Nile fever infection from a mosquito on its territory. It has to do with climate change
In addition to West Nile fever, mosquitoes can also transmit malaria, for example.
Germany on Friday reported the first case of a man infecting West Nile fever in German territory after being pinched by an infected mosquito. DPA reported the news. Until now, all sufferers have contracted the virus while travelling or contacting sick animals. Experts say the landmark case of the disease is linked to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute reported that a 70-year-old man from Saxony had contracted the virus. The disease had a severe course in his possession and was treated at a hospital in Leipzig due to brain inflammation. He's healthy now.
The West Nile virus was first detected in 1937 in Uganda. Meanwhile, it has spread to large parts of Africa, Asia and Europe, and the United States in the 1990s. Its bearers are mainly birds and also mosquitoes who become infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state-owned companies are now to go through the selection process. Law can be circumvented, opposition says
"This is a typical bill that is useless," said ODS deputy chairman Zbyněk Stanjura.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the Chamber of Deputies approved changes to prevent the opaque distribution of functions in the future - critics talk about tobacconists - in state-owned companies. Newly, candidates should go through a selection process at a given ministry and will also be considered by the government's Personnel Nominations Committee.
However, it is a compromise solution that ODS, for example, does not like, because it will reportedly allow ministers to make excuses that selection boards are to blame for any poor selection of state managers. Moreover, the opinion of the said committee for the minister will not be binding. The news has yet to be approved by the Senate and signed by President Miloš Zeman.
Přerov: Driver crashes near the village of Kokory: He died wedged in his Fabia
The tragic traffic accident took place on Friday on a straight stretch between Přerov and the village of Kokory. The 28-year-old chauffeur of the fabie here failed to cross and drove off the road. The car rolled onto its roof and he remained wedged under it. He did not survive the suffering injuries.
"According to the initial information found at the scene, a passenger vehicle travelling in the direction of Kokory went out of communication, where it rolled onto the roof and the driver remained wedged under the vehicle," Přerov police spokesperson Miluše Zajícová told news server novinky.cz.
And where are the viewers? Doha can't be London
At the same time, however, it is a step backwards, as the pilgrimage to Doha has voluntarily and consciously renounced the riveting atmosphere prevailing at the sold-out stadium in London 2017 and last year at the European Championships in Berlin.
Giant banners on the walls of the Doha skyscrapers invite "the biggest sporting event of 2019." However, concerns about how dignified its backdrop will be are growing.
"Tickets for the goal are sold out for all evenings," the organizers say.
But that's too little.
The upper gallery of the Khalifa stadium, with a total capacity of 40,000 spectators, is already covered with multicolored sails, which also depict the flags of the 209 participating countries. Athletics has gone to a territory in Qatar where it has no roots, despite its annual Diamond League meeting.
So let's not be surprised that last week only 50,000 tickets were sold for ten days of the Championships, although their price started at 60 Qatari rials, or less than 400 crowns.
The organizers have now set themselves the goal of filling the uncovered parts of the stands at least half. That is why, according to sources in the British newspaper Giuardian, they allegedly (albeit the organisers themselves deny it) hand out free tickets to migrants who work here as workers, as well as children. Which Sebastian Coe, head of the IAAF Athletics Association, can also comment positively: "That's how we can inspire future generations."
Rich Qatar has won world championships in handball and cycling in the past, after athletics there will be football in 2022. The oil power's financial offers will always be lucrative even for wealthy sports federations. That is the reality of today's sports world.
But even if we accept it and ignore the absence of fans in the stadium, we can't help but breathe a purely sporting sigh that the experiment with the first outdoor World Athletes Championships in the Arabian Peninsula should have timed better for the IAAF leaders - and another year. The extremely late term, forced by the climate, breaks down the entire schedule of the season in the pre-Olympic year and thus the preparation for a key Olympic season that would normally start for athletes as early as October.
Perhaps Qatar will make up for it with technological innovations, with which it promises ultra-modern and attractive mastery. That it's just 37 degrees? Already, the stadium area is artificially air-conditioned at twenty-four. And the advanced cameras, embedded directly in the blocks, are meant to bring even TV viewers closer in detail what takes place in athletes in the hundredths of a second before and after the starter's shot.
Sparta is really packed this year, acknowledges Hradec's Nedomlel
In his case, the increased motivation is more than understandable. Hradecký hockey defender Richard Nedomlel will go in Friday's match against the club where he recently played. But the former Spartan is convinced that his teammates will be similarly affected, even though they have never worn the jersey of the Prague club.
"Everyone wants to pull out against Sparta," says Hradec's back before the 5th extra-time match.
In it, Hradec Králové will try to stretch out their winning streak, which at the moment counts three three-point wins in a row. After Kladno, Pilsen came the most appreciated fans on Sunday, Mountfield went to neighbouring Pardubice for it.
"But we can't watch the games that were. We need to focus on the matches that await us now and play in them the same way, if not better," the Hradec defender points out.
Hradec should not even look back at last year's record with Sparta. They lost in three of their four matches, taking points only once after winning in Prague after overtime. In addition, the Sparta management brought in some significant reinforcements in the summer and expects the team to return to the top.
"Sparta has always had quality players, but what are we going to talk about, this year they are really loaded," Nedomlel admits before the first game of the end of this week.
And the other one? Also a nice shift, waiting for Mountfield on Sunday afternoon in the Thirties.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has bitcoins hidden and doesn't know what to do with them
Venezuela's central bank conducts internal tests to determine whether it can hold cryptocurrencies. It responds to an instruction from the state-owned company Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which seeks to send bitcoins and ethers to the central bank, and that the bank then pays the suppliers of the oil company with cryptocurrencies. Employees are also studying a proposal that the central bank can count cryptocurrencies in foreign exchange reserves, which are now close to the low in 30 years. Citing information from four sources, Bloomberg reported.
The sanctions imposed by the United States against President Nicolás Maduro's authoritarian regime largely cut off Venezuela from the global financial system. This further deepened the country's economic crisis. Meanwhile, the current crisis is one of the most serious in global comparison, forcing officials to use a mixture of different ways to move money. While Maduro's efforts to launch the state cryptocurrency as the world's first failed, continued efforts to use digital currencies show how desperately the government is trying to find ways to circumvent restrictions.
Neither the Venezuelan Central Bank nor PDVSA responded to a request for comment.
It is unclear how PDVSA came to its own bitcoins and ethers, or how much value it possesses. The company has trouble getting payments from customers through conventional channels because big banks are unwilling to do business with entities that are subject to sanctions. Last month, the company received most of the payment of $700 million ($16.6 billion) in Chinese yuan because the parties failed to find financial institutions to allow the transaction.
PDVSA may not be keen to sell cryptocurrencies on the open market because it would require it to register on the stock exchange and submit to due diligence, so-called due diligence. Instead, she wants the central bank to use the cryptocurrency and pay with it to entities that PDVSA owes. Oil firm officials believe that the central bank is less exposed to any obstacles that could arise when paying with cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoins and ethers use a decentralised online ledger known as blockchain to verify and record transactions. In some cases, relatively anonymous transfers are allowed without the need for an intermediary. Few banks are involved in digital currencies because of problems with money laundering and client information related to them and complicating compliance.
Cryptocurrencies are experiencing a return to the limelight this year thanks to expectations of their greater adoption by institutions and Facebook's plan to come up with its own cryptocurrency. Even so, they remain unstable. Bitcoin has fallen almost 20 percent in the last four days, but has a profit of about 130 percent since the beginning of the year.
Neckermann cancels all flights, affects five hundred Czech clients
Neckermann cancels flights in connection with the insolvency of both Britain's Thomas Cook and his German daughter.
"The Czech company Thomas Cook, s. r. o., acting under the trade name Neckermann Travel Agency, did not file an insolvency petition," Šrámek said in a press release.
"However, CK Neckermann is forced to continue to cancel its clients' planned departures," he added, noting that this currently applies to all departures from September 26 to October 6.
According to Šrámek, cancellations will affect around 500 clients. According to him, the 800 Neckermann clients who are abroad at the moment "will be taken care of and their safe return to the Czech Republic is ensured by their planned flight."
The travel agency admitted that some clients were asked to pay for their stay. "In such a case, it is necessary for clients to contact the CK Neckermann SOS line immediately," Šrámek added.
The collapse of Thomas Cook occurred on Monday. Meanwhile, in August this year, the travel agency entered into an agreement on the basis of which creditors were to inject £900 million into the company.
Half of the sum was to be raised from the Chinese firm Fosun Tourism. It was to become the majority owner on the basis of this. The other half was to be provided by bondholders and creditor banks. On 20 September, however, information emerged that creditors had demanded that the travel agency receive a reserve of £200 million, otherwise the deal was falling. Then, on Monday, the company announced that it had gone bankrupt.
Under the bridge, a non-confrontational homeless woman was killed. Police are looking for witnesses
According to the Prague police, the murder took place sometime during the early evening to night from Tuesday to Wednesday. It is to this time that the police appeal relates to any possible testimony.
"Some of the drivers who drove along the bridge connecting Libeň and Žižkov or along Pod Krejcárkem Street could have filmed the killer on a dashboard camera, for example. Some witness might have just seen him and could describe him. In short, we will welcome any testimony to this case and accept it on line 158," said the spokesman for the regional police directorate Jan Daněk.
According to a spokesman for Daněk, the murdered homeless woman was non-confrontational, did not drink alcohol and did not seek out the company of other people. The woman lived at the scene. "She was most often in the vicinity of Krejcárk, Palmovka and Holešovice, when she was carrying large blue shopping bags," added Daněk's description of the victim, who could also help potential witnesses.
Slovaks succeed, only pay fine for racist insults
The Slovak Football Association succeeded in appealing against the closure of the stadium for fan racism. The team was originally scheduled to play a European Championship qualifier with Wales without spectators, instead the union will now only pay a fine of €15,000 (about £387,000).
UEFA's disciplinary committee punished Slovakia and Hungary for the behaviour of fans during a recent qualifying match in Budapest, which Czech coach Pavel Hapal's visiting charges won 2-1. The two unions closed the stadium for one match and fined Slovakia €20,000, Hungary €67,000.
On appeal, the Slovaks were only fined €15,000 for insulting political shouting. The closest national team match in qualifying for the European Championship with Wales on 10 October in Trnava will be made available to fans.
Basketball players failed to reach the under-17 medal, finishing fourth
Even the third World Seventeen was won by the Americans, who beat Spain just 77-75 in the final despite 40 points from Spain's Angela Salvadores.
"We really wanted to win, and if it wasn't for the potato, but maybe we wanted it too much. We caught the start, but we couldn't hold it because they rolled us under the basket," regretted captain Karolína Malečková. "Playing in front of such an audience was an incredible experience," she praised fans in Klatovy and Plzeň.
The Czechs started very well, taking an 8-0 lead thanks to two 3-pointers and dominating the field throughout the first quarter. At that point, it seemed that he would repay his opponents with an 85-88 defeat after extra time. But the referees blew 15 fouls at half-time and helped Hungary come back into the game with a 12-2 run.
"I'm convinced that all you had to do was make two or three more baskets, run to 20 points, and we wouldn't let go. But instead came our mistakes. I don't care about the referees, but what we did wrong and there were mistakes that helped the opponent to catch on," said coach Richard Fousek.
"It wasn't the first time we've had a lapse in concentration. But the girls are fighters, they didn't release anything and they fought to the end. But the opponent was very good," he added.
The Czechs were held in the game especially by Petra Holešínská with accurate shooting from a distance and pivot Tereza Šípová. The top Czech scorer, however, had a problem with fouls and missed much of the third quarter on the pitch. The Hungarians took advantage and took a slight lead, which they already held, even though the Czechs fought until the final seconds.
"For us the first five games were very challenging, we turned the games in a tight rotation and it cost us a lot of strength. You could already see against Spain that the girls were tired and there was nowhere to go. Because of our physique, we weren't consistent on defense. We didn't play a quick counterattack, we lacked a rebound. And the Hungarians are of such quality that if you don't harvest everything together, it's hard to win," Fousek added.
He believes his charge is in for a promising future. "In two years, the girls have managed to win the Youth Olympics, be second at the 16-year-old European Championships, and now they're fourth in the world. For our circumstances, it is a quality team with a good character and it needs to be further worked with and developed talent. Now it's up to the federation that the coach will assign them in the higher categories," Fousek added.
The end of political tobacconists? The new law, critics say, won't help anyway!
But, according to some opposition MPs, the law is more conducive to ministers absolving themselves of their responsibility for choice while continuing to choose their candidates.
Greater transparency in tenders for posts in state-owned companies - this is one of the aims of the nomination law. There were 119 MPs in favour. The law passed, for example, thanks to the votes of ANO, KSČM, Social Democrats and even the Pirates.
Candidates for state-owned companies will have to go through a selection process before a government committee. For example, it was the Pirates who sought to make the recommendation to the minister binding. That didn't work out in the end.
Civic Democrats and SPD movements fear the nomination bill will play into the hands of ministers. "Newly, the minister will be able to hide behind some decision of the commission and thus will not have a clear transparent responsibility," SPD chairman Tomio Okamura thinks. ODS Vice-President Martin Kupka speaks similarly.
The government committee should reject candidates who do not meet the conditions altogether. These will include criminal integrity, indebtedness, a minimum age of 25 and the main selection criterion should be expertise.
The bill will still have to pass the Senate, and then the president will get it to be signed.
Heavy competition for Skoda Kamiq. The Kia XCeed is betting on a wealth of equipment, at what cost?
The Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult to classify model. It is clearly one of the compact SUVs, but it does not offer all-wheel drive.This item leaves the larger sibling Sportage, which is as direct answer to cars like the Skoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X or Volkswagen Tiguan. Compared to them, the XCeed also bets on the more dynamic body shapes, which by sloping the rear can vaguely recall the world of SUV-coupe, popular in this part of the market, especially among premium brands Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz.
On the other hand, the XCeed cannot be included only alongside braided versions of classic compacts, such as the Ford Focus Active. Compared to him, the Koreans made a much larger number of changes to the bodywork, so those who don't want to, may not see Ceed in the shapes of the news.
Unlike a compact hatchback or Ceed estate, the XCeed also offers exclusively with supercharged engines, so don't expect a basic atmospheric 14-hundred. The XCeed launches with a supercharged litre and also offers a supercharged 16-cylinder with 150 kW, reserved for siblings by the GT version. Don't expect a sports degree here. The 1.6 CRDi turbodiesels are only offered in a mild-hybrid design, meaning that the internal combustion engine is assisted by an electrical system that helps with reducing consumption and emissions. From 100 kW it is also possible to pay extra for a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic in addition to the manual.
Soon, the offer will grow with a plug-in hybrid, a variant that travels roughly six tens of kilometers on electricity alone. The batteries can then be charged from a normal socket.
Simona Krain: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucia White!
The day before the launch of the Fuck The Age calendar, Simona Krain posted her last photos of herself completely naked! "I was a little worried that people would condemn me, that I was photographed naked at my age. I'm a rather shy person. But so far, I've only got positive reactions. I wanted to show women that when you want to, you can still have a solid figure when you're 46. Of course, there's hard work and renunciation behind it, but there's no other way."
"Lukas Dvorak and I took about three thousand photos, selected about a hundred, and there are twelve on the calendar, so the rest are waiting for their moment. It's certainly not the last time I've been naked," confided the Lightning model, who also came to her baptism very exposed.
She had an extended Bernhardt jacket with shorts underneath, but they couldn't be seen, so it looked like she had forgotten the bottom. Daily running has tightened her legs, so she can afford similar models.
Simone was so pleased with the success that she kissed at the christening of everyone she met. Husband, friends, even Slavica Lucia Bílá.
The carladička brought the voice of the digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, says the headline of a long text written to the Huffington Post by Michael Hobbes and photographed by Finlay Mackay. The provocative explanation then states that for decades the medical community ignored the facts of obesity and waged a fierce (and also unnecessary) war against overweight people, which not only marked public opinion, but also destroyed a lot of lives. But now is the time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes puts right at the beginning is the fact that from knowledge and knowledge of facts to putting into practice often leads to a very long and tedious journey. He mentions a case of scurvy, with some captains already in the seventeenth century handing out lemons, limes and oranges to their crew with the belief that they would prevent such diseases. However, the British Navy withdrew from the practice because of concerns about increased costs. The clear effect of fruit in preventing and treating the disease was then demonstrated in the mid-18th century, but it took another fifty years for the Navy to take this into account. Even seat belts existed long before the invention of the car, but they didn't become mandatory until the 1960s, just as the first confirmed asbestos-related death dates back to 1906, yet its first ban came in 1973.
"Every public health discovery - and no matter how significant it was - has always had to compete with traditions, prejudices, and financial stimuli within the society into which it was to be implemented," Hobbes writes. In American society, nearly 80 percent of the adult population and around one-third of children now meet the definition of overweight or obesity. More Americans now live with obesity than breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and HIV combined.
Obesity, meanwhile, is seen as an extremely personal failure of an individual who is said to be a burden on health care and reducing GDP. Fear of fatty is so great in the population that Americans now spend more money on diets than they spend on computer games and movies. But the truth is that diets don't work. As far back as 1959, research showed that 95 to 98% of attempts to lose weight end in failure, and two-thirds of people on a diet subsequently gain more than they lost.
Armed with Hobbes statistics, he goes on to describe the lifestyle and traumas of overweight people. The personal one encounters a systemic one, where, for example, faculties in the teaching of future doctors devote only 19 hours of the entire study to the issue of nutrition. Which, at a time when the 60 process of calories Americans accept comes from ultra-processed food - that is, too processed food.
How obesity is stigmatized is illustrated by news from surgeries, where overweight people usually experience shorter checkups, with doctors approaching them with less empathy and treating them as more problematic patients.
But overweight is far from just an American problem, as Hobbes writes, and since 1980, the proportion of obesity in 73 countries around the world has doubled and rose in 113. And in that time, no country has managed to reduce and stop this increase. Absolutely none.
Brno Grand Prix? There is a risk of more expensive tickets
The most expensive item is a listing fee every year before the Grand Prix. This year it was about one hundred and fifteen million crowns. "The mass of people who come to Brno at the Grand Prix will spend money there on accommodation, food or entertainment, which should more or less offset the costs associated with organizing the event, including the enrollment fee," assessed economist Petr Pelc.
According to him, the importance of the race is also in attracting tourists to the city. "Brno doesn't have that many of the world's tourist attractions. The Grand Prix also attracts visitors from abroad. It is important for Brno as well as, for example, the Tuřany airport or the exhibition grounds. And these are projects that are supported with public money," the economist added.
Grand Prix in Brno
- Costs for the past five years: CZK 686 million
- profits from the past five years: CZK 682 million
- problem: lack of money to host, increasing parking fee for Dorna promoter company
- possible solutions: more money from the state, use of advertising space, increase in ticket price
- state of play: negotiations for a new contract to host races for the next five years
According to the director of the Institute of Public Administration, Filip Hrůza, the organizers must now evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. "Grand Prix is siphoning money out of public budgets for other matters. To some extent, however, it is a political and not an economic issue," he thinks.
In the future, the cost of a motoring event may be even higher. In fact, the option of increasing the enrollment fee is almost double that.
"The situation is not closed, we must try to negotiate the best possible terms with Dorna. It also depends on the extent to which the state is ready to contribute to the race. Should the worst-case scenarios come true, I fear it is not realistic for the city and the county to pay the amount," admitted Mayor of Brno Markéta Vaňková.
As the daily Equality has already reported, representatives of both the South Moravian Region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising due to difficulties in raising money for the Grand Prix. "Dorna's condition is that advertising must be placed in places that don't work on cameras. The choice of companies is also limited, because if Dorna has a general sponsor, then a company from the same area cannot be the second sponsor," Vankova explained.
Organisers can also get more money from tickets in the coming years. "We have to sit down and say what the cost will be. And we have to adapt the revaluation of tickets to this," said Brno opposition representative for the ANO movement and former mayor Petr Vokřál.
D5 accident: Highway closed by truck collision
The incident was reported around 08:00 on the 22nd kilometer in the direction of Prague. "The highway is closed, at least for freight traffic. Passenger cars can go through a gas station," police spokesperson Michaela Richterová said in the morning. Traffic was restored around 2:30 p.m. Preliminary damage, according to Richter, is at least two million crowns, the cause of the accident is being investigated by police officers.
Central Bohemian Fire Department spokesman Petr Svoboda said one truck was carrying passenger vehicles and the other a plastic granulate. "Due to the large impact, the transported vehicles were shifted, which firefighters had to first secure against a possible fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank, from which about 200 litres of diesel fuel leaked. Another 200 litres were drained by firefighters. Due to the fuel leak, workers from the Beroun City Council's environmental department were called to the accident. The release of crashed vehicles and the freeway was cleared by a private company, which also extracted contaminated soil.
Failed qualification. Czech athletes are not doing well in Doha so far
The World Championships in Doha began with qualifying failures for Czech athletics. Diana Mezuliáníková fell in the 800 metres and did not qualify for pole vaulter Romana Maláčová or hammer thrower Kateřina Šafránková, who defended the eighth place, which she surprised the previous year in London.
The run on Friday will still be done by hurdler Vít Müller and the night marathon race will be run by Marcela Joglová.
Safrankova threw her third attempt at 65.46 metres and fell almost six metres short of her year's best, which she would have had to improve to advance. Malthouse jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was beyond her power. To participate in the final it was necessary to overcome the limit of 460 cm.
Mezuliáníková, who made it to the Championship at the last minute thanks to an invitation from the IAAF International Federation, finished in the fourth heats in the penultimate sixth place and even a time of 2:03.48 minutes was not enough for her to reach the semi-finals. She trailed her best this year by one and a half seconds. "It was quite fast for me, unfortunately I struggled with my opponent there on the bend, which quite robbed me of my strength. I felt like I still had the strength, but that's where it slowed me down. I almost stopped and had to run again, so it was a little uncomfortable in this. I cannot be completely satisfied," said the Czech representative.
She was glad she had overtaken at least one opponent at the finish line. "She really wasn't doing well, so every losing opponent was good. But I think it was for the fifth place. Unfortunately," she said. The fastest halfback in the heats was Winnie Nanyonda of Uganda at 2:00.36.
Doha lacks the best eight-hundred in recent years, Caster Semenya of South Africa, who has too high levels of testosterone in her body, but like some other runners, she refuses to treat the IAAF rules since this year.
In the 100 metres, American Christian Coleman confirmed the role of number one favorite, with a time of 9.98 being the only one to get below the ten-second mark. His compatriot Justin Gatlin, who is seeking to defend his title at the age of 37, also advanced to the semifinals. Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who is ranked number two in this year's standings with 9.86 and was expected to face Coleman, who has a performance of 9.81 this season.
He showed great form already in the distance qualification Cuban Juan Miguel Echevarría, who flew the first jump to a distance of 840 cm. No athlete has jumped that far in the World Championship qualifiers in the last 20 years. The 21-year-old Cuban leads this year's standings with an output of 865 cm.
French candidate for Oscar Les Misérables opens Be2Can parade
The Golden Bear and both Acting Award winners from this year's Berlinale, the award for directing and the Cannes jury prize and much more will present the 6th annual festival film from Berlin, Venice and Cannes. This year, too, the Be2Can festival will bring a selection of the most remarkable and stimulating one to present the competitions of Europe's three most important film festivals.
The opening film of this year's show will be the French drama Les Misérables, for which the author of the film Ladj Ly took the Jury Prize at this year's Cannes Film Festival. The film is a French Oscar candidate. The premiere of the film in Prague will be presented in person by the representatives of two leading roles of police officers of the criminal unit, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zong. Alexis Manenti is also the co-author of the film's script.
Be2Can will take place in Prague's Lucerna and Edison Filmhub cinemas this year, as well as in Brno (kino Art), Ostrava (Minikino) and Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) from 2 to 8 October.
Director Ladj Ly's director's feature debut was released and awarded at a number of other world festivals after his success at Cannes. At the Durban IFF, he won the Best Film and Best Screenplay Award, as well as at the IFF in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo and will soon be released in San Sebastián.
As part of the festival, however, viewers can also look forward to the films Synonyms, Young Ahmed, Intruder of the System, Goodbye, My Son, Sorry, we did not reach you, The Anthology of the City of Ghosts and the film The Golden Gloves. But they can also look forward to other fresh news from this year's Venice, which will head to Czech distribution: sci-fi Ad Astra, Joker, to the Czech triumph of Painted Bird.
Which cities will disappear under the sea?
The vote in the upper house of the Canadian Parliament has confirmed the well-known rumour for several days: Canada is taking away the honorary citizenship of the former human rights legend, Nobel Peace Prize winner Do Aung San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who spent years under house arrest for trying to bring freedom into her country, has lost her honorary degree because of her involvement in the genocide against the Rohingya minority nation.
The decision to take Suu Kyi's honorary citizenship had been approved by the lower legislative body a week ago, and now the senators unanimously supported it. "This is the right message for both her and Myanmar and for the world," independent Senator Ratna Omidvar commented on her colleagues' decisions. "We must make it clear that the accomplices of the genocide here in Canada are not welcome - all the more so as honorary citizens."
The Canadian Parliament's verdict does not technically change anything for Suu Kyi, it is just an honorary title, but on a symbolic level, it is a powerful message for her. The silence of the longtime human rights campaigner to the atrocities that the army of the majority Buddhist Myanmar has been committing endless months on the Rohingya Muslim minority is intolerable.
The fact that there is an officially organized genocide in Myanmar, and that Suu Kyi - the de facto prime minister of the government there - has failed utterly in the duty to protect its citizens, was recently reported by the UN report. Specifically, it mentions the names of several army commanders who, according to the investigative team, should stand trial for crimes against humanity committed in actions that - as the report says - "shock both the horror of their actions and the vast extent." According to the United Nations, Suu Kyi and its led administration were accomplished primarily by covering up the soldiers' actions and releasing a mist of lies around them - such as a "counter-terrorism operation."
After the removal of Suu Kyi, five figures remain on the list of honorary citizens of Canada: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tändzin Gjamccho, 14th Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, 49th imam of Shiite Muslims and Malala Yusufzai.
The developments surrounding the former icon of the fight for freedom and democracy were also reflected by the Canadian Museum of Human Rights, where Suu Kyi's profile added information about the atrocities against the Rohingya and the parliamentary decision to take her the title of honorary citizen. "We have also diminished the illumination of her photo on a blackboard showing the timeline of the struggle for human rights, and we are thinking of replacing her face with a portrait of a member of the Rohingya minority," Canadian media quotes museum spokesman Rorie McLeod as saying.
The only thing that will remain so in Suu Kyi's current upheaval - at least for now - is the Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to it at the suggestion of Václav Havel in 1991 for its huge contribution to the fight for democracy. "While Ms. Suu Kyi's current actions are regrettable, her award will not be nullified," Nobel Foundation head Lars Heikensten told Canada's CBS.
Microplastics have reached human intestines, study confirms for the first time
Scientists have been confirmed to several years of suspicion. The team, led by University of Vienna professor Philippe Schwable, published a study that first proves the presence of microplastics in human stool. While the study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia - however, tiny particles of plastic measuring between 50 and 500 micrometers have been found in the samples of all subjects studied. None of the eight subjects were vegetarian, six of them did not avoid sea fish, all drinking water from plastic bottles and food bottled in plastic.
And it would actually be kind of a miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplastics - which are either made directly, for example for the needs of the cosmetics industry, or are formed by the decay of larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water and lemonades; in short, everywhere on the planet. So their entry into the human's digestive tract was only officially confirmed. There were roughly 20 microplastic particles per ten grams of stool, and scientists estimate that more than half of the world's population will have them.
Of course, both lay and scientific awareness suspects that this is not a good thing. But humanity still doesn't know how bad it is - and what effect microplastics have on "host" organisms. Small particles can reach the bloodstream or the lymphatic system and end up in the liver, for example. "It's the first study of its kind, and it's confirmed what we've thought for a long time. Now that we have the first evidence of microplastics in the human body, we need to continue to explore exactly what that means for human health," Schwabl says.
So far, it is known that microplastics in the gut can negatively affect the immune responses of the digestive system, thereby facilitating the absorption of poisonous chemicals and other pathogens into the body. And there is no known solution yet other than to reduce the use of plastics, especially polypropylene. But that will be difficult - the first task facing governments and authorities will at least stop its steep increase. As for plastic bottles alone, experts estimate that in three years mankind will consume a fifth more than it does today. The current pace is a riveting million bottles bought per minute. Every year, roughly eight million tonnes of plastic end up in the seas and oceans. Waste threatens marine ecosystems and infests marine animal digestive systems.
Some states have already moved to restrictions and other measures; for example - under the threat of draconian punishments - Kenya has banned plastic bags. The European Commission is considering small bans (well-known straws), with the domestic Ministry of the Environment heading in the same direction. Critics, however, argue that while such measures are nice, they are completely inadequate.
Harry in the footsteps of Princess Diana (†36)! Where's Meghan?
Diana was special in that she could grab people by the heart. In January 1997, she caused a stir when she visited Africa and especially the minefield. The images on which he is wearing a protective suit and a shield on his face have become iconic. And no one could have known then that a few months later, the princess of human hearts would breathe his last breath in a tragic car accident in Paris.
Now her younger son, Harry, also scored when, after 22 years, he went to the same place as her. He went to a mine removal site in Dirico, Angola, and also put on a special protective suit, looking very thoughtful. Surely he could not resist the memories of his beloved mother, whom he had lost at just 13 years old.
Harry gave a speech at the scene, praising the efforts of the Halo Trust, which is working to defuse minefields and other explosives in the countries where the war took place. "The Minor Fields are unhealed wounds to war. By cleansing them, we can help the community to find peace with which opportunities are coming," he said, also appealing for the rescue and maintenance of wildlife and the local river as a source of water. After this visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huamba to rename the local orthopaedic center after his famous mom, Princess Diana.
He did not forget to mention it on the official Instagram account: "The Duke is honored to visit a place and a community that was so important to his mother, to get acquainted with their relentless mission, and to speak for everyone she (Diana) had the impression that they needed them to be heard the most, even though the problem was not exactly popular worldwide," appeared in a post on Sussex Royal's Instagram account.
But royal fans may be sorry that he did not take his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months) to such an expedition to remember Diana. Both have had a separate schedule for Harry since Wednesday, apparently to protect them. After all, taking a small baby to a minefield doesn't sound very safe, and Harry doesn't want to endanger his beloved family at any price.
The only ones. We don't have a certain reproduction, but we don't have to scare
Some words have dire connotations, though they just communicate the state of affairs. They include the word only child. It denotes a child growing up without siblings, but does not sound neutral. "You know, an only child," they say, with no need to add. Interestingly, this feature has been borne by the "only" ever since, back in the days when expressions such as a demographic crisis were widely used.
Today, even people outside the scientific community know that a fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman is required to ensure simple reproduction of the population. It is also widely known that in Europe today no state achieves this value. At most, France or Sweden are close to it, but the simple level of reproduction of the population is not ensured by European states. (Within the West, only Israel with a combined fertility rate of 3.1 children per woman.) It's a situation like being made for alarmism. That's why it's no surprise when the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs, Maláčová, also falls for him: "The only ones are almost as many as two-child families," she said in an interview with the LN. But she neglected the devil hidden in the detail.
Yes, it is good to point out the problem instead of downplaying or ideologizing it. Like in Germany, where a campaign for more children easily gets the label of fasceny (in the style of "that's how Hitler supported it"). It is good when it is recalled that many pairs of only children plan directly. It is good if politicians show the will to remove the obstacles that lead to those decisions (perhaps a weak widening of work from home discourages women from further pregnancies). But in spite of all this, let's point out one thing.
If Minister Maláčová says that "there are almost as many only ones," there is a drop of demagoguery. That statement was appropriate 20 years ago. Recall that fertility in the Czech Republic was last provided by simple reproduction in 1980 ("Husák's children"). It then fell to a formidable 1.14 in 2000. But since then it has risen by almost fifty percent, to the current 1.70 children per woman, which is Europe's above average. It is not enough for simple reproduction, so the activity of politicians is appropriate. Only with the alarmism can they take a little bit off.
Costa Rica is champion in the fight against climate change
Costa Rica received the title for several reasons. For starters, a plan to be carbon neutral by 2050 - however, a lot of countries have pledged to do so under the Paris Agreement. The Central American state, with a population of around five million, produces only 0.4 percent of the world's emissions. Costa Rica has also pledged to fully switch to renewable energy sources by 2030, with 70 percent of buses or taxis expected to run on electricity.
The official tourist organization says that about 95 percent of energy comes from renewable sources already - in 2017, Costa Rica operated on them for a total of 300 days.
Costa Rica boasts nearly 30 national parks.
The density of afforestation also contributes to reducing emissions. Rainforest forests with diverse fauna and flora, which cover more than half of the country's territory, are also one of the main tourist draws. "Costa is a pioneer in nature conservation and gives an example to other states in the region, but also around the world. Climate change requires urgent action from all of us," the UN said in a statement.
Costa Rica can boast nearly 30 national parks, which is a lot, given the country's small size (51,100 square kilometers). Rain or mist forests, coral reefs or mangrove marshes are home to five percent of the world's biodiversity. The country also has volcanoes, picturesque waterfalls, and you would also find several rescue stations for sloths.
Spectacularly to the planet. The Night of Scientists begins in Prague
"In Prague, I would definitely visit CTU and look at a model of what smart cities will look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Institute of Anatomy at the Medical Faculty, to which there is no public access at other times," advises the National Coordinator of the Night of Scientists, Jitřenka Navrátilová.
The Institute of Anatomy offers a tour of the autopsy room and the opportunity to try working with surgical instruments.
"Then I would run over to ČZU and watch the film The Green Desert," Navratilova adds. Guided tours will also be offered by nine laboratories. The motto of this year's Scientists' Night is "trifyingly to the planet."
Attorney General resumes prosecution of mother who manipulated daughter against father
Attorney General Pavel Zeman disagrees with the acquittal of the mother, who has long manipulated her daughter and disrupted her relationship with her father. She faced charges of abuse and endangering upbringing. The regional court acquitted her, Zeman disagrees. In a similar act, according to his appeal to the Supreme Court, a criminal offence can be seen.
The Supreme Court ruling could have a broader impact on other cases. "A more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse can also be considered necessary in terms of directing further application practice," Zeman's appeal reads.
Last year, the Svitavy District Court first found the woman guilty of abusing a person in charge as well as endangering the upbringing of a child. She and her daughter formed a solid, even symbiotic bond, even in a situation where she was to be entrusted to her father.
The result was a pathological fixation on the mother and a significantly negative relationship with the father. The situation was marked by the emotional development of her daughter, who was even hospitalized. She threatened self-harm in the event of custody of her father.
The Svitavsky court sentenced the mother to two years in prison with a two-year non-parole period. But the Pardubice branch of the regional court acquitted the woman on appeal, saying it was not a crime. The same verdict was repeated by the regional court after the Supreme Court had already ordered it to rule again.
The county court found that situations in which one parent manipulates a child against another are in no way exceptional. They are dealt with in guardianship proceedings, possibly with the help of psychologists or youth social protection authorities. Exceptionally, the solution is criminal law.
According to the Attorney General, however, the woman committed both abuse and endangering her upbringing. "The accused acted quite deliberately when she made her daughter feel negative about her father, and purposefully reinforced these negative emotions. By doing so, she not only pursued the illicit intent to restrict or exclude the father's contact with a minor, but she must have been aware that this would cause negative consequences in the psychosocial sphere of the minor," the appeal reads.
Zeman asked the Supreme Court to return the case to the regional court once more. The appeal implies that the child is now in the care of the father.
Step aside, he called on Schiller for words about opposition filth Czernin
"I find it completely unacceptable for a member of the Czech government anywhere, much less on the floor of parliament, to use such a totalitarian expression," Czernin wrote in an open letter to Schiller.
Her words caused a stir in the discussion of the draft constitutional lawsuit against President Miloš Zeman. The opposition did not get enough votes, and the draft constitutional lawsuit that the Senate came up with was thrown off the table by MPs.
"I get dozens of messages from people I don't know. There is not a single vote in support of this lawsuit. There are messages in support of the president and messages like how taxpayers' money is being spent here, hitting empty straw. And I'll even allow myself, I don't use hard language, one of them to quote: It's opposition and senatorial filth," the finance minister said.
"These expressions were used by the Nazis to the citizens of Jewish origin and the Communists to their political adversaries. It is the rhetoric of totalitarianism, without a modicum of respect for man and opinion," wrote TOP 09 Vice-President Czernin, who will compete for the post of party chairwoman Markéta Pekarová Adamová in the autumn.
"I have quoted one of many reports that I received dozens during the House proceedings. Their common denominator was their disgust at the constant personal defamation we see daily in domestic politics, which was also the main motive for Thursday's House proceedings. The fact that someone applies to themselves surprises me," Schillerová told the Czech News Agency.
Destroyed shops, fires in the streets, a memorial procession accompanied by riots
Five years ago, 43 college students in Ayotzinapa disappeared, despite extensive investigations, the case has yet to be cleared up. Reportedly, the students were to be detained by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not clear exactly what happened after that, according to the investigation, but according to the investigation, the students apparently ended up in the hands of a local syndicate and were subsequently killed and burned, APTN reports.
A memorial procession took place in Mexico's capital on Thursday, with families wanting to express their frustration that they were still unable to find answers and explain the disappearance of their children.
But the largely calm march was disrupted by smaller groups of vandals destroying everything in their path. Vandals destroyed shops and hotels, did not hesitate to destroy the sights, set fires around the city and discharged windows.
Even before the march, President Andres Manuel López Obrador said he would do everything to capture and asked the public for any information that would lead to clarification of the case.
Over 142 people were detained as part of the investigation, but neither was convicted. Many of them had to be released because their human rights were violated, investigators allegedly tortured the suspects, APTN adds.
Mahulena Bochannova has interrupted her year's detox and is sinning again!
More than a year ago, Mahulena Bochanová confided in Lightning that she had quit alcohol. "In the holidays, I thought I'd give my old rotten 50-year-old body a breath. I gave myself a deadline forever. I feel awfully rested, I have a lot of energy and most of all my psyche has improved. I haven't been well mentally lately. I get up better, I don't have a headache, I have more energy, money."
Yearly abstinence was enough, she said, and the actress found her way back to alcohol. "Sometimes I have bubbles or quality wine, but I don't drink what I used to. I'll have one drink and have fun until morning. I've got a bottle of wine in the fridge for a week. I also enjoyed non-alcoholic beer, which I can drink at any time," said Mahulena, who still forms a couple with Brno businessman Petr.
Bochanová also returned to the theatre season after the holidays and will newly join the series Ordinace v růžové zahradě. "I'm ashamed of the first two shows, I was really bad, I said. But it's getting better," the actress smiles critically.
Jaromír Soukup spoke about Gott: He wishes him mostly peace
Moderator and entrepreneur Jaromír Soukup (50) will not be afraid of any questions. In his show Call and Write to the boss, he publicly comments on various topics. Nor are he strangers to tabloid cases, which he glosses sparkly and wittily. Although this time he wasn't laughing.
Jaromír Soukup commented on the sad news, which is a very serious illness of Karel Gott. He promised the singer one very considerate thing for himself.
"You know, Karl got sick and said it fair without tabloid journalists having to dig it up. I don't want to comment on it, it's a serious illness, we all respect Karel Gott immensely. And I wish him, of course, a successful treatment and, above all, peace! The calm he needs right now," Barrandov, the owner of the TV, said.
"I wish the media would leave him alone. And she waited for the news the Master himself decides to provide to the media. I don't really like the various expressions that his old acquaintances and various celebrities think about his health. And on behalf of our media, I can say that we will only address his illness and his person if he expresses his own interest. I think the other media should consider a similar approach."
Young Czechs think they know how to do it with money. The survey did not confirm this
"It turns out, then, that young Czechs have somewhat more confidence in their knowledge of finances than reality. Women and respondents without a high school diploma had a significantly larger share of bad answers in this case," said KRUK director Jaroslava Palendalová.
Rather, men and young high school students or college students believe in their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs learn the most about the functioning of financial affairs from their parents (37 percent), self-study on the internet (23 percent) and only in the third row from teaching at school (21 percent).
Questions about finances are mainly consulted with parents by women, while information on the internet is more likely to be sought by men. Getting information about finances from parents predominates in all age categories of young people, regardless of their educational attainment or personal income. Practically minimal influence has the prospectuses of financial institutions, professional journals and publications.
"Once again, it shows the importance of raising children by their parents, who represent authority in all major areas of life. Therefore, the key level of financial literacy of parents who transfer their knowledge and experience to their offspring is crucial," Palendalová said.
Savings and investments are preferred by 94 per cent of young people.
Clearly, the young are on the question of whether it is better to save and buy, for example, their own house or apartment, or to enjoy and rather spend money, without savings or their own housing.
The strategy for saving and investing in fixed tangible assets is espoused by 94 percent of those surveyed. This is true across all age categories of young people, regardless of educational attainment, social status or current level of personal income.
The strategy of the investigation is then 100% held by people in matrimony with two or more children and public sector employees. On the contrary, people who live alone and with an income above CZK 30,000 per month want to enjoy themselves.
A hunter wounded in a fall from a posed, carried to the ambulance for three hours
The unfortunate accident occurred before 7:30 p.m. in the top parts at the Devil's Mill.
"It was a very difficult and inaccessible terrain, so we went to the injured man five of our rescuers with proper technology. At the same time, we asked for cooperation from the Medical Rescue Service of the Moravian-Silesian Region. Paramedics then dispatched an ambulance to the accident," Libor Kluz, dispatcher of the Mountain Rescue Service Beskydy, described the circumstances of the intervention.
Rescuers found hunters in a targeted location with multiple injuries. He was immediately treated and then gently but difficult to transport on the so-called Austrian cart through the impassable terrain.
"Transport along the route of about a mile and a half was slow and difficult. The injured nimrod was therefore handed over to the crew of the ambulance after approximately three hours," added Libor Kluz.
According to Radan Jaškovský, the commissioned chief of the Mountain Rescue Service of Beskydy and at the same time the intervening rescuer, a colleague of the hunter was fortunately able to describe in detail the whereabouts of the injured man.
"We therefore found it relatively quickly. However, if he had the Rescue app on his phone, our rescuers would certainly have been there sooner and at the same time the dispatch of line 155 would have known about the accident and his situation immediately," commented Radan Jaškovský.
He added that a charged mobile phone with activated Ambulance app should be a matter of course in the mountains today.
Zeman a monument-keeper - A man straining the constitution calls for enforcement of the law
Anyone who moves in a camp-divided society and doesn't want to go completely nuts will welcome situations where they don't just have to root for their own. When he can admit the pluses to anyone he otherwise criticizes. If only to make him feel that he's only oriented by pre-assigned stickers. Such situations include a list of severely damaged monuments that President Zeman fences on his favourite trips to the regions.
Everybody knows what's going on. And those who sometimes travel through the Czech Republic, see many of those devastated monuments - from the centres of historic towns to individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches or farms - with their own eyes. Everyone suspects that demagoguery can come into play here, too. That if we reproach the town hall for not care about monuments or any horror in the zoning plan, it may be the work of former administrations. Or a privatized object whose owner is not traceable. The head of state calls on local politicians: "The Paragraf of the Monuments Act allows you to fine property owners who do not care about their property." But while the owner is irreplaceable, it must be admitted that the president is calling for law enforcement. Which even critics of his bending of the Constitution should recognize as a plus.
Of course, Miloš Zeman would not be Miloš Zeman if he considered all the details and formalities of a complex problem. But he stands up for a good cause much like squatters he doesn't recognize himself. Two years ago, we wrote: "Despite all the swearing, squatters draw attention to a problem outside the current interest. For this or that structure is in a state of disrepair." And let's face it, the president is doing the same thing de facto.
If you come to the historical centre of Jáchymov, you are amazed at how devastated it is - including houses with Renaissance cores. At a time when Jáchymov celebrates 500 years of silver mining and tolar mintage (for Americans dollars). Why? They say because of the rapid sale of houses in the '90s, officials there say. But why is it that the seven-kilometer-distant Island, the seat of the Shliks who coined the Jáchymov tolars, has the historic core nicely repaired? It is good if the President points out these things.
In the memorial to the victims of terror, Babiš called for security cooperation
Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and his wife Monika visited the September 11, 2001 memorial to the terrorist attacks Ground Zero in New York on September 27, 2019.
Terrorism is the main enemy that all nations of the world should fight together. At the end of a five-day visit to the United States today at the New York Memorial to the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš said so. On this occasion, the Prime Minister honored the memory of two victims of Czech origin.
"It's a very touching place," the prime minister said as he laid a white rose at the names of Lukáš Rambousko and the Czechoslovak emigrant Alena Sešínová, accompanied by his wife Monika. Both were among the more than 2750 dead claimed by the attack by hijacked planes on the former pair of World Trade Center (WTC) skyscrapers. The towers of the World Trade Center collapsed after the crash, in their place now there is a memorial with a naming list of victims.
"It is necessary to remember what happened here, the horror," said Babiš. The September 11, 2001 attack on the US was described by the prime minister as a reason why the UN should cooperate in a unified campaign against international terrorism. The terrorists then, in addition to destroying the WTC skyscrapers, crashed a hijacked plane into the Department of Defense building in Washington, and planned another strike on a target in Washington, apparently the White House or Congress. But this aircraft crashed when passengers stood up to the hijackers.
"This is our main enemy, where all the countries of the world should unite and fight international terrorism in a coordinated way," the Czech Prime Minister added.
Slovenians also beat Polish world champions and are in the final of the European Championships
Slovenian volleyball players will play sensationally for their first European Championship title. With the support of nearly 12,000 thunderous fans in Ljubljana, they beat the reigning two-time world champions Poles 3-1 and are the first finalists.
Who they will challenge in Sunday's climax in Paris will be decided on Friday between France and Serbia.
The Slovenian team played much more compact in the semi-finals than the Polish world champions. They only owned the start of the opening set and with luck the end of the second set, but the home volleyball players outdid themselves in defence and from the players in the red-and-white jersey basically scored only the native of Cuba León.
But in the home line-up, both Chebulj and Urnaut were introduced in the form of their lives, as well as the second all-rounder, Štern, who soon replaced the unimpressive Gasparini. The Poles paid for the fact that all previous matches at this Euro were won supremely, while the Slovenians gained confidence after tough play-off battles with both the Bulgarians and the Russians.
With the Poles in August this year, the Slovenians lost 1-3 in the Olympic qualifying in Gdansk, but they returned the defeat at home. But now he will leave the sold-out Ljubljana arena Stožica. Already after today, however, they have a certain second medal in history, in Paris they can improve the unexpected silver from the European Championships four years ago.
At the previous European Championships, the Slovenians finished eighth, behind the Czech national team.
Technology companies want to govern our cities
Francis Fukuyama's history has baked up somewhat. In 1992, at the height of the wave of liberalism that followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political scientist wrote in his most famous book The End of History and the Last Man: "What we may be witnessing... is the final point of human ideological development and the universal acceptance of Western liberal democracy as the final form of governance."
Twenty-six years later, we are rather seeing, from the US to Russia, from Turkey to Poland, and from Hungary to Italy, rather, illiberal models prevail and various forms of nationalism and radicalism thrive. Fukuyama's current ninth book Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment attempts to cope with the advent of these forces. As his interview by George Eaton for New Statesman shows, he rethinks many of his former positions: he argues that the ideas of socialism should return back to public space, and Marx was right about much. While he also insists that his thought development is still in line with the position of the 1990s, and critics of the End of History and the Last Man are said to have misunderstood correctly.
"What I said at the time was that one of the problems of modern democracy is that while it provides peace and prosperity, people want more than that... Liberal democracy doesn't even try to define what a good life is. It leaves it to individuals who feel alienated, see no meaning, and therefore join groups according to identity that give them a sense of belonging."
In its day, the book The End of History and the Last Man was written as a strong argument against Marxists who saw communism as the final stage of history. When asked about how he now perceives the rise of socialists in Britain and the US, Fukuyama replies: "It all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we are talking about owning the means of production, except when clear services to the public are in demand, I don't think that will work. But if you mean redistributive programs that attempt to address the huge imbalance in income and wealth that we are witnessing, then yes. I don't just think he could come back, he should come back. The long period launched by President Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher, in which certain types of ideas about the benefits of an unregulated market came into play, had a disastrous effect in many ways."
In the end, Fukuyama is attempting to calm the current situation, and warns all liberals that even the emergence of new, not entirely democratic regimes, will mean the end of history.
Soldiers rehearse, pull the curtains. China plans celebrations at the site of the massacre
The army rehearsed the parade during recent weekends. Stores in central Beijing had to close, and residents near the square were ordered to close the curtains. Military wagons rolled down the vacant streets toward the square, and combat aircraft circled in the sky.
Several Chinese told Reuters they were proud to display their country's military power. But one woman said it was hard to deny that the celebrations would make other states uneasy.
Apparently, she was referring to Taiwan, which China claims and where elections are coming. But there may also be concerns in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, in which thousands of people repeatedly demonstrate against the China-appointed administrator.
Celebrations are also being prepared outside Beijing. South China's port of Xiaomen already performed a special light show on Thursday night. Siamen is opposite the island of Taiwan and is one of China's ten most innovative cities.
Before the anniversary, the list of forbidden things is growing. It already features drones, balloons, dragons, alcohol, radios and devices using radio waves, The Guardian pointed out. He added that China's popular social network, Weibo, was deleting "harmful political information."
"This is another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Chinese Communist Party remains (at the oar) despite all predictions," said historian Maura Cunningham, who deals with China. "It's a moment when the party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was formed in 1949 when the Communists, led by Mao Zedong, won the battle with Chiang Kai-shek's nationalists who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960s, China underwent a disastrous communist experiment in the form of the so-called Cultural Revolution. In June 1989, the Tiananmen Square regime massacred thousands of pro-democratic demonstrators from both students and workers.
Since the late 1970s, China has increasingly taken over elements of the capitalist economy. Critics say the mixture is now the worst of communism (one-party monopoly and the persecution of the opposition) and (Dickens) capitalism (exploitation of workers).
Czechs or children forbidden entry. Choi reveals discrimination in restaurants
These included, for example, erroneous information about prices and non-compliance with the principles of fairness of sales.
In one case of discrimination, a restaurant in Prague refuses to let smaller children into the business. According to the Choi, he writes on his website that the facility is not suitable for children under the age of eight. "When asked electronically by the consumer whether it is possible to order a table for four adults and one child aged four in the mentioned restaurant, the restaurant employee replied electronically that they do not accept the presence of children under the age of eight in the restaurant," Fröhlich said.
In the latter case, another Prague establishment did not want to let Czech-speaking people into the table, while allowing the English speakers to do so. "Czech-speaking inspectors, in the position of consumer, were not allowed to sit at a table in a restaurant and make an order. English-speaking consumers were allowed to do this," a ČOI spokesperson described the situation.
Both cases are now being dealt with in administrative proceedings. As they are not yet finalized, a spokesman for the inspection could not give further information on the mentioned restaurants.
Discrimination, however, only occurred in a very small proportion of restaurants inspected in the second quarter. In total, the CTIA carried out 139 inspections. In addition to the two cases of discrimination, it revealed other misconduct in 64 cases. For the most part, there were shortcomings in complying with the principles of fairness of sales and not informing the consumer about the prices of products and services in accordance with the regulations.
Earlier on Wednesday, the inspection reported on cases of discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreigners were charged amounts higher than to Czech-speaking clients. In these cases, final fines of CZK 60,000 have already been imposed.
On holiday with just a credit card? The NEO account offers free ATM withdrawals worldwide!
According to surveys, roughly half of all Czechs who go abroad have become accustomed to paying directly by card. The main reasons include, in particular, comfort, security, as well as the possibility of using travel insurance, which is often associated with a credit card.
Comfort when paying by card can be appreciated by travelers in almost every corner of the world. This is especially true in popular tourist destinations, but today credit cards are accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, perhaps for work, don't have time to go repeatedly to exchange cash. And even "vacationers" don't want to rely on cash to be enough. Moreover, some foreign currencies do not even have Czech banks or exchange offices. We have therefore solved this with the NEO account so that its users can withdraw cash from all ATMs free of charge, wherever they are," says Kateřina Petko, director of marketing and communications and spokesperson for Expobank CZ.
In addition, the payment card represents a much more reliable way than cash not to lose its money. When a full wallet is lost, its owner may not be eager to see the money he carried in it. However, if he only loses his payment card, he can easily block it immediately over the phone or via internet banking. In a quick negotiation, they may not suffer any financial loss at all. "Buying money in a bank account has other advantages in addition to their reliable protection. For a NEO account, for example, it is an interest rate of 1.6% per year, which is among the highest among both current and savings accounts. Its establishment and management takes place completely online without the need to visit the branch. In addition, the money in the bank account is insured up to €100,000 and keeping the account is completely free of charge," adds Kateřina Petko.
For anyone who is going abroad, travel insurance should be a matter of course. Thanks to the ability to arrange it and pay by card online, this can be done even at the last minute. But owning a payment card alone often means insurance protection when travelling. "For example, for embossed MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business cards, travel insurance is an integral part of foreign trips to all countries around the world. Holders of these cards can also insure their family, with whom they travel. They often have no further arranging," adds Kateřina Petko from Expobank CZ. However, it is always advisable to verify the scope of the insurance in question, i.e. whether it applies to all activities that travelers plan to undertake.
We're looking for motivated immigrants. The senior of the children's clinic is being built by an international team of doctors, we bring their stories
Albanian Ledjona Toni studied medicine in Czech and today few will know that she is a foreigner.
Hundreds of medics from abroad are studying in the Czech Republic who could stay and work here. Some of them were attempted by a paediatric clinic in Motol, Prague.
For Tara Hussein Tayeb to arrive at the Motol Hospital in Prague around 5 p.m., she had to get very early. The short-cut-haired Kurd was flying to the Czech Republic from Suleimania, a town in northeast Iraq, where she works as a pediatrician in a hospital and is still treating small patients in private practice in the afternoon. He also teaches at the university.
Spilk in the par. Indianapolis is on the verge of advancing after the first round
Golfer Klára Spilková is on the verge of advancing to the final rounds after the first round of the Tech Championship in Indianapolis. On Thursday, she played two birdies, two bogeys, and finished the opening day in par. With a result of 72, it is tied for 69th place, which is a projected cut.
The 24-year-old Spilk returned to the circuit after a two-month medical break a month ago and failed to make it to the second half of the tournament in Portland. She indulged in rest because of fatigue and exhaustion after a previous illness.
The first Czech winner of the professional tournament for the European LET series is a first-year member of the LPGA Tour and is not doing very well so far. Of the 12 tournaments, she made the cut three times, the best being 32nd in Hawaii. He's struggling to keep his card for the next season.
The Indianapolis tournament was played best by Korea's Hor Mi-chung. After the first round, he scores -9 and a two-shot lead over a trio of opponents.
Prague Stock Exchange rose slightly, Czech banks, O2 or Avast flourished
The Prague Stock Exchange closed the trading week with a slight rise. The PX index rose 0.13 percent to 1038.45 points. It was pulled up by Czech banks, telecommunications company O2 or technology firm Avast. On the contrary, Austrian titles and media company CME failed. This is clear from the results of trading on the stock exchange website.
For most of Friday's session, the Prague Stock Exchange traded in slightly positive territory and eventually finished with a small profit. "However, in the whole week (the PX index) has lost slightly over one percent," said Josef Dudek of Fio banka.
Domestic banks partially corrected declines from the past few days. Komerční banka improved 0.82 percent to CZK 803 and Moneta Money Bank rose 0.41 percent to CZK 72.80. Avast shares were up 0.89 percent at £113 and operator O2 posted 0.46 percent to £216.50.
Kofola's securities grew the most, by 1.38 percent to CZK 294. Less than a percent was acquired by tobacco company Philip Morris, whose shares rose to 13,640 crowns.
CEZ energy firm's securities stagnated at CZK 520 on Thursday.
Three titles were lost - Erste Bank was off 0.87 per cent to CZK 779.20, CME 0.73 per cent to CZK 109 and insurer VIG 0.40 per cent to CZK 618.
The crown weakened slightly against both major world currencies. It lost four pennies to the euro at 25.85 CZK/EUR, to the dollar three halves at 23.62 CZK/USD. This is clear from data on Patria Online.
My heart is like a bell and a non-smoker's lungs. I'll just have a few infusions, joked Zeman
The head of state underwent a several-hour medical examination at the Central Military Hospital (ÚVN) on Tuesday. According to the director of the hospital, Miroslav Zavoral, doctors did not find any "dorough conditions" in the president. The president will celebrate his 75th birthday on Saturday.
Doctors at the president's check revealed mild signs of dehydration. His low-pressure problems were caused by insufficient irrigation. "To fix the dehydration of the organism, I will have several infusions that will get minerals into my body," Zeman said.
Otherwise, however, according to him, the director of the ÚVN stated that "the Czech state has a healthy president." The president mentioned in this context that Zavoral received several hate messages due to a medical examination.
According to the president, doctors examined him thoroughly and did not miss a single place on his body. "So a brief recap: the heart beats like a bell, the lungs are clean, as if it's not a smoker, the liver works as if I'm a teetotaler, the kidneys are fine too and I can go on and on," Zeman said.
The editors of iDNES.cz contacted a military hospital to comment on Zeman's statement about his health.
The issue of Zeman's health became an issue especially at the time of last year's presidential election or at some public appearances, in which Zeman has clear problems with walking. According to Prague Castle, the president is walking badly because of diabetic polyfunctional neuropathy. He also has problems with low pressure and is harder to hear. Because of his health, he cut down on smoking.
Scientists search their study for toddlers with congenital defect, so-called valgozy ankles
Valgozita (carrying) ankles is a congenital defect that affects five to ten percent of children. By default, they are treated with intensive exercise. Scientists are trying to help these children even more, so they have developed special footwear that should significantly speed up the treatment.
"We have two prototypes of shoes that will be worn by healthy children and children diagnosed to map the effect in both groups. Participation in research will have no risks for children and the measurement will be completely painless," explains Marta Gimunová, head of research at the Faculty of Sports Studies at MU.
Parents of both groups of children can report to the study via a website where a registration form and all information are available.
Scientists are looking for fifty children diagnosed and fifty healthy children. Of each group, half will always wear health shoes and half will not.
"The moment parents should register their child is when they embark on their first separate steps, typically embarking on, for example, the furniture they stick to when they try to walk. Participation in the research involves three measurements within seven months of the child's first steps, each lasting about 20 minutes, for half of the participants also includes wearing the tested footwear," Gimun points out.
Pike in a pond, or a relatively affluent open-air museum?
Babiš chose statistics such as good security for his optimistic view (the Czech Republic is seventh in the world), low unemployment rates, low national debt. Or the figure that our country is 24th in quality of life out of 140 countries evaluated, according to a recent study.
Developer Dušan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot, however, presented other, not nearly as "pink" data, in a television interview on the occasion of the Architecture and Development Summit. For example, the Czech Republic is ranked 154th in the world in the speed of construction proceedings. It may be that the current economic "boom" will not leave behind any significant building heritage as it did in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only existing legislation, but also slow, inefficient bureaucracy. This is also documented by comparative studies in which the Czech Republic lags significantly in the overall quality and performance of public administration behind developed countries.
Our country has simply not yet been able to use the potential of the good economic situation of recent years to invest in the future. While it's nice that salaries and pensions are rising, people with a better standard of living will also want to have a place to live, travel modernly and fast, have quality cultural stalls, live without an intolerable environmental burden.
But in the capital city of Prague, for example, it has not been possible for years to complete the inner and outer ring road or the metro to the airport. Nor does Prague have a modern, architecturally daring national library, concert hall, or national gallery. The reason is not only the absurd tug-of-war over architectural competitions, zoning plans and building permits, but also a kind of specifically Czech conservatism, which adheres to the slogan "any bolder change is for the worse."
And when it seems that something bolder might succeed, it will almost certainly thwart preservationists or other somewhat stubborn associations, or politicians. In the absurd drama around Jan Kaplický's "blob" designed for the new building of the National Library, President Václav Klaus even wanted to tie himself to the excavators.
The list, however, does not end with Prague. The Czech Republic is not able to complete its backbone motorway network, nor to start building train expressways, so Germany eventually decided to run its tracks for super-fast trains from Berlin to Vienna by "travelling" via Bavaria. Moreover, in shenanigans, repairs of existing infrastructure are sometimes drowned. Getting quickly from Prague to Brno is now a puzzle.
Babiš came into politics promising to "do things." As for meaningful investments and acceleration of cumbersome bureaucratic procedures, not much has happened yet. As of 2018, an amendment to the Act on Accelerating the Construction of Transport Infrastructure applies, but we will have to wait for the more extensive favourable impacts of, for example, easier land expropriation. And the new building code, approved by the government, which is said to reduce the current average length of construction proceedings from 5.4 years to one year, will, if we are lucky, will start to apply from 2021. But many people probably wouldn't mind.
Unexpected wants 45 million from the state
According to the spokesman of the office, Vladimír Řepka, the Ministry of Justice has received six applications in this connection so far and is now analysing them. The teenager was in prison for assaulting the woman for two years, but the judiciary eventually acquitted him.
The appeal in the case was not filed by both Attorney General Pavel Zeman and Justice Minister Marie Benešová.
The attempted murder of a hairdresser in Hořice happened in February 2013. The Hradecká prosecutor's office indicted him as a then 20-year-old student at the Nečesaný Gymnasium. The prosecution claimed that he hit the woman several times in the head with a log and then took over ten thousand crowns from her. The seriously injured woman was found by her son, her life saved by doctors at Hradec Hospital.
Uncombed, he denied any wrongdoing from the outset. "I'm innocent, and I swear to that. I am sincerely sorry for what happened to the victim, but I am not the perpetrator," the young man, who did not deny that he had been to the hairdresser's fateful day, said earlier in court. He said he wanted to get a haircut. But he left after his wife told him he was already closing. He then turned himself in to the police as a witness.
The hairdresser did not recognize him as an aggressor during interrogation, but later identified the Aboriginal as the assailant. According to forensic experts, she suffered from memory lapses after the attack.
The Hradecký Regional Court gradually handed down five sentences in the case. He first found Nečesaný twice guilty and sentenced him to 16 years in prison, and the appeals high court reduced his sentence to 13 years. Unexpected gradually headed behind bars twice, each time he was freed after the intervention of the Supreme Court. After the court's ordering replacement, repeated acquittals were eventually handed down, the last of which was upheld by the High Court in March this year.
However, the chairman of the Board of Appeal, Jiří Lněnička, also stated in the grounds of his conclusions that this decision was wrong, but he said he did not have a better option due to the procedural situation. He said he had rejected the prosecutor's appeal against the acquittal, even though her appeals were justified.
"The problem with this is not that there is a lack of evidence, but an assessment of it. We believe that a sufficient amount of evidence was gathered in the pre-trial proceedings that would be more than sufficient in another criminal case for the recognition of guilt," Lněnička stated.
But the Hradec, but also the Supreme Court, looked at the case differently, and said their opinion would probably not change the further annulment of the acquittal.
Epilepsy complicated his love of sports, surgery gives him new hope
For the first time, Honzik's parents noted that something was wrong with him, in a year and a half. He always looked into the space for a few minutes, immobilized, and did not respond to anyone. So the pediatrician sent him to a pediatric neurology clinic, where doctors diagnosed epilepsy after a series of examinations and immediately put him on medication, which didn't work immediately.
It took nearly a year for doctors to find the ideal combination of medications that caused him to stop having seizures altogether. At the age of five, doctors dropped his medication, and because the seizures did not return, his parents thought that Honza was healthy and began to lead him more to sports. He rode his bike, skied, played tennis and floorball, spent his free time playing with his sister and friends. At the age of 11, however, he had another seizure and it all started again.
Doctors tried different combinations of drugs again, but this time nothing worked, seizures in the form of absences kept repeating. As Honza always stopped perceiving during the seizure, his parents were horrified that he would get it in sports and get hurt. Gradually, Honza stopped cycling and swapped downhill skis for cross-country skis and snowboard. Although the sport caused him a seizure from time to time, he never gave it up completely. He even fulfilled his dream and ran the Spartan Race, but together with a friend who kept an eye on him to help in an emergency.
When Honza was 15, his parents decided to try to change doctors and turned to experts at the Motol University Hospital. After a series of examinations, doctors there concluded that Honza was a candidate for surgery to remove a deposit from his brain - the source of epileptic seizures. "I had to have two surgeries in a row, first the doctors inserted probes into my brain that scanned its activity, then they could remove my deposit. It was a hell of a week for me. I just had to lie there and barely move, the wires stuck out of my head that were connected to the computer," Honza recalls.
The surgery was successful and doctors removed the relatively extensive lesion. "The first days after the surgery it was very mentally challenging, Honza was apathetic, confused, sad and barely speaking. Contrary to how normally he is alive and communicative, it was a frightening change, but fortunately after a few days everything returned to normal," the mother describes, adding: "A month and a half after the surgery he had 1 seizure, but doctors say it happens. He's been out of a seizure for three months since."
This school year Honza will graduate, in addition to sports he enjoys languages and started working with Company E, with which he travels around schools for discussions about epilepsy. Honza is not yet fully engaged in sports activities, he is starting to return to the sport slowly. "I'm learning how to play sports properly, how to breathe well so that my body doesn't expose sudden stress, which is quite a challenge with my competitive nature," explains Honza.
This year, therefore, he will not actively participate in the traditional EPPI of the boating triathlon, at which sufferers meet epilepsy and healthy athletes and which takes place already this weekend on 28 September 2019 at the Veselská pískněn. But next year, perhaps.
XXX Lutz can buy competitor Kik, the bureau has authorized. But there's a catch
"The competition authority has authorised, subject to the fulfilment of structural commitments established in favour of maintaining effective competition, the merger of competitors - XLCEE-Holding GmbH, on the one hand, and Kika Nábytek and Lambda Properties Czechia on the other," said ÚOHS spokesman Martin Švanda.
In addition to the XXX Lutz chain, XLCEE- Holding owns Möbelix stores. If it absorbed the Kika chain, it would occupy too much of the Czech furniture and accessories market. That is why they have to sell off part of the purchased company.
XLCEE-Holding also buys Kika branches in other countries where the chain operates, i.e. in Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. There, too, the transaction must be authorised by the antitrust authorities. The purchase of 22 foreign branches of the Kika chain from Signa Holding was announced by XXX Lutz in May. Signa took over the failing Kiku last year for a symbolic price.
The Kika chain entered the Czech market in 2005 and is number two after Swedish firm IKEA. Before being taken over by the Austrian company Signa, it had belonged to Steinhoff International Holdings, a South African company, since 2013. She faced problems when she uncovered discrepancies in her accounts. Kika has nine outlets in the Czech Republic.
XXX Lutz has been operating in the Czech Republic since 2010. Alongside IKEA, Sconto, Jysk or Asko-Furniture and Kika, it is one of the largest furniture retailers on the domestic market. The Möbelix brand has the same owner. After taking over Kiky's foreign branches, XXX Lutz will already operate over 300 department stores in 12 countries. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is 4.4 billion euros (about $114 billion).
Library commemorates the anniversary of Václav IV's death with an exhibition of manuscripts
Six rare historical manuscripts from the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries, the Roman and Czech King Wenceslas IV, can be viewed today and Saturday by people in Klementinum, Prague. The National Library released them from its vaults to commemorate this year's 600th anniversary of Wenceslas' death. This morning, librarians and restorers placed rare originals in display cases in the Mirror Chapel. Admission to the exhibition is free, it is open on both days from 10:00 to 18:00.
The exhibition of documents called Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the Royal Office and Library of Wenceslas IV was prepared by the library together with the National Archives. The National Archive looks at the written heritage from the time of the reign of Václav IV from the point of view of official documents and the National Library from the point of view of literary works, its author Jan Vojtíšek said on the exhibition.
"Visitors can look forward, for example, to a work on agriculture by Petr de Crescentiis, which is basically a kind of encyclopedia of agriculture, or to a breviary, a prayer book of one of the Benedictines of St. George's Monastery at Prague Castle, from the beginning of the 15th century," he said, listing the reasons why he thought people should look at the exhibition.
Epistles of Peter of Blois will also be on display, where the semi-figure of King Henry II of England is depicted in the opening miniature H (enrico). The author of the decoration is most likely the Master of Samson's History, who, in addition to two volumes of the Wenceslas IV Bible, was also involved in the decoration of a number of other manuscripts. Visitors will also see John Wycliff's Latin Choir of Tractates from about 1411 to 1414.
From the library of Wenceslas IV, not a single book was preserved on Czech territory. This library, according to experts, was one of the most extensive and also the most beautiful book collections in what was then Central Europe, because the young king longed to build a representative library to match the book collections of his French relatives. However, the library died soon after Wenceslas' death. Apparently, it was stolen or destroyed in the conquest of the castle by the Hussites. But several codes have been saved. Most are now owned by the Austrian National Library.
"We have a number of treasures in our collections and I am glad that they are in a state that allows them to be displayed and made available to the public so-called live and not only in the form of the Manuscriptorium digital library," said Martin Kocanda, director of the National Library.
On the day of Saturday's national holiday, Klementinum will also open for free an exhibition called What Hides Under the Floor, which presents the local archaeological discoveries.
Kristýna Plíšková did not make it to the final, her second title is missing so far
Plíšková's environment in Tashkent testified, she won her first tournament on the WTA circuit in 2016 and also performed very supremely this year.
After winning with Paolini, Kawao and Kužmová, she struggled among the top four players.
But the match with Alison Van Uytvanck was not going well for Christina. The Belgian held her serve and broke Plíšková's serve twice in the first set. In the second set, Van Uytvanck soon took a 3-0 lead and the reversal did not succeed in Christine, although she eventually managed to convert one break point. In the last one she still staved off one match point, but at the other came the end.
Petra Černocká changed her image and did well! In her light hair, she was rejuvenated
The film Saxana Petra Černocká (69) looks absolutely fantastic for her age. Although she will celebrate the jubilee of her life in November, she never looked like a pensioner. And now she's helped. She changed her image until her colleagues didn't recognize her.
Actress Petra Černocká never looked like a typical grandmother who had her hair laced with gray paint, wore sedentary things and went into the company sporadically. She's always looked after herself, and the older she gets, the more she can unwind in looking at her image.
Fortunately, she did not succumb to the trend of plastic surgery and takes care of her skin using good old indulona. And her anti-wrinkle recipe pays off. But now she changed her hair color and saw through completely.
When she came to a social event where celebrities were saying goodbye to summer, no one could recognize Petra. Not only did she have lighter and shorter hair, but she was still dressed in a yellow jacket that brightened her even more.
Ladies should learn from Saxana how not to underestimate themselves, that even on the cusp of the seventies they can risk with appearance. And it paid off for Petra, she looks fifty at the most.
Traveler Sigismund or General Bocek. Senate handed out commemorative medals
The 93-year-old Bocek, who was a British Air Force fighter during World War II, thanked him on behalf of all the awards for the medals awarded. "The Senate was one of the first to remember and not forget the war veterans," he said, among other things. "The award I took over today also belongs to my friends who are no longer among us," he added.
In his speech, Kubera warned against dividing society. "Let us not forget our roots, which, whether we want or not, unite and shape us all. After all, it is from these values that our successful present comes," said Kubera.
The awards were cardiologist and Czech scientist Renata Cífková, long-time rector of Tomáš Bata University in Zlín Petr Sáha, geologist, writer and traveler and popularizer of science Václav Cílek, chairman of the Czech Biathlon Union and Vice President of the World Biathlon Union Jiří Hamza and František Paštěka. The upper house appreciated his heroism - in January this year, he saved the life of his neighbor and his two-year-old granddaughter when he pulled them out of a burning car. Former upper house chairmen Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch also received medals.
Sigismund, along with Jiří Hanzelka, made a number of travel expeditions around the world, gathering a number of documentary material. Fištejn was both a commentator and director of Radio Free Europe's broadcasts, now he is working with the public media. Steigerwald also serves as a playwright and screenwriter, and musician Kocáb was head of the parliamentary commission to oversee the expulsion of Soviet troops.
The medal was given in advance to the astronomer and emeritus head of the United Nations Office for Space Affairs, Luboš Perek, in July on the occasion of his hundredth birthday. By the end of the year, Czech native and first US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and British philosopher and political scientist Roger Scruton, who among other things participated in the activities of the so-called underground university during the communist regime in former Czechoslovakia, are to receive the same award.
The app will help equip workshops. For points earned by movement
Equip the timber workshop of Hodonín Integrated School with new hand tools. This can now be earned by all those who download the EPP Help with Motion app to their mobiles.
"In your movement, you collect points, which you then attach to the account of our project. You don't have to be a racing runner or cyclist, points are loaded even if you're walking your dog or shopping, you're going for a walk or on foot to work," said Eva Schmid, director of the Hodonín school. The project was among the most interesting of the huge number of other applications for the ČEZ Foundation. The application will only be active for one month.
