Unusually open and unique painting of Karel Gott in the feature documentary film Olga Špátové
This unique film feat from Olga Špátové will premiere in Czech cinemas next spring.
′′ In mid-September last year Ivanka and Karel Gott called me and asked me if I would shoot a documentary about his life again after ten years. I didn't hesitate for a minute! Filming with a person who has lasted more than half a century in the sun of Czech culture thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and immeasurable diligence was and is a great honor for me. I accepted the challenge to make a feature documentary film about Karel Gott, who has brought joy to three generations of listeners, as a commitment to this legendary singer," director Olga Špátová describes her feelings.
The first shooting day, thanks to the fast agreement and agreement, it took place on October 22. th of last year and the last shots with Karel Gott were shot a few days ago. The goal was and is absolutely clear - to capture Karel Gott authentically as a phenomenal singer who gives himself to his supporters as a painter but also loving husband and father of his children. A man who has been giving joy to several generations with his songs not only in Europe, and actually around the world with his songs. A man who enrolled in the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The film is not supposed to be a showcase of Karel Gott's undisputed glory and his achievements. ′′ That's why it's not even possible to compare my previous movie Phenomenon Gott with this current movie. Everyone is different. At least by filming them in a different stage of Karel Gott's life, and it will be very manifested in his personal, intimate confession he provided for us and which confirmed us all in what legend we have the opportunity to work with and spend time that is indeed indescribable," Olga Špátová adds.
The creators captured Karel Gott during his performances, meetings with his fans in Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, at the cottage in Czech Switzerland, in the village where he spent his childhood and in other places that she played an important role in his life. The film will be completely authentic and unique thanks to the honest openness of Karel Gott.
′′ Olga has a great gift to shoot with her narrow team so that we often got carried away by a spontaneous atmosphere and naturally let her into our privacy, which made me talk about topics quite confidential. With her husband, cameraman Jan Malířem, they actually became part of our family. Originally we wanted to present the film in 2019 when I celebrated my life jubilee. But since I had a beautiful summer with my family, I wanted us to shoot as long as possible. Well, since there was a lot of me everywhere in 2019, my wish was that he was introduced into theaters in the spring of next year. This documentary film is a thank you to my supporters and everyone who supported and accompanied me in my profession," says Karel Gott himself.
Insects are up to sixty times less than 40 years ago
No other animal class is more represented in nature than insects. Bugs, butterflies and other species make up more than half of life on Earth. But reports are growing, according to which the insect empire is radically shrinking. Another scientific study on this topic came out just this week and according to it, the situation is even more serious than humanity has already realized.
The study is based on field research in the tropical rainforest in Puerto Rico, where American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As they write at the beginning of the report, insects are ′′ ten to sixty times less ′′ in the forest today. It is a loss of the entire population, i.e. not the number of species, with the research concerned not only insects but all arthropods. Due to insect extinction, the population of another fauna, which is addicted to insects, such as birds, frogs or lizards, is also thin.
Research authors put their conclusions in direct connection with climate change. The average air temperature in the forest has risen by two degrees Celsius in the last thirty years and warming has become the driving force of the food chain collapse. According to the author's team, the study shows that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems may be much larger than previously anticipated.
A big article published on Monday in the Washington Post journal, which presents new findings immediately in the headline as hyperalizing. ′′ It's one of the most disturbing articles I've ever read," said entomologist David Wagner from University of Connecticut, whose list quotes as an independent expert.
Insect extinction also applies to Europe. Lukáš Čížek from the Entomological Institute of the Academy of Sciences points out ′′ The loss is also ordered here," However, in addition to climate change, it is necessary to take into account the landscapes that play an important role in Europe. ′′ We have only been running for a long time than in Puerto Rico," Čížek adds why scientists could measure such a rapid decline in the forest compared to 70. years.
Czechs in Europe Ondřeje Housky: Should Czechoslovakia reject the Munich agreement in 1938 and go to war with Germany? Three times NO
The undated picture captures Adolf Hitler while visiting the Czechoslovak border fortifications. The task of fortresses was never to stop the German army, but to slow down its progress before the Allies join.
If Czechoslovakia rejected the Munich agreement almost 81 years ago and then faced a German attack, what would eliminate the most Czechoslovak soldiers from the fight? German tanks, air force, or artillery perhaps? Maybe it wouldn't be one of these weapons, although the Germans had an overwhelming superiority over Czechoslovakia. Czechoslovak army would probably suffer the biggest losses − due to blisters.
The president of the police union Štěpánek resigned, wants to live as a free man
The chairman of the independent union of police Milan Štěpánek decided to retire from office. Český rozhlas - Radiožurnál stated it on Friday. Štěpánek has been leading the unions since 2005. He will be the chairman of the union for two more months. He will stay with the police even after leaving the head of the union.
′′ I can confirm that I handed over my written resignation to the Bureau this week, after which I will be fully held for two more months," said Štěpánek Radiožurnálu. ′′ I have decided as a free man who does not want to be bound to the union forever. And who wants to live a quieter life," stated reasons for leaving.
The independent union of the police of the Czech Republic brings together members and employees of the security corps or employees of the Ministry of Interior. Among other things, the association participated in police protests against budget cuts or petitions under better conditions for security forces. He also got into a dispute with then Home Secretary Radek John in 2011 and organized a petition for his resignation. The leadership of the government coalition later agreed to leave John.
The museum in Semily returns to the Velvet Revolution with the exhibition
Imitation of a standardization room with a TV, where footage of the brutal police intervention against students from November 17., 1989 in Prague. This is also at the new museum exhibition in Semily, dedicated to the Velvet Revolution. ′′ The base is to introduce what happened in Semily after the events at the National Class," said curator of the exhibition Tomáš Chvátal.
′′ I'd say that the atmosphere was the same everywhere with the first demonstration in Semily on November 22., and then more people were gradually packed every day," he said. Among the most active were a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěchy, who signed Charter 77 and the husbands of Grandpa, who expanded the petition Several sentences. According to Chvátal, the Civic Forum was created quite quickly. ′′ One specimen is that there was a very strong group of local doctors in the Civic Forum," said the curator.
About 50 photos should be drawn into the current events in the city, Karel Bárta took pictures 30 years ago. A video from the general strike on November 27., 1989 filmed by František Tomíčkem, which will be played in the loop throughout the exhibition. At the demonstration, Ivan Hlas spoke and also sang at the demonstration. The Semilian archive lent a number of preserved banners for the exhibition. ′′ They said: Let's not get drunk with a roll, From trough to trough, We don't want violence," said Chvátal. Some changes in the city were very fast back then, for example, in December, people decided in all-semilic voting that the square would be Riegrova and cancelled the previous name Gottwald.
The exhibition also captures events before November events. ′′ In the first part, we present to the memorials and students, what was before, such a late standardization. I think we managed to collect unique documents from Semil, whether they are banners with various communist passwords or a bronze record from the then museum of the working movement," said Chvátal. One room is supposed to induce a sense of what it could have looked like in the living room of an ordinary household.
The last part of the exhibition is again dedicated to what was after the velvet revolution. The focus is on the first free elections. ′′ We have wallpapered one room with polling posters. Whoever has experienced this will remember the posters With us to Europe or there is Václav Klaus under the head of OF with a beautiful motto Everyone for their municipality added the curator.
Let the fans be positive, Hašek wishes. Sparta awaits a beater in Pilsen
′′ We will play at the limit of possibilities, we will do everything we can to succeed. In order to handle the match in the playroom and result," Spartan Martin Hašek promised in an interview for club television.
In the week he decided the cup duel in Jihlava (2:1). Sparta moved to the next round, which was an obligation for her. She is relieved, but the playroom continues to suffer.
Even though the season is slowly pouring into the second period, football Sparta is still looking for the face, which coach Václav Jílek talked about at the beginning of his engagement.
′′ But it's still Sparta that has high quality players. A difficult match awaits us," warns Pilsen Roman Procházka.
The last time the Spartans arrived in Struncova orchards, in mid-May it was a clear issue in the superstructure. The guests left after a soulless performance with a beating of 0:4, the largest in the history of the independent Czech league.
While there was a difference between clubs in the eight-point table before the match, Sparta now loses nine points after ten matches played. He is experiencing one of the worst season entries ever.
′′ This is not an easy situation for us or for fans who would like to see their beloved club completely elsewhere than it currently is," Hašek feels. ′′ But we would love for them to keep supporting us, stay positive and stand behind us."
Sparta does not know if he will be able to use Tetteh in Pilsen, although he received a two-match sentence for expulsion in Pilsen, but he appealed against him on Friday.
Costa, Dočkal, Drchal, Drchal, Dummy, Pulcrab, Zhustel, Tailor and Kadlec, who remembers the last Spartan victory in Pilsen in 2011.
Only midfielder Čermák should miss the last five games including Wednesday's cup in Hlučíně. And as a captain, the defender Jakub Brabec, Spartan breeder should lead them into the match.
Download for free Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on PC, you have until Thursday
Link to both games is on Epic Store here. You can include games in your library directly via the web, but you need to download an Epic Games Launcher client to play. You have until October 3. th.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original game from 2010, adding graphic and playable changes from the sequel Last Light.
The story on the motives of Dmitry Glukhovsky's book takes place in Russia in 2033 after the nuclear war. Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Humanity must have resorted underground, in our case to extensive complexes of Moscow metro.
′′ Take the post-apocalyptic world and distressive atmosphere from an unknown environment, slow down the vastness of the world and add many spectacular scripts and action passages and tradá: Metro 2033 is born," we wrote on Bonusweb in a period review.
Everything is, by contrast, a relaxing game - not playing in a procedurally generated world, carrying the message of English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. A player can become anything, from animals to trees to the planet.
JavaScript support must be turned on to view the video.
′′ Scary study result." Islam does not belong in the West, the vast majority of Austrians think
1200 respondents were asked, the survey shows considerable distrust of Islam in Austrian society.
Nearly 60 percent of Austria's population fears some Muslims are terrorists and 48 percent would require a ban on mosques construction. For greater monitoring of the centers of Islam, 80 percent are surveyed.
Most Austrians also wish Muslims were restricted in their religious practices, claiming that Muslims sometimes feel foreigners in their own country.
′′ The result of the study is terrifying," says the author of the study Wolfgang Aschauer, adding: ′′ Such an inclination to ethnocentrism could eventually lead to discriminatory attitudes. Religious freedoms, confessed to Muslims, are in danger of narrowing down."
For believers, the critical attitude is less distinctive. Aschauer claims that in Austria it is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. Dialogue and education could help dull polarization according to sociologist.
According to the study, the voters of the extreme right, people without higher education or seniors over the age of 75 are the most hostile attitudes towards Muslims. On the other hand, the Greens voters, people under the age of 30 and college students are the most friendly.
According to Austrian Ministry of the Interior estimates, Austria, which has about 8,7 million people, has approximately 700 Muslims. The vast majority have Turkish roots. There are over 400 Muslim prayers and mosques in the country and Islam has been officially recognized as a religion since 1912.
Thomas Cook: Czechs were thrown out of the hotel in Mallorca. Guarantee was not enough
The Austrian, German and Polish division of the group also submitted a proposal for insolvency in the week. The future of the Czech branch is currently being discussed, it should be decided by the end of September.
According to the Vice-President of the Association of Travel Agents of the Czech Republic Jan Papeže, there are three variants of possible solutions in the game - liquidation will be announced or the company will sell, or the team from the Czech branch will start a new travel agency. ′′ Which one will it be, but cannot be predicted, will depend on the German owner," CTK said today.
In addition to two prematurely finished tours, CK also deals with cases where clients had to pay their stay, although the company tries to provide guarantees to hotels. CK promised to make payments to its clients, according to the Pope, the company has sufficient security.
Problems in hotels occurred mainly in Mallorca, where the company also asked for help from the Czech consulate. In this context, the Pope described one of the cases where the hotel fired all the tourists of the office. ′′ The hotelier could not determine who belongs to German and who belongs to Czech society. He therefore fired everyone from the hotel even though the domestic Neckermann provided guarantees," he said. According to Šrámka, the situation was finally resolved.
The Czech branch of the failed British group Thomas Cook increased its sales to 995 million crowns last year, almost 21 percent more annually, follows from the company's annual report. It covers the financial year from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. The company's net profit decreased by about seven million to 15,3 million crowns. However, from previous years, the company has remained an unpaid loss of nearly 103 million crowns. The branch includes two basic divisions - next to CK Neckermann, it is the Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump contemplates revoking US stock registration
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration is considering revoking Chinese companies to trade in stock markets in the United States. An informed source told Reuters this today. Such a move would be a radical escalation of US-China trade tension. Stocks of the companies concerned on the New York Stock Exchange immediately headed down after the report and took down the whole market with them.
The withdrawal of shares would be part of a wider effort to reduce US investments in China, the source added. This confirmed Bloomberg's report, which caused shock in financial markets shortly before. Shares of Chinese companies Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI lost from two to four percent.
According to government data from February, 156 Chinese companies are trading shares on US Nasdaq and NYSE. There are also at least 11 state enterprises among them.
Bloomberg has pointed out that no precise mechanism has yet been established to secure the withdrawal of shares of Chinese companies from US stock exchanges. A possible plan would have to be approved by Trump, who made the negotiations on the issue green.
China and the US have been waging a trade war together for over a year, with each other's duties. The dispute of both countries has negative impacts on the world economy and raises concerns about the recession of the global economy. Washington is trying to get Beijing to change business practices and reduce China's surplus in US trading.
According to CNBC TV server, US-China trade negotiations should be restored on October 10. His goal is to end the trade war.
Police accused CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangrác for promotional contracts
Police accused former manager of the CzechTourism state agency Aleš Pangrác for promotion contracts. Pangrác of the List News server confirmed that he took over the charge this week. Czech Television (ČT) stated last year that police officers are checking contracts worth 38 million crowns in the case. According to police, part of the money went back to Pangrác, the server writes. In the case, criminals were also interested in the Minister for Local Development Klára Dostálová (for ANO), whose CzechTourism resort belongs to. The investigation into the case according to the server continues.
Detectives from the National Headquarters against Organized Crime secured evidence in this case in the second half of last November. For example, they were in the headquarters of the Ministry of Local Development, the headquarters of CzechTourism, at the autodrome in Mosta or Sport Invest agency. The service computer was also removed from the minister's apartment. The court order for a house inspection at Dostálové, which was previously quoted by ČT, stated that the Minister decided in 2016, when she was a deputy, about the costs of CzechTourism for the benefit of elected persons mediated and outside the standard official procedure. Dostálová said she felt absolutely innocent, she did not mistake everything she can document and fully cooperates with the police.
According to the agency, it was an individual's misconduct. The media has previously stated that he is a former director of the regional partnership department in CzechTourism Aleš Pangrác, who was dismissed due to audit results. It appeared that CzechTourism concluded 48 problematic agreements.
′′ Yes, they accused me. But I don't want to comment more on it," said Pangrác to the north List of Zprávy.
Vandal damaged the cemetery in Dobruška
According to the announcement received by the police, vandalism was supposed to happen in the dispersion meadow inside the Dobruš cemetery on Wednesday between 13. and 17. pm.
′′ The material damage has been quantified at 60 thousand crowns. Police ask possible witnesses of the event to share their knowledge in person at the service or by phone on the free line 158," said police spokesman Lucie Konečná.
Criminalists are investigating the case as damage to foreign affairs and disorderly, for which up to three years prison sentence is facing.
They freed hundreds of enslaved children from the religious school in Nigeria
According to the BBC station there were nearly five hundred men and boys, Reuters agency with an appeal to the police commissioner said there were over three hundred children from five years above. Some were chained together, others were chained to iron rings in the wall.
Kaduna police chief Ali Janga told the BBC that the school raid was carried out based on an indication. He called the school a house of horror. Starving people there were held violently, tortured and sexually abused. They couldn't leave, there was a razor wire above the walls. According to him, this is a case of slavery.
Several people were arrested during the raid, according to police spokesman Jakubu Sabo, they were their teachers.
Children told police that they were taken to school by parents or relatives saying it was a religious school. ′′ We identified two children from Burkina Faso, but most of them were brought here by parents from Nigerian states in the north," Sabo spokesman said to the identity of the victims. Nigerian states in the north of the country are mostly Muslim.
Imam Ahmada bin Hanbala school impersonated a religious school focused on the study of the Koran.
The exemptions were taken to the stadium where they are provided with help and food. Some have already met relatives.
French cook is suing Michelin for removing a star. I suffer from depression they say
The famous French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star this January, a year after he acquired it. The red guide publisher intends to judge to receive precise reasons for degradation. Veyrat also doubts the competence of Michelin inspectors, who he thinks confused saffron with cheddar cheese. The first trial is due in November.
Chef of the famous restaurant La Maison de Bois in the Alpine region of Horní Savojsko lost one of three Michelin stars in January this year. The publisher of the prestigious guide Le Guide Michelin will be judged because the commissioner s' conclusion was not properly justified. Moreover, the star was removed according to him without any notice. ′′ I suffer from depression for six months. How dare you mess with the health of the chefs?" Veyrat told the commissioners.
Michelin allegedly provided only vague reasons for the chef, such as that the chef put cheddar cheese in souffle, which was not a fan of the inspection. ′′ I put saffron in it and the gentlemen thought it was cheddar because it was yellow. I have been lovingly working with Savoy ingredients from the beginning," Veyrat decided against the decision. He is convinced of the strong incompetence of Michelin commissioners: ′′ Are you scammers who just cause disputes for commercial reasons." An outraged Veyrat does not understand ′′ how they could afford to say that we put cheddar in our suflé ". ′′ They offended our region, too, my employees were crazy about it. We have eggs from our hens, milk from our own cows, gardeners collect fresh herbs every morning," he got angry.
A distinctive chef, always with a black hat on his head and dark glasses, is an opponent of the new generation of Michelin commissioners and therefore asks for the removal of his restaurant from the red guide. The publisher, however, refuses. ′′ If the business remains open and our inspectors choose it again, we will continue to recommend it," says Gwendal Poullennec, international director of Michelin.
According to Michelin, the chef's suit testifies that he has no meaningful accusation yet and the lawyer will help him formulate it. ′′ We regret Mr. Veyrat communicates with us in a rough way. But we will carefully examine his comments," he expressed.
Apart from La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart owns two other three-star restaurants.
Technically perfect confusion with a weak scenario. Gemini with Will Smith did not haze criticism
Gemini Man (Gemini Man) boasts an interesting premise - Will Smith will face his younger version in the film. According to the critics, the story is the weakest part of the movie. The picture will be seen in Czech cinemas on October 10.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is an absolute top in his field. It kills effectively and without any questions. One day he decides to hang his career though. Of course, his employers who will send another killer on Henry. The catch is that Henry himself is the killer, more precisely his younger clone made of DNA. Can one determined person win the fight over himself? This time literally.
A certain quality assurance should have been the three times Oscar Ang Lee holder. This is his first science fiction, but he has a lot of experience with dramatic action films, as he showed, for example, in the aforementioned Tiger and Dragon or Western Ride with the Devil. Six writers collaborated on the screenplay. The most famous one is David Benioff, one of the creators of the Great Successful Game of Thrones. According to the first feedback, even all of this was not enough for a good movie.
′′ Even though Ang Lee tries big things in technical filmmaking, the film itself does not have enough character to raise it," thinks Fionnuala Hannigan from Screen Daily.
′′ This unsatisfactory film is less than a summary of all the talents involved in it. The weak scenario and plot is held together by the technological magic of filmmakers," Stephen Dalton summarized his opinion from The Hollywood Reporter magazine.
′′ Gemini is a case in which a huge amount of work has resulted in an incredibly unpleasant action film," does not hide disillusionment of Variety Peter Deburge's reviewer.
′′ Confused product with a bizarre idea," summarized the film in her review Ella Kempová from IndiaWire website.
′′ It's hard to care that one man is a double of another when neither of them behaves like a human being," wrote Nicholas Barber from The Wrap.
Overview of bank accounts for children on the Czech market
Children's accounts provide free of charge. But the offer needs to be considered, because some other services to the accounts are already charged. ′′ The motivation of banks to offer accounts for children whose basic leadership is free of charge is straightforward. Financial homes are counting on their forgiven fees to be refunded someday. During a small migration of Czechs among banks, they are probably not wrong," says Kristýna Kuncová from dTest.
According to her, ′′ Small accounts ′′ know almost everything that adult accounts do. A child gets his own credit card, he can make payments, monitor the movements in his account, he has his own electronic banking available somewhere. Banks will set up an account, but it is up to parents to teach children how to handle them and check their pay.
′′ A relatively flexible parent can set weekly or monthly limits, switch on and off individual services and the like. Above all, it can monitor what is happening in the account, whether by browsing via internet or via SMS information. Attention, these don't have to be free anymore," Kuncová complements and adds: ′′ If a parent is considering an account for their child, they should consider their abilities and options."
Strict but fair, we enjoy the clock! This is how Benešov gymnasists see their favorite teacher of the writer
Humanism should be present in every good book, Pavel Hoza is convinced. The high school teacher of Czech and history is also a poet, prozaik and literary life in a small town.
Bohuslav Reynek will come to mind above the lyrics of Pavel Hoza. His poetry, his paintings. Bare trees, white rural buildings, trembling grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old roads and people who have been after them for centuries. Grieving, swearing, blessing. This Reynk's contemporary continues to teach Czech, literature and history at the high school in Benesov, in the Café there he operates similar to the Prague Viola and organizes the Benesov literary festival every year.
Wife swap: Ondra's parents were harshly abused! Ended up in the institution
It was about the nerve. Supposedly troubled son Ondřej (9) was punished severely by his father every moment. ′′ He came home from school and lied with a snack. Lukáš looked at me and said he would kneel for punishment," Lucie described in Exchange. Dad Lukáš made little Ondra kneel in the corner for several hours! Besides the cameras, he said he had to suffer like this on a wooden foot massage mat! ′′ Ondřej came to me after filming and told me - auntie, I'm making the trouble and comments just to not be here because I want to go to an institution," Lucie described the moment she fully understood what was going on behind the studio door. And the boys wishes finally came true...
His condition was so serious that after filming the family was removed and placed in the Care Center in Českých Budějovicích for a month. He returned to his father and surrogate mother Aneta (28) shortly, but then went to a diagnostic institution for troubled children. ′′ When I arrived home, Aneta immediately added me on facebook, we wrote for a while. She was most interested in whether we got the money. I hardly reacted to that at all. But then she texted me that the little one was in the institution, that then they gave it back to them, now he's in diagnostics. Both of them are out of work," says mommy Lucie from Plzeňska.
Lightning, of course, approached the other side, but only a foggy response. ′′ I'm not in the mood, I'm sick, call me later," Aneta excused herself and hung up the phone.
Sparta does not want to lose Tetteh in Pilsen. She appealed a double match sentence
Football Sparta appealed against a two-game penalty for Benjamin Tetteh's attacker, who received the player from the disciplinary commission for exclusion in Sunday's derby with Slavia (0:3).
Letenský club informed about this on its twitter and is now waiting for the verdict of the appellate committee.
Tetteh has served half of his sentence in Wednesday's home cup match in Jihlava. Sparta now aims to allow a 11.-year-old Ghanaian attacker to start on Sunday's beater of the 11. th round of the first league in Pilsen.
The situation from last October could be repeated. At that time Olomouc appealed against the punishment for Simon Falta, who received a distance from the disciplinary commission on Thursday for exclusion against Liberec.
The appellate commission failed to discuss the case, so it postponed the effectiveness of the sentence and Falta could start on Saturday, paradoxically against Sparta.
The Commission finally confirmed the one-match sentence for Olomouc midfielder in the next week and Falta skipped the following duel with Zlín.
Disciplinary Tetteh stopped the activity for foul play David Hovorka, for which he received a red card from the referee Miroslav Zelinka in the 82. th minute.
The alleged spitting of the Ghana player on the captain of the opponent Tomas Součka has not been proven.
The Germans elected Keller to the head of the football union
The new chairman of the German Football Federation was expected to be the boss of Freiburg Fritz Keller. A-year-old winemaker, gastronomer and hotelier was unanimously elected for three years, he did not have a candidate.
Keller replaced Reinhard Grindel, who resigned in April due to an unaccounted income affair. His other predecessors Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach will again go to court for possible bribery in the 2006. World Championships.
Keller said one of the main goals will be to restore the union's confidence and take it out of the crisis. ′′ It won't be a One Man Show, many people will be responsible. The union is better than its reputation," said Keller, who introduced all his tasks under the motto: Together we can do it.
After the election to head of the Federation, Keller left his office in Freiburg.
There was a fire underground ČSA mine in Karviná, no one was injured
There was a fire in the underground of Dolu ČSA in Karviná this morning. The cause of the fire is not yet known. But no one was injured, said a spokesman for the mining company Ivo Čelechovský for CTK.
The fire broke out at 04:25 in the porub at about 1200 meters deep. ′′ Nothing happened to any of the employees, no one was injured. On the spot, Bánski rescuers immediately intervened, who destroyed the fire with direct intervention and performed terrain examination. The workplace was immediately closed and unavailable," said a spokesman. Special commissions will now find out the exact cause of the fire.
In the former Ostrava-Karviná area, coal is already mined only in the Karviná part, in the mines of ČSA, Lazy, Darkov, Czechoslovakia, Czechoslovakia and Czechoslovakia-South. The mining should end in Dole Lazy this year, the other mines await a gradual downturn. OKD mining company is the only producer of black coal in the Czech Republic, its production last year was 4,62 million tonnes. 9000 people working in the mines.
Berlin responds to public pressure and solves housing crisis. Buy 6000 apartments from a private company
Berlin will buy from a private Luxembourg company ADO Properties SA for EUR 920 million (CZK 23,8 billion) 6000 former social apartments sold by the city 15 years ago. This responds to public pressure that rebegs against rocket-rising rent prices. According to Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher for the Left Party (Die Linke), it is the largest such purchase ever in the history of the capital city of Germany. The opposition criticizes the move.
′′ The intention is to maintain stable rentals in Berlin and give tenants certainty," said Berlin mayor Michael Müller (SPD) in a statement. ′′ At the same time, we will continue to build new apartments and legally treat rent freeze," he added. The municipal company Gewobag will take over thousands of apartments located in Spandau and Reinickendorf in the western part of the city this December.
According to Jefferies analyst Thomas Rothäuslera, the city bought too expensive. Bloomberg Rothäusler told the agency that according to his estimation, the housing unit overpaid about ten percent above their carrying amount.
According to the German opposition party Liberals (FDP), Berlin authorities are contributing to property speculation in their progress. FDP tweeted it on Friday. The protest party Alternative for Germany (AfD) marked the ′′ waste of money
In mid-July, Gewobag recovered 670 apartments in Berlin street Karl-Marx-Allee, reminding Der Spiegel weekly on his website. The council did not publish the price then. The dispute over apartments at the former exhibition class from the GDR times accompanied by protests and filled the front pages of the German press. He became a symbol of the difficult situation of tenants in large German cities, wrote a leaf.
The German metropolis used to be famous for low cost of living and low rents. In recent years, however, she has gained an attractiveness. According to the AFP, rent prices have doubled over the past ten years and some residents are difficult to find affordable housing.
Nokia sues the Brno company for the name of Lokia. People don't mistake us, Moravians believe
Nokia objected to the Lokia brand application for the Industrial Property Office. However, according to the CCV, the substitution of products is not likely.
Brno company developing CCV software faces legal steps from Finnish manufacturer Nokia telecommunications equipment. Finns don't like the fact that the program of the Brno company for warehouse management is called Lokia WMS, wrote the journal E15. Nokia therefore objected to the application of the Lokia brand to the Industrial Property Office. CCV thinks confusion is not likely.
Marketing director Petr Ondrášek said that two dozen customers have been using the program, it has been on the market since last September.
′′ The Nokia brand enjoys recognition and confidence around the world. When someone attempts to register a grade we believe may lead to confusion or weakening of our brand, we take steps to protect our valuable asset," said Nokia spokesman Mark Durrant.
Brno developers claim that they did not think about the brand famous for mobile phones in the past when creating a warehouse program. The Lokia designation according to CCV is based on the Latin name for one type of dragonfly whose fast movement is to be analogy of the storekeeper's movement after the warehouse.
′′ On the Czech market, the possibility of confusion is not likely. We sell modern cloud software that companies equip their warehouse operations and we really don't go to mobile phone production. And we do not want to compare to the brand that may be missing a train in his field," CCV manager Tomáš Kormaňák reacted in E15
CCV applied for brand protection in August before the program was placed on the market with the Industrial Property Office. ′′ She requested protection for products and services belonging to Class 9, 35 and 42, because software belongs to Class 9, related business management services in the warehouse belonging to class 35 and computer software development in the class 42 according to international classification," said Ondrášek.
Nokia's objection is based on the fact that the older Nokia trade mark is valid in all product and service classes, thus covering the widest possible spectrum of goods and services and therefore, of course, it also overlaps in classes 9, 35 and 42. ′′ CCV does not question the argument of the opposition when it comes to conformity with these product and service classes. But they are really different brands focused on different target groups," said Ondrášek.
According to E15 brand dispute can take months and the company can complicate its activity.
From Sydney to London in four hours? In 2030 maybe reality
Sabre combines classic aircraft engine with rocket. It's designed to drive the plane twice the speed the Concords flew. ′′ When the Sabre engine is launched, it could allow us to fly to Australia in about four hours," Turnock said. And for example, the distance between London and New York would be able to travel an airplane in one hour.
Independent server notes that the so-called hypersonic flights, where the speed of sound is five times exceeded, are complicated due to engine overheating. However, Sabre (Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) should deal with this problem by using super cold helium, which should prevent temperature rising.
′′ The most important thing about Sabre is that it is a hybrid of a rocket and aircraft engine driven by an exhaust stream made from air," says Shaun Driscoll from Reaction Engines. ′′ Rockets haven't gone through such great developments in the last 70 years, while the aircraft have. So when you combine engines, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and basically create a cosmic plane," he added.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights supposed to start around the middle of next year. Commercial flights then around 2030.
Kovosvit sells administrative building and other halls. He expects worse times
Due to the restructuring, Kovosvit ended last year with a consolidated loss of 100 million crowns, the consolidated turnover was 1,3 billion. Among last year's main problems are the Chef's lack of workers and subcontractors shifts. This year, demand for machining machines decreased by 10 to 20 percent annually. ′′ The expected decrease in turnover by ten percent is related to this," said the CEO. In 2017, Kovosvit had sales of 1,3 billion crowns and 40,1 million after tax. The loss for 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit now offers for sale several properties, halls and lands that either it does not use or just at least. This also applies to an administrative building, where it uses two from five floors, and not quite yet. ′′ Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to slim Kovosvit, streamline its activity. The sale of property is not part of some current solution, for example cash flow, but part of a long-term plan, where we want to devote all resources to investment development," said the CEO.
About half of Kovosvit's production is exported. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, last year to a lesser extent Asia. This year, the Chef is among the most interesting India, where Kovosvit received a contract for machines allowing 100 million crowns of machining. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines for 30 million crowns to China. ′′ Another contract is negotiated in the same volume, which we would like to meet before the end of the year," said Chef. Kovosvit is facing restrictions on the Russian market and elsewhere due to sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centres to France, a company that is a subcontractor of Airbus. This May she was supplied with another machine, one more should be delivered at the end of the year or early 2020.
This year's main company investment was the transition of heating from steam to hot water for 20 million crowns. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average working wage is 28 500 CZK. The company is looking for casting grinders for foundry, machinery, turning and electricians.
The company has been owned since September 2016 by industrialist and armourner Jaroslav Strnad. The company has a tradition in the manufacture of machining machines. Tomáš Baťa founded it in 1939 The company had up to three thousand employees in its time.
Milan Jakubů: The army stole the funeral for itself! Says Andor Shandor
There are still ambiguities around the funeral of Brigadier General Milan Jakub. The media speculated in the week that the military planned the last farewell to the deputy director of Military Intelligence despite the wishes of the family, as bombastic as only soldiers can. There were irregularities about the funeral date. A spokesman for the Ministry of Defense Jan Pejšek denied it.
′′ It's nonsense! We have been in touch with the family from the beginning, Friday funeral date is valid from the beginning, no one changed it. As well as military tributes. We will just deal with possible media participation in relation to the family," said Doggie on Wednesday of Lightning. The funeral will finally take place on Friday and it will not lack all military tributes including fighter flight.
Around the last farewell to the popular general, but still there is a tense atmosphere. Because people who worked with the general in the past will not participate in the decision of the organizers!
For example, it is former chief of military intelligence Andor Shandor (62), who met Milan Jakub 17 years ago. Shandor remembers his former colleague as a hardworking, intelligent and ′′ good guy ".
In addition, he regularly met him in recent years at the anniversary celebrations of the foundation of Military News. That's why he would like to say goodbye to Milan Jakub. ′′ I personally would go to Milan Jakub's funeral," said Lightning Shandor. But he can't.
′′ I also know of other people from the organization who would like to go, but they are unlucky because the potentati will enjoy the funeral for themselves. I don't think it's right to privatize a funeral like this," said the security expert. He is not playing the allegedly considered closure of the ceremony for the public due to the secret of military tips.
′′ Army leadership is not classified and military intelligence leaders are not either, because they need to be promoted in Prague Castle, we see them there. If the media information is true and the family actually got warned by the military, it's of course family business. Personally, I would never allow the army to beat the family and their wishes," Shandor closed.
Milan Jakuby died on Saturday near Špindlerova Mlyn in a car accident. Milan's Rapid headquarters collision with Ford Mustang allegedly caused by sports car driver Vojtěch Ch. (31).
The amateur racer in the corner was supposed to drive into oncoming traffic, Milan Jakubs probably had no chance to prevent the collision. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the accident and is likely to suffer the consequences for the rest of her life. Police interviewed the culprit on Thursday.
Jan Šindeláře's comment: Run the railways as a company
Heaven's election, although apparently not quite smooth, is the completion of the sad story of the state's inability to give railways a clear direction. The board has been incomplete for over a year and even after Wednesday evening it doesn't change because one of the members resigned. The provisorium lasts.
The tendering procedure itself was a farce from the beginning because the requirements for candidates mainly in the field of practice were significantly reduced. Compared to last year's selection, the requirements for the size of the company in which the candidate was supposed to operate in the past have been reduced. First members of the selection committee and then the supervisory board played only the role of pimprlat.
The Sky probably presented the weakest professional resume of five finalists, but without practice from a large company, he smashed experienced guys from the leadership of logistics giants and transport companies. The participation of interesting private sector managers was probably the brightest aspect (even the best hope) of the whole process. Today, the people know that they only played the role of the expedition backdrop in the political game.
Maybe Heavenly will surprise, show great talent and eventually prove to be the best railroad boss of all time. But at least in the beginning, the taste of political newsagents will accompany it. Czech Railways do not expect a light period, they must deal with competition in liberalization of the market and lack of employees in operation. Drivers, displacement and mechanics are missing. What motivation should they have for their next job and respect for management when the state behaves like an elephant in a porcelain in a top leadership?
The second important group is creditors. How to play in the head of the railways will unload, we will see next spring when the railways defend the rating. Certainly, creditors perceive instability. Sadly, someone else goes to Moody's to defend rating every year for Czech Railways. The agency frequent changes in railway management and political influence on the company did not escape, it criticized them this summer.
The ANO movement hits the motto among other things that the state needs to be managed as a company. For starters, it would be enough if one big state firm was run as a company and not as a state. Czech Railways are still one of the largest companies in the country and it would be good if the best ones led them. They reported, but the state despised them. Certainly, it can be argued that the position at the head of the railways has always been a political issue. But then we can forgive ourselves for buffoonery with selection procedures.
The couple wrapped the female with tape and drowned in the river, the children found the bag
The case took place at the end of July in the village around Wallachian Hat. A-year-old woman brought home a donated dog one to two years old, which she wanted to care for. But her ten years older partner did not like the fact that she was a dog, so he decided to get rid of her.
′′ He wrapped the animal with duct tape and rope and significantly eliminated his voice speech. He put the dog in a jute bag he tied. Then they took the animal together to the river where they threw it in the bag. At the moment the dog was thrown into the water, the dog was proven to live," said Zlín police spokesman Monika Kozumplíková.
The following day, children playing by the river found a jute bag on the shore. When they opened it, they discovered the body of a dead dog inside. They therefore called to a woman passing by and ran away. A woman announced the event on the emergency police line 158.
′′ Police officers, thanks to knowledge of the town's residents, found out who is probably the perpetrator of this incredible crime. And they weren't wrong. Both male and female confessed to the act and described how the event took place," a police spokesman added.
A professional statement from veterinary medicine confirmed that the dog died in a clearly agonizing way due to suffocation, when the animal suffered in a few minutes before death.
′′ The act of the offenders no doubt shows a clear intention to get rid of the animal at all costs in this despicable way, even though they could donate or sell the dog. The Commissioner of the Criminal Police from Zlín accused the couple of committing a crime of animal cruelty committed in the co-conspiracy. Both so far unpunished charges could spend up to three years behind bars in case of conviction," Kozumplíková noted.
Thank you for dancing! Singer Leonard Cohen will be released posthumously the last album
The album Thank you for the dance (Thanks for the Dance) will include unreleased material and various musical collaborations, which were put together by the singer's son. The album will be released on November 22.
In October 2016, the album You Want it Darker was released on which Cohen collaborated with his son Adam. Asked him to help him finish the individual songs. On an intimate recording Cohen symbolically copes with the approaching death. He died a month after the album was released at the age of 82
Seven months later Adam Cohen started working on the materials he had left of his father. He invited a number of musicians - randomly Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mase or singer Beck.
′′ When we invented music for Father's words, we used his own characteristic musical practices. So he is still with us," Adam Cohen said to the album. ′′ What amazes me most about him is the reactions of those who have already heard him. One at a time they say Leonard is still alive," he added.
The first swallow of the album is a short song The Goal (Target). ′′ I'm almost alive, I'm almost home," Cohen sings its characteristic honey voice. He sang about death, he knew he wouldn't live to see the release of new material. He admitted it even in an interview with The New Yorker magazine a month before he died. ′′ I'm ready to die. I hope it won't be too unpleasant," he said.
In September 2018 Adam Cohen published his father's poetry collection called The Flame. Czech will be released under the name of Flame on December 31. at Argo publishing house.
First Miss Christa finally went into herself: She lost a few kilos and immediately saw
The first modern miss of 1989 Ivana Christová (49) had years of overweight problems, causing her not only physical problems, but especially psychological ones. She suffered because she has changed a lot since Miss Czechoslovakia. But now it looks like she took the complaints to heart and went to battle with excess pounds. Even if it's a long run.
She used to be a first-class beauty who conquered Paris. But thirty years have passed since then and Ivana Christová can only remember the beauty pageant. Not only for fame but also for how skinny she was.
Over time, she decided not to follow strict modeling rules, which ordered her to be as slim as possible and often not to eat. She decided to stop listening and started indulging in what she wanted.
But she went from starvation to overeating, which immediately signed on her character. Moreover, the kilos tried to cover up various loose clothes, but it added to the size of the cyprus.
Now it looks like Ivana was really into herself. She has visibly lost weight, started to dress tastefully and appropriately to her fuller figure.
She surprised everyone present at the baptism of Milos Zapletal book (75) that she saw again and has back the features of the charming brunette, who entered history in 1989 not only as the first winner of Miss after the revolution, but also by what controversy her victory caused I'm sorry.
Christová will forever be the first winner of beauty, but also the first one, where the viewers in the Palace of Culture and Sport in Ostrava whistled as their senses deprived when she put on her crown.
′′ Parody of justice." The scientist warned against cancer from pollution, sitting in a Turkish jail
Sik and other scientists participated in a study given by the Turkish Ministry of Health between 2011 and 2015 Its conclusion was that water, soil and food pollution in some industrial areas in the west of the country is related to increased cancer incidence among local residents.
Scientists mainly mentioned the industrial zone Dilovasi, which lies approximately 80 kilometers from Istanbul, where many chemical and metallurgical plants are located. According to them, people living in her surroundings suffer from cancer far more often than the international average.
Erdogan revenge for a coup, international criticism despite
Siko thought that despite the clear conclusions of the study, the government did not take any measures on the matter. He therefore wrote several articles about research into the opposition journal Cumhuriyet. Authorities subsequently prosecuted him for disclosing classified information.
′′ The study clearly showed the extent to which water sources were contaminated with toxic substances," Sik said after passing a sentence to journalists. ′′ The court's decision shows that the results of studies directly related to public health can be concealed. This is unacceptable," the scientist added.
′′ Turkish authorities should investigate this significant public health problem instead of chasing people through the courts," said Andrew Gardner from the Turkish branch AI.
Organizations dealing with environmental and human rights are long-term accusing the Turkish government of not enforcing environmental regulations despite the rapid development of industry in certain regions.
Following a lost coup of 2016, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's regime launched an extensive wave of arrests. There are now nearly 80 people behind bars, including a number of Cumhuriyet employees. Authorities also stood off duty or completely dismissed 150 000 civil servants and armed forces.
Opposition and human rights organizations accuse the government of using the coup attempt to persecute its opponents. However, the authorities defend themselves by taking measures necessary to ensure national security.
The fastest man on the planet missed tests. I don't take anything, they defend themselves
Traditionally, a very well-watched fight for the fastest man of the planet will be in the world championship, hurry to advocate for silver Christian Coleman. The 9,81-year-old American is the leader of the world's tables in time of 9,81 seconds and lost only once this year. But his start at the top of the season was threatened due to a case with missed doping exams.
USADA closed his case early September without pressing charges due to formal reasons. Coleman did not pass three doping exams last year and this year, but not within 12 months. His first wrongdoing was the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) back to April 1., 2018, which is to the beginning of the second quarter, but he left out the test itself on June 6. And since the third omission occurred on April 29., 2019, Coleman did not commit wrongdoing in the form of three failed checks within 12 months.
Coleman argued that he only forgot to update the data in the app about the places of athletes stay. ′′ I don't do drugs or take anything legal. Many athletes use legal creatine or protein powder or various other accessories for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I work hard and that's what it's about," he said before the World Championship started.
The only defeat from six of this year's launches at suffered at the Diamond League in Shanghai, where the countryman Noah Lyles surpassed him by just six thousandth of a second. He used Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League finals, but only two hundred will run at the World Championship.
The paper's second fastest racer is the 9,86-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who has succeeded only in American university competitions.
The 9,87.-year-old American Justin Gatlin will defend the title, who sparkled with time in Stanford in June 9,87. The last hundred in Zagreb ran for only 10,29, because he slightly injured his back femur muscle.
South African Akani Simbine, three times Olympic medalist from Rio Andre de Grasse, or European champion Zharnel Hughes, is one of the favorites. The fastest Jamaican is the 9,96 World Champion of 2011 Yohan Blake with time.
The men's hundred will start on Friday with a round and runs. The semifinals and finals are on Saturday. The medal will be held at 21:15 CET.
Airplane crash near Žinkova in Pilsen: Two people did not survive the accident
Two people travelled on the plane, a man († 63) and a woman († 38). ′′ The plane at 38 pm asked permission to land at the Cottage Airport near Klatov, said police spokesman Dana Ladmanová. This was also the last footage, at that time it should have been located near Vojovice near Žinkov.
But it didn't reach klatovské airport anymore. The missing aircraft that sent out a distress signal immediately began to search. ′′ In addition to the police and military helicopter was involved," said police spokesman Martina Korandová. Happy ending but the search party didn't have.
In the forest near Petrovice near Měčína, which is about six kilometers from where the plane was last reported, a helicopter crew noticed before nine o'clock in the morning. ′′ We found a plane and two bodies without signs of life," confirmed Korandová.
The crashed machine remained partly wedged in tree branches, pieces fell to the ground nearby. ′′ We will find out the cause of the accident in cooperation with experts and staff of the Institute for Professional Detection of the causes of aircraft accidents," Korandová added.
Civilization in borrowed time
Recently I remembered a beautiful ′′ quote ′′ from one of the great short stories of Šimka and Grossmann taking place partly in a cemetery, which reads as follows: ′′ I warned her that she was crying well, but on a stranger's grave!" I thought that very similar now many world's politicians engaged in a senseless fight against climate change are behaving.
They act like humans ruled on planet earth. In reality, we are just a speck on her surface, which she can blow out with her olive forces like a sharp breath of wind flame of candle. Probably few of them watch famous British and American science documents discussing the destruction of our blue marble. After all, it would be enough for some of the larger active volcanoes to ′′ fart ′′ properly and our advanced civilization will be fooled.
And that this will happen in the near future is highly likely. Many large volcanoes are ′′ loaded and armed ′′ (for example Katla in Iceland) in the opinion of leading volcanologists.
In a way, it would be ideal if the eruption, if it must happen once, would happen as soon as possible. Even before trillions of dollars are wasted on measures to reduce carbon dioxide production, because any heavily angry volcano, together with dust and toxic volcanic gases can release at least a hundred times more into the air than was spared at the expense of Europe's population.
Therefore, reducing CO2 production makes no sense. Moreover, it has been scientifically proven that with its significantly higher proportion in the air, plants form more biological matter and are also more resistant to drought. For mankind, possible warming is significantly more favorable than, for example, the rapid return of the Ice Age would be.
If we realize the still insufficiently explored impact of solar cycles on the earth's climate, we have to come to one reasonable conclusion: Let's try hard to keep the Earth as clean as possible and other changes with which we cannot measure with strength, let's try to adjust to the least costs!
Repair of the Krkonose museum will be a year late
The administration of Krkonoše National Park (KRNAP) by three weeks shifted the date of submission of offers to the second tender for repair of the Krkonoše Museum in Vrchlabí. The original opening date for the envelopes was September 20., said a spokesman for the National Park Radek Drahný. The reason for postponing the deadline for submitting offers is to reduce the budget from 110 million crowns to 83 million crowns.
′′ We are currently working with prices that are on the market. Budget changed, the price we expect to be offered. If someone submits an offer that will be acceptable, the work will start as soon as possible," said Dear.
Compared to the original plans, the opening of the museum repair is about a year late. KRNAP wanted to have a selected construction part supplier by the end of last year and this spring to start construction work. According to the management of the National Park Administration, European subsidies of 123 million crowns are not threatened for the project.
The KRNAP administration is not able to select a construction company for museum repairs. The second competition was launched this summer, because in the previous tenders all companies offers significantly exceeded the expected price of 65 million. Offers exceeded 100 million crowns.
The museum, which is located in the former Augustinian monastery and belongs to the KRNAP Administration, is closed since autumn 2017. The selected company should provide the construction part of the project. The total cost including building a new exposure is estimated at 210 million crowns. The now cleared object should be created by the end of 2021 after the transformation of the exposures of the KRNAP visitor center.
A repaired museum with a new interactive exposure, which should be a story of nature and people in the mountains and build on a successful exhibition of Stone and Life, should serve as a representative entrance gate of the Krkonoše. The visitor's center should provide the most understandable form of information about the past and present of the Giant Mountains and motivate people to discover and protect mountains. It should also take over the role of a traditional museum. The center will also offer opportunities for concerts, festivals, theater performances or lectures under the sky. The plans are to build a new entrance to the building, the creation of a researcher or a kavárny.
Hydrogen Toyota still believes, preparing the second generation of Mirai car
Toyota Mirai should never have been just a concept. Toyota was so serious about her that even though there was practically no hydrogen pumping infrastructure in the world, she still put it on offer. Not exactly standard, the customer had to really go after this car, but no one else offered such a variant then.
Toyota's boss Takeshi Uchiyamada at the international conference on hydrogen confirmed that next generation will be coming next year. Toyota still believes that these cars have a future and will be affordable to hybrids within ten years. Of course this is connected to the development of pumping networks. However, the future is connected to hydrogen just like electricity.
The conference often bowed down the word hydrogen with the needs of ecological operation not cars, but on the contrary, large tractors, ships, trains etc. Simply the means of transport that need to be overcame for one long distance refueling. Pure accumulator versions cannot offer that. Toyota could find new outlets due to great experience and long development.
It remains to be remembered that like Toyota, Hyundai believes hydrogen drive, which now offers hydrogen crossover Nexo.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right shade of lipstick: There is not just one red
When choosing red lipstick you should first determine whether you are a warm or cold type. Try a simple test - see the veins on your wrist. If you are in blue, you are a cold type, if you are green, then you are one of the types of warm. When choosing a new red lipstick, put the first place on the undertones. Take into account the texture in the next one.
If you are joining women with cold undertone, then lipsticks for purple, plum, cherry or mauve color are suitable for you.
If you fall into the category of warm skin underton, choose such lipsticks. You can tell them by gravity to orange, coral, gold or brown glare.
It may happen to you that some veins look greener and others look blue. Congratulate yourself in that case - you don't have to look at the undertone and you can only focus on your color preferences.
Purpose slander? The Usti Zoo is looking for a new vet, no one is interested
Last time this month. The city management attributes to the slander that developed around the former director of the zoo and at the same time the vet Václav Poživila, that he intended to kill exotic animals he cared for. For example, it was a female Zambu rhinoceros, Kalu elephant orangutan Ňuňáka.
The city council therefore announced a new contract. ′′ For veterinary care for the zoo with an expected value of 3,5 million crowns without VAT and for the city Center for Animals in Need with an expected value of 2,8 million crowns without VAT," the municipal spokesman Romana Macová approached.
Deputy Mayor Vera Nechybová (UFO) explained that the city announces a competition for veterinary services for the third time. ′′ Dr. Poživil must have explained the unsubstantiated suspicions. I consider it an outrageous dehonestation of such a quality expert," she noted.
Experts specializing in exotic animals are very few, according to her. ′′ It's definitely nothing pleasant. Meanwhile, the zoo provides veterinary care in the form of orders," she said. Orders and contract cost the same money. ′′ The garden, however, must comply with the public procurement law in the financing," said a spokesman for the zoo Nikola Roštejnská.
Václav Poživil himself is one of the recognized experts. For example, he participated in a unique operation, where ústecká cheetah Jane got total endoprosthesis as the first cheetah in the world. He performed the function of the zoo director from 2009 to 2012. He did not comment on his person in any way. Yesterday he didn't accept phone calls or respond to text messages.
Regarding the zoo contract, some veterinarian think that in zero interest in it there is not necessarily concerns about similar purpose accusations, as in his case, but simply just a small information. For example, the Usti veterinarian Jiří Král has not heard of her yet. ′′ I've heard it from you for the first time. No one approached us. Such a thing will spread quickly, I think," he added.
The new subway architect will oversee the D line, she brings experience from London underground
Prague transport company selected an architect to oversee the form of a metropolitan metro. Anna Švarc will become her from October, her first task will be the appearance of the new D line, but she will also be in charge of existing stations. According to her, the metro cannot be viewed only as a traffic construction, underground travel should also bring an aesthetic experience.
Czech architect, who participated in the reconstruction of three London metro stations, won a selection procedure written by the Prague transport company (DPP).
In addition to this, 14 other applicants participated in Tendru. ′′ Part of the selection procedure included a motivational letter and a resume. Apparently my previous London practice decided, where I created a kind of aesthetic manual for the metro there," new metro architect approaches. According to her, her practice from the Institute of Planning and Development of Prague could also decide.
Metro does not just see as a traffic fukn building. Stations should also have aesthetic value.
′′ I have ideas about how the metro will change, how the space will improve, I have. But how it will be realistically, I will not know until the next few weeks, when the transport company introduces me to its ideas," says Švarc.
′′ It is not a series of dogmas, but rather recommendations, which aims to maintain the context of all stations in case they are reconstructed," the design manual approaches.
Whether a similar tool is also a way to improve public space in Prague metro is a question. Prague metro is specific. ′′ Whether the manual is ideal or whether a person can cover it, I really don't know yet," Švarc closes.
Former French president Chirac will be buried on Monday, public pieta will be on Sunday
The funeral of former French president Jacques Chirac, who died Thursday at 86 years old, will take place on Monday evening at the Parisian Montparnasse cemetery. French media will inform about this with a reference to Chirac family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to say goodbye to the former head of state on Sunday afternoon during the piet in Paris Invalidovna, where the coffin with Chirac's remains will be exposed, the Elysean Palace announced.
According to AFP, crowds of people have been flowing to the president's seat since Thursday evening to sign into the condolence book. This will be possible until Sunday. On Monday, President Emmanuel Macron declared a state of sadness.
Meanwhile, there are further responses to the death of former mayor of Paris and the president from 1995 to 2007, whom Prime Minister Édouard Philippe called ′′ French in the true sense ".
Chiraca was remembered by the Japanese, for the politician was known for his love for their country and the sport of sumo. The report of the death of the former French president appeared on the front page of all Japanese journals, including sports ones, the French press notices.
The Stem Art Museum at the Parisian Quai Branly class, which Chirac founded, will not collect admission for ten days in honor of former state head of state.
Pumpkin world opening delayed pumpkin maturing
New Ves near Leština (Havlíčkobrodsko) - The farm in Nová Vsi near Leština in Havlíčkobrodsku opened today for more than a month. Decorations stacked from thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins dominates the garden of massive orange pyramids. The autumn event, which is becoming a tradition, starts a week later this year, as pumpkins matured on the surrounding seven hectares of the Pipkovy family longer. There are still a lot of them in the field, said CTK Jaroslava Pipková today.
Pipks grow many types of pumpkins, but the last two years the weather was not good for them. This year's harvest was delayed and some species did not work out. ′′ As usual, we have enough orange pumpkins for Halloween, but some species for connoisseurs failed," said Pipková. Still, you can choose from multiple types at the farm, from the already mentioned large pumpkins suitable for carving and paving decorations through pumpkins for cooking hokaido or elongated ′′ spaghetti ′′ to ornamental pumpkins of different colors and shapes.
Pumpkin growing is laborious. Farmers manually kick plants and harvest their fruits, cut off the pumpkin stem with scissors. Pumpkin world has been opened to Pipka regularly since 2010, past years attracted thousands of people. Pumpkin decoration is complemented by attractions from straw or maze from log. Visitors will also see farm animals. It will be open daily until November 3. th.
Details for action are on the farm website, where growers offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, even for pumpkin muffins or juice. Visitors themselves tell them about other options for pumpkin treatment in the kitchen. ′′ A lot of cookbooks have tried their recipes, we will be inspired too," said Pipková. She pointed out that some housekeepers also load pumpkins on sour as cucumbers.
The voucher flat rate has been planned by the Ministry since 2021. Nothing changes tax
The MF prepares an amendment to the income tax bill, according to which an employee would receive money for food directly. According to the MF, according to the MF, a quarter of employees, about a million people who do not receive food stamps yet.
However, according to the chairman of the Association of Operators of David Rýce voucher systems, many small companies that do not have a canteen or food stamps, provide their employees with meals, for example by importing food or agreement with restaurants.
′′ The essence of the intention is that we don't change anything about tax advantage. He will not pay for health and social insurance," Schillerová said on Friday. She added that the limit for the employer's maximum contribution would be maintained as a tax discount.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the price of the voucher. The remaining part is paid by employees, in some cases the employer pays them, but without a tax discount. The best value of food stamps for employees and employers is CZK 123
Přindiš, Sparkler and Fišerová safely advance to the semi-finals of the World Championship
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec and canoeist Tereza Fišerová safely advance to the semi-finals of the World Water Slalom Championship in Seu d ' Urgell. Přindiš was fourth in Friday's qualifying, Sparkler fifth and Fisher eighth. Three more Czech representatives will seek a semi-final start in the afternoon repair qualifying ride in Spain.
Vavřinec Hradilek failed from a strong representative group of kayakers, who received a-second penalty for incorrect passage of the goal at the beginning of the ride. On the contrary, Přindiš and Sparkler can relax and focus on Sunday's semi-finals.
′′ I set my goal to drive it through the first ride to thirty, which I did. Not that I don't care how I turned out, because Sunday starts very early in the morning, so I was hoping to get a little higher to have a better default position," said Přindiš and complimented the well-being in Seu. ′′ Before the patrol race I felt the worst in 14 days since we've been here. But then during the race it was good and better today. It's beautiful all the time, nice races, the viewers came, so fine," he laughed.
Even the sparkler was satisfied. ′′ In qualifying one does not want to make a useless mistake. I didn't really like it in the first goals. Then I drove the center perfectly, without problems and knew I had a mileage, so there was a second mistake when I wanted to go down directly and turned the erka around. Overall I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, let's see how it goes next," said this year's overall World Cup winner.
Both representatives commended that on Sunday they will go to the start at the end of the semi-final block. ′′ I'm not an early bird, it's also cold in the morning, and when you're here for eight, it needs a jacket and a sweatshirt," said Přindiš. ′′ Overall, it takes the semi-finals an hour and a half, which makes a pretty good difference in terms of sleep," Sparkler agreed.
Only Fišerová succeeded from the trio of Czech singkanoists, Eva Říhová finished two places behind the advance twenty, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35. ′′ I drove the upper part according to my imagination, in the middle passage I found that I was not late and did not go as planned, but I managed to get to Comfortable footprint I wanted to take. I made two hits and I'm just behind the winner of clean time. I have a good starting position for the semi-finals," Fisherová praised herself.
Coal will retreat to gas and core. Renewable resources will not cover increased demand, says the chief of European ExxonMobile
Renewable resources will not be enough for the Czech Republic to satisfy future demand for energy. Due to the unsuitable climate, wind and solar power plants need to be added with other alternatives, such as those using natural gas.
In an interview for HN, Philippe Ducom, president of the European branch of the American ExxonMobil group, says it one of the biggest global oil miners. At the same time, it mentions that the large storage facilities to store unused energy from days when both sun and wind are still too expensive.
Ducom visited the ExxonMobil Center in Prague, where 1200 people work, whose mission is to support the business activities of the company and ensure logistics and other services needed for the functioning of the company.
Declaration of the end of the right wing in the House or What ′′ right wing ′′ coalition of the ods, TOP 09, STAND and KDU?
Recently reports of the upcoming coalition of mentioned parties have appeared in the media and comments. Many applaud that the ′′ right wing ′′ is finally coming together, but I wonder why these parties are still calling themselves right wing.
Apart from the new Tricolor movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a right-wing party. And it doesn't matter how the subjects are labeled themselves or what marking the mainstream media parrot. The ODS is hardly central on its average of the top politicians of this party, the TOP 09 is clearly the party of the city's pseudoliberal left (which is ashamed of its leftist, so it is hypocritically referred to as conservative or even right wing). The tent is a party that basically blends together with the top 09 with its conception, ideology and voter targeting (the reason for its existence is simply not clear to me). And KDU even labels itself as centrist in the long term - but their political compass is much more to the left than they say.
Do you feel like I took all of them out of one water clean? No, I am based on the real political actions of these parties. If I consider myself a classically liberal right-wing voter, the highest value of individual freedom, free market and state interference in the life of individuals and economics is the highest value. How do these general assumptions of right-wing parties fulfil? How many laws chopping people's freedoms by salami method, raising taxes, confirming new regulations and increasing supervision, raising links to the socialist EU or supporting environmental and gender insanity in recent years? Very, very much. Not their own stickers, but actions identify them. These parties, despite all kinds of declarations or partial concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And this has nothing to do with right wing.
Coalition cooperation TOP 09, STAN and KDU, I would not be surprised at all, on the political map simply belongs together and except for Christian or gay and gender aspects in them for voters in the sense of the state's influence on their lives, I basically do not see the obvious difference. However, the ODS has long been portrayed as ′′ the only right wing ′′ and by connecting with these three entities, it no longer reveals its true political inclusion.
By the way, when I briefly mentioned the stickers. Have you noticed how often all these parties completely agree and cheaply identify criticisms of conductor and socialism coming from the European Union as pro-Russian agents? Don't they or just don't want to understand that there are many people who don't smell as strongly as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Don't they by any chance hide their total argumentative incompetence and the unjustified or blind adoration of eurounian ratios?
It is simply possible that in the Czech Republic, other than central politics, the Czech Republic no longer has a chance of greater success. Maybe that's the kind of connection voters really want. Maybe they want left-wing politics under the cloak of the ′′ right wing ′′ because they are ashamed of their political beliefs (or can't even identify it). I don't know. I'm not one of those voters though.
The unresolved death of a girl († 8) in Příbramsku: The guilt does not await a punishment
Uncertain cases are called ′′ monuments ′′ in criminal slang. But even those are investigated if new information comes up after years. Especially when it comes to the death of a child. Criminalist Jiří Markovič managed to investigate the murder of two girls in Prokopském valley in Prague, 12 years old. ′′ The case from 1955? This will be hard, very hard. It would be necessary to find a file for starters, it may no longer exist, talk to those who investigated it. There is always hope, but it would be really hard," Markovic says.
During the previous regime, the public has not been very informed about violent crimes, but according to Markovic, this certainly does not mean that they would be investigated laxly. ′′ It's always been up to specific people," the CSI thinks. The problem is that materials from the 50. s can be destroyed, although uncovered cases should not be shredded.
Father Lucie Bílá was not a fan of her at all. You won't believe what she was supposed to do for a living!
Who doesn't know that Lucie Bílá National Treasure (53) is the original profession of seamstress and Hana Zaňáková, probably does not live in the Czech Republic. But the singer herself has now revealed that she almost worked in the glassworks!
Lucie Bílá knew from a rather early age that she wanted to be a singer. The love of singing was born there when she performed as a young girl in a cultural house in Otvovice, where the foam still lives.
′′ And I remember exactly where mommy was sitting. That's when I was born a singer," she admitted to Impulsa radio.
But her father was a little worried about his daughter's future and recommended her to take the course of a craft that has a golden bottom.
′′ Dad always said: ' Craft girl, craft. Walk your feet on the ground! ' He even convinced me to go to the local glass shop. The glassworks don't work anymore, I pretty much do. I am a trained seamstress and at home I make beads into various rosaries and pendants, which I auction at auction and buy wheelchairs with money," she added with laughter.
The launch of a new toll is not threatened, Kremlík reports. But there is a change of operator in the game
On Friday the Ministry of Transport started preparing a new tender for the operation of a new toll system. This is a backup plan that the state would use if the current toll contract was legally cancelled. In addition, the state is also preparing another temporary solution if the tendr could not finish in time. The Minister of Transport Vladimír Kremlík (for YES) said it on Facebook.
The Competition Office (ÚOHS) banned the implementation of the toll agreement between the state and the CzechToll / SkyToll consortium on Thursday, with an annual postponement. The Ministry will decompose against this.
′′ The launch of a new toll selection system is not compromised. Starting today we start preparing a new transparent procurement procedure, which will be the subject of services of the operation of the new toll system, which is now completing the CzechToll and SkyToll consortium," said the minister.
The state would look for an operator of the currently prepared toll, which will be launched from this December. Therefore, it would not be a competition for a brand new toll system, as was the case with the last tender, nor the use of the old system now operated by Kapsch.
According to Kremlík, the Ministry is also preparing for the fact that it would not be able to prepare a new tender in time. ′′ Based on the experience of the toll tenders, I am deeply convinced that ÚOHS is wrong and that at the time of 12 months it is objective to prepare and implement such difficult procurement procedures and pass on the operation of the toll system to a new operator," he said.
The resort will therefore prepare a temporary solution in addition to the new procurement procedure, which would solve toll selection for a temporary period until the state finds a full form of solution.
The state will probably not yet take advantage of the offer presented to it by the current toll manager Kapsch in recent days. Austrian state company offered to operate an existing system in case the toll contract was cancelled.
The Kremlin also reiterated that he believes that a backup plan will not be needed. Therefore, the Ministry will submit a decomposition against the decision of the antitrust office.
ÚOHS issued a decision on Thursday banning the toll contract. However, the ban will start to apply only a year after the Authority's decision. This is not competent and can be dismantled against the chairman of the office. The Ministry and CzechToll therefore continue to prepare a new toll that should be launched in December.
The CzechToll / SkyToll consortium won in last year's tender for a new toll system and its operators. Successed in a toll tender with an offer of 10,75 billion crowns for ten years of operation. The current operator Kapsch protested against the trend and validity of the toll contract, who failed to offer over 13 billion crowns in the competition.
I still see myself as a boy who is just looking out for now says Jan Cina
′′ This was a big school for everyone who worked on it. Falling in love with afro dancing there. The way I have something Roma in me, I was completely enchanted by it," said Jan Cina, who considers himself mainly a musical actor.
Much fresher memories than the first step has a role as a painter in the new movie National Class. Cina revealed that director Štěpán Altrichter must have attracted him a lot. ′′ The job was challenging, but the result is worth it. The film was created a year ago. Hard and honest but fun at the same time It was spinning at National Class, where I drove my car as a non-driver. There was a lot of spinning in the South Bohemian city in Prague," he said to the Czech-German co-production picture.
Even though he is nominated for the Thalia Award for a role in the production of Little Prince, he does not consider it the peak of his career. ′′ I don't feel this way. I still see myself as a boy who's just looking around for now. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I can see the peak far ahead of me," he revealed that he hadn't even thought about the thank you speech in case of victory. ′′ Not really, but as a kid, listening to discussion shows on the radio, I always imagined talking to people."
Jan Cina has been living with colleague Petr Vančurou for thirteen years. What is his recipe for a happy relationship? ′′ To love each other and to see problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," he revealed and remembered the Czech Lions award, when his friend fell on the stairs.
′′ Yes, it really happened. He had new slippery shoes and the red carpet was slippery too. So it didn't take long to lay on the ground. He made it a priority. He had a workshop of Vančurovy steps where he taught how to safely fall down stairs at VIP events."
Děčínská zoo rejoices in little macaque
′′ Our group is currently seven members. Her youngest member came into the world on August 17., Buffy female gave birth to him and is her fifth child, the father is the male Hitam. The first days after giving birth, the female carried a baby firmly attached to the body and for a long time she did not want to show the world whether she gave birth to a male or a female. At about three weeks of the age of the baby, but she started to postpone him for a while and the nurses have known for a few days that he is a male," said a spokesman for the Zoo Alena Houšková, saying that the děčínská zoo successfully raised 12 young of this kind I'm sorry.
Poppies are so-called endemites of Sulawesi island, which means they don't live elsewhere in the wild. The typical sign is black fur and a cholka on the head, according to which they have a name. Macaque crochets live in rainforests, especially at lower altitudes.
They feed like most primates on plant and animal food. In the menu, the fruits of forest trees prevail very significantly, complementing flowers and leaves. It solves the need for protein by eating small arthropods, larvae and to a lesser extent bird's eggs and pups.
′′ If we neglect the natural enemies that are python, everything else was written on his own. Local residents hunt macaques as their favorite prey with tasty meat and fur. The burning and felling of the rainforest is fatal for these animals," the spokesman added.
Germany reports the first case of disease with West Nile fever from a mosquito on its territory. This is related to climate change
Mosquitoes can also transmit malaria besides West Nile fever for example.
Germany announced on Friday the first case of a person being infected with West Nile fever on German territory after pinching an infected mosquito. DPA informed about this. Until now all the sick have been infected with the virus while traveling or contacting sick animals. According to experts, the groundbreaking case of disease is related to climate change.
Robert Koch Institute stated that a-year-old man from Saxony was infected with the virus. The disease had a serious course and due to brain inflammation he was treated in a hospital in Leipzig. He is now healthy.
West Nile fever virus was first demonstrated in Uganda in 1937 Meanwhile, it has expanded to large parts of Africa, Asia and Europe and in the 90. s to the United States. Its bearers are mainly birds and also mosquitoes that get infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state companies are supposed to go through selection procedures. The law can be circumvented, says the opposition
′′ This is a typical bill that is useless," said the chairman of the ods Zbyněk Stanjura parliamentary club.
After several failed attempts, the Chamber of Deputies approved changes to prevent opaque distribution of functions in the future - critics talk about newsagents - in state companies. Newly, applicants should go through a selection procedure in a given ministry and will be assessed by the government committee for staff nominations.
However, this is a compromise solution that the ODS dislikes, for example, because it allegedly allows ministers to make excuses that selection commissions are responsible for any poor choice of state managers. In addition, the opinion of the ministerial committee will not be binding. The Senate and President Miloš Zeman has yet to approve the news.
Přerov: The driver crashed near Kokory village: He died wedged in his Fabia
A tragic traffic accident occurred on Friday on a straight section between Přerovem and Kokory. The 28-year-old Fabia driver failed to handle the steering and went off the road. The car flipped over to the roof and he remained wedged under it. He didn't survive injuries sustained.
′′ According to the initial information found on the spot, a passenger vehicle moving in the direction of Kokory outside the communication, where it flipped to the roof and the driver remained wedged under the vehicle," said přerovská police spokesman Miluše Zajícová for the news server. cz.
And where are the viewers? Doha can't be London
At the same time, however, it is a step back, as the pilgrimage to Doha voluntarily and consciously waived the riveting atmosphere, which is dominated at a sold out stadium in London 2017 and last year at the European Berlin European Championship.
Giant banners on Doha skyscraper walls invite you to the ′′ biggest sporting event of 2019 ". However, concerns about how dignified her backdrop will be.
′′ Tickets for the goal are sold out for all evenings," the organizers said.
But it's too little.
Khalifa stadium with a total capacity of 40 thousand viewers is already covered with varied sails, showing the flags of 209 participating countries. Athletics have embarked on a territory in Qatar, where despite the annual Diamond League meeting, it has no roots.
So let's not be surprised that last week only 50 thousand tickets were sold for ten days of the championship, although their price started with 60 Qatar rials, that is, in conversion to less than 400 crowns.
The organizers have now set a goal for the uncovered parts of the bleachers to fill at least half. Therefore, according to sources of the British list Giuardian allegedly (even though the organizers themselves deny it) give free tickets to migrants who work as workers and also children. Which Sebastian Coe, head of the IAAF athletic association, can comment positively: ′′ This is how we can inspire future generations."
Rich Qatar has won world championships in handball and cycling in the past, after athletics, football will come in 2022 Financial offers of oil power will always be lucrative for rich sports federations. This is the reality of today's sports world.
But even though we approach it and neglect the absence of fans in the stadium, we will not resist the purely sporty sigh that experiment with the first outdoor athletic world championship on the Arabian peninsula should have been better timing by IAAF leaders - and for another year. Extremely late deadline, climate-forced, crashes the whole scheme of the season in the pre-Olympic year and thus preparation for the key Olympic season, which would normally start with athletes in October.
Perhaps Qatar will make up for it with technological innovations, with which he promises ultra-modern and attractive championships. Is it 37 degrees right now? The stadium area is already artificially air-conditioned to twenty. And advanced cameras, built right in blocks, are supposed to bring the TV viewers closer to what happens in athletes in a hundredths of a second before and after the starter shot.
Sparta is really loaded this year, acknowledges Hradec bek Nedomlel
In his case, increased motivation is more than understandable. Hradec hockey defender Richard Nedomlel will go against the club where he recently worked on Friday's match. But the former Spartan is convinced that his teammates will be similar, although they never dressed the Jersey of the Prague club.
′′ Everyone wants to pull against Sparta," says Hradec bek before the match of the 5. th Extraliga round.
Hradec Králové will try to stretch his series of wins, which at the moment accounts for three points in a row. After Kladno, Pilsen came the most appreciated fans on Sunday, Mountfield arrived in the neighboring Pardubice.
′′ But we can't watch the fights that were. We need to focus on the matches that await us now and play in them equally, if not better," the Hradec defender highlights.
Hradecans should not look back on last year's balance sheet with Sparta. In three of the four matches they lost, they took points only once after winning Prague after extending. In addition, Sparta's leadership brought several distinctive reinforcements in the summer and the team expects a return to the top.
′′ Sparta has always had quality players, but what are we going to talk about, this year they are really charged," admits Nedomel before the first match of this week.
And the other one? Nice shift too, waiting for Mountfield on Sunday afternoon in Třinci.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has bitcoins hidden and doesn't know what to do with them
Venezuelan central bank conducts internal tests to see if it can hold cryptocurrencies. This reacts to the instructions from the state company Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which aims to send bitcoins and ethers to the central bank and then pay cryptocurrencies to suppliers of this oil company. Employees are also studying the proposal so that the central bank can count cryptocurrencies into foreign exchange reserves that are now close to 30 years minimum. Reference to information of four sources said this by Bloomberg.
The sanctions introduced by the US against President Nicolas Maduro's authoritarian regime have largely cut Venezuela off the global financial system. This further deepened the country's economic crisis. Meanwhile, the current crisis is one of the most serious in a global comparison, which forced officials to use a mix of different ways to move money. While Maduro's efforts to launch state cryptocurrency first in the world failed, continuing efforts to use digital currencies show how desperately the government is trying to find ways to circumvent restrictions.
Neither Venezuelan central bank nor PDVSA responded to the request for comment.
It is unclear how PDVSA came to its own bitcoins and ethers, nor how much value of these currencies owns. The company is having trouble getting payments from customers through conventional channels because large banks are not willing to trade with entities subject to sanctions. Last month, the company received most of the $ 700 million payment (CZK 16,6 billion) in Chinese yuan because the parties were unable to find financial institutions that would allow the transaction.
PDVSA may not feel like selling cryptocurrencies on an open market, because it would require it to register in the stock exchange and undergo deep control, the so-called due diligence. Instead, it wants the central bank to use cryptocurrency to pay with it to the entities the PDVSA owes. Representatives of the oil company believe that the central bank is less exposed to any obstacles that could arise when payment by cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoins and ethers use a decentralized Internet ledger known as blockchain to verify and record transactions. In some cases relatively anonymous transfers are allowed without the need for a mediator. Few banks engage in digital currencies because of money laundering issues and client information related to them and complicate compliance.
Cryptocurrencies after the 2018 debacle are experiencing a return to the sun this year, thanks to the expectations of their greater acceptance by Facebook institutions and plan to come up with their own cryptocurrency. They still remain unstable. Bitcoin has fallen almost 20 percent in the last four days, but since the beginning of the year it has gained about 130 percent.
Neckermann cancels all flights, it applies to five hundred Czech clients
Neckermann cancels flights in connection with the insolvency of British Thomas Cook and his German daughter.
′′ Czech company Thomas Cook, s.r. o., acting under the business name Neckermann Travel Agency, did not submit an insolvency proposal," said Šrámek in a press release.
However, CK Neckermann is forced to continue to disturb its client s' planned departures," adding that this currently applies to all departures from September 26. to October 6.
According to Šrámka, the cancellation of flights will affect about 500 clients. 800 Neckermann clients who are abroad at the moment, according to him ′′ will be taken care of and their safe return to the Czech Republic by their planned flight ".
The travel agency admitted some clients were asked to pay for their stay. ′′ In such a case, it is necessary that clients immediately contact the SOS line ck Neckermann," Šrámek added.
Thomas Cook's collapse on Monday. In August of this year, the travel agency concluded an agreement to put 900 900 million into the company.
Half of the sum should have been received from the Chinese company Fosun Tourism. Based on this, she should have become the majority owner. The second half should have been provided by bondholders and creditor banks. On September 20., however, there was information that lenders requested the travel agency to acquire a rezervu 200 million reserve, otherwise the deal is off. On Monday, the company announced it had gone bankrupt.
Someone killed an easygoing homeless woman under the bridge. Police are looking for witnesses
According to the Prague police, the murder occurred sometime during the evening to the night from Tuesday to Wednesday. This is exactly the time of the police call for possible testimony.
′′ Some of the drivers who drove on the bridge connecting Libeň and Žižkov or on the street Pod Krejcárkem, could have filmed the killer on an onboard camera for example. Some witness might have just seen him and could describe him. We will simply welcome any testimony to this case and accept it on line 158," said a spokesman for the regional police director Jan Daněk.
According to a speaker Daňka, the murdered homeless woman was easygoing, did not drink alcohol and did not seek the company of other people. A woman lived at the crime scene. ′′ She was most often around Krejcárk, Palmovka and Holešovice, when she had large blue shopping bags," Daněk added a description of the victim, which could help possible witnesses.
Slovaks succeeded, they will only pay a fine for racist insults
The Slovak Football Federation succeeded with an appeal against the closure of the stadium for racism of fans. The team was originally supposed to play the match of the European Championship with Wales without viewers, instead the union will only pay a fine of EUR 15 k (about 387 k crowns).
UEFA Disciplinary Commission punished Slovakia and Hungary for the behavior of fans during a recent mutual qualifying match in Budapest, which the guest wards of Czech coach Pavel Hapal won 2:1. The stadium closed to both unions per match and Slovakia fined EUR 20 k, Hungary 67 a thousand euros.
Slovaks were only fined. 15 k after the appeal for offensive political shouts. The nearest national team match in qualifying for the European Championship with Wales on October 10. th in Trnava will be made available to fans.
The basketball players did not achieve the medal from the World Championship until the age of 17, finished fourth
Even the third seventeen World Championship won Americans, who defeated Spain close to 77:75 in the final, despite 40 points of Spanish Angela Salvadores.
′′ We really wanted to win and not be potato, but maybe we wanted it too much. We caught the beginning, but we couldn't keep it up because we were rolled over under the basket," the captain Karolína Malečková regretted. ′′ Playing in front of such an audience was an incredible experience," she praised fans in Klatovy and Pilsen.
Czechs started very well, thanks to two threes, they took the lead on 8:0 and dominated the whole first quarter on the playground. At that moment, the opponents seemed to repay the defeat from the basic group 85:88 after extension. However, the referees whistled 15 fouls in halftime and helped Hungary get back into the game with a cord of 12:2.
′′ I'm convinced it was enough to put two more three baskets, run to 20 points and we wouldn't let it go anymore. But instead our mistakes came. I don't care about the referee, but what we did wrong, and there were mistakes that helped the opponent catch on," coach Richard Fousek evaluated.
′′ It wasn't the first time we had a concentration lapse. But girls are warriors, they didn't release anything and fought to the end. But the opponent was very high quality," he added.
Czechs held in the game especially by Petra Holešínská with accurate shooting from afar and pivotka Tereza Šípová. However, the best Czech shooter had a problem with fouls and a large part of the third quarter was missing from the playground. Hungarians took advantage of it and gained a slight lead they already held, even though Czechs fought until the last seconds.
′′ For us the first five matches were very challenging, we turned the matches in narrow rotation and it cost us a lot of strength. Against Spain, it was seen that the girls were tired and there was no place to take. We weren't consistent in defense because of the physics. We didn't play a quick counterattack, we missed the jump. And Hungarians are so high quality that if you don't combine everything together, you will hardly win," Fousek added.
He believes his ward awaits a promising future. ′′ In two years, girls managed to win the Youth Olympics, be second in the-year-old European Championship and now they are fourth in the world. For our ratios, it is a quality team with good character and needs to be continued to work with and develop talent. Now it is up to the federation, which coach will be assigned to them in higher categories," Whousek added.
End of political newsagents? The new law according to critics will not help anyway!
But according to some opposition Members, the law is more likely to record that ministers get rid of their responsibility for the choice and continue to choose their candidates.
Greater transparency in selection procedures for posts in state companies - this is one of the goals of the nomination law. 119 Members were spoken for. For example, the law passed thanks to the voices of YES, KSCM, social democrats and even Pirates.
Candidates for state firms will have to go through selection procedures before the government committee. For example, the Pirates were just trying to make the recommendation for the minister binding. That didn't work out in the end.
Civil Democrats and the SPD movement are afraid that the nomination law will be recorded for ministers. ′′ Newly the Minister will be able to hide behind some decision of the commission and therefore he will not have clear transparent accountability," says the SPD chairman Tomio Okamura. Similarly, Vice-President of the ODS Martin Kupka speaks.
The government committee should completely reject candidates who will not meet the conditions. These will include criminal integrity, debtlessness, minimum age of 25 years and the main selection criteria should be expertise.
The law will still have to pass the Senate and then the president will get it signed.
Heavy competition for Škodu Kamiq. Kia XCeed bets on rich gear at what price?
Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult model. It is clearly among the compact SUVs, but it does not offer all-wheel drive. This item is left to a larger sibling Sportage, who is such a direct response to cars like Škoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X or Volkswagen Tiguan. Compared to them, XCeed also bets on more dynamic body shapes, which by slipping the back can remotely remind the world of SUV-coupe, popular in this part of the market mainly among premium brands Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz.
On the other hand, XCeed can't be included only on the side of plastic versions of classic compacts, where for example Ford Focus Active belongs. Compared to him, Koreans made much more changes to the body, so whoever does not want to, Ceed does not even have to see the news in the shape.
Unlike a compact hatchback or Ceed wagon, XCeed also offers exclusively with supercharged engines, so don't expect a basic atmospheric s. XCeed starts with a supercharged liter and offers a supercharged sixteen hundred with 150 kW reserved for siblings version of GT. Don't expect sports degree here. Turbodiesel 1.6 CRDi is only offered in a mild-hybrid design, which means the internal combustion engine is assisted by an electric system that helps reduce consumption and emissions. From 100 kW it is also possible to pay extra for a seven-degree two-clutch automatic next to the manual.
Soon the offer will grow by a plug-in hybrid, a variant that will travel about six dozen kilometers to electricity only. Batteries can be charged from a normal drawer.
Simona Krainová: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucie White!
The day before the baptism of the Fuck The Age calendar (translated M * dat age) Simona Krainová posted her latest pictures of her naked! ′′ I was a little scared that people would condemn me for taking pictures naked at my age. I'm a pretty shy person. But for now I only have positive reactions. I wanted to show women that when you want to, it is possible to have a firm figure even at 46 years old. Of course, it's hard work and denial, but there's no other way."
′′ Lukas Dvořákem and I took about three thousand photos, we chose about a hundred and there are twelve in the calendar, so the rest is still waiting for its moment. Definitely not the last time I'm naked," Flash model entrusted herself, who also came to her baptism very exposed.
She had extended Bernhardt jacket and shorts underneath, which were not visible, so it looked like she forgot her bottom. Everyday running has strengthened her legs, so she can afford similar models.
Simona was so happy about success, she kissed everyone she met at the baptism. Husband, friends, even Slavice Lucie Bílou.
Auto-tunnel brought the voice of the digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, the headline of a long text written by Michael Hobbes for Huffington Post and photographed by Finlay Mackay. The provocative explanation then says that the medical community ignored the facts about obesity for decades and waged a fierce (and also unnecessary) war against overweight people, which not only noted public opinion, but also destroyed many lives. However, now is the time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes puts right at the beginning is the fact that there is often a very long and tedious road from knowledge and knowledge of facts to putting into practice. It mentions a case of scurvy, where some captains were giving out lemons, limes and oranges to their crew in the seventeenth century, believing that they would prevent diseases. But the British Navy has resigned from this practice due to concerns about increased costs. The clear effect of fruit in preventing and treating the disease was then demonstrated in the mid-18. th century, but it took another fifty years to take this into account. Seat belts existed long before the invention of the car, but they did not become compulsory until the sixties, as well as the first confirmed death in asbestos dates from 1906, yet his first ban came in 1973.
′′ Every discovery in the field of public health - no matter how significant it was - has always had to compete with traditions, prejudices and financial incentives inside the company into which it should have been implemented," Hobbes writes. In American society, nearly 80 percent of the adult population today and around one third of children meet the definition of overweight or obesity. More Americans today live with obesity than breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and HIV combined.
Obesity is viewed as a highly personal failure of an individual, who is allegedly burdened by health care and reduces GDP. Fear of thickness is so big in the population that Americans spend more money on diets today than they spend on computer games and movies. But the truth is that diets don't work. Already in 1959, research showed that 95 to 98 % of attempts to lose weight end in failure and two thirds of people on the diet will gain more than they lost.
Armed with Hobbes statistics further describes the lifestyle and trauma of overweight people. The personal one meets systemic, for example, at the faculties during the teaching of future doctors, only 19 hours from the whole studio. Which at a time when the 60 calories process Americans accept comes from ultra-processed food - that is, too processed food.
The way obesity is stigmatized, news from offices, where overweight people usually experience shorter tours, doctors approach them with less empathy and consider them more problematic patients.
But overweight is far from just an American problem, as Hobbes writes, since 1980, the share of obesity in 73 countries in the world has doubled and increased in 113 And in that time no country has managed to reduce and stop this increase. Absolutely none.
Brno Grand Prix? Tickets are in danger of increasing
The most expensive item is a drop-in fee before the Grand Prix every year. This year it was about million crowns. ′′ The mass of people who come to Brno at the Grand Prix will spend money there on accommodation, food or entertainment, which should more or less balance the costs of organizing the event including the back-up fee," economist Petr Pelc evaluated.
According to him, the importance of the race is also in attracting tourists to the city. ′′ Brno does not have so many world tourist attractions. The grand prize attracts visitors from abroad. It is important for Brno, just like tuřanské airport or exhibition grounds. And these are projects that support themselves from public money," the economist added.
Grand Prix in Brno
- costs for the past five years: 686 million crowns
- profits from the past five years: 682 million crowns
- problem: lack of money to organize, increasing backup fee for Dorna promoter company
- possible solution: more money from the state, use of advertising space, increase in ticket price
- current status: negotiations on a new contract to organize races for the next five years
According to the director of the Institute of Public Administration Filip Hrůzy, organizers now have to evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. ′′ The Grand Prix drains money from public budgets for other matters. But to some extent it's a political and not an economic question," they think.
In the future, the cost of motoring events may be even higher. The game is a variant of increasing the padding fee to almost double.
′′ The situation is not closed, we must try to negotiate the best possible conditions with Dorna. It also depends on the extent to which the state is ready to contribute to the race. If worst case scenarios were fulfilled, I am afraid it is not real that the city and the region pay the amount," Brno mayor Markéta Vaňková admitted.
As Deník Rovnost has already informed, representatives of the South Moravian Region and Brno because of problems raising money for the Grand Prix are also discussing the possibility of using advertising. ′′ Dorny's condition is that advertising must be placed in places that don't work cameras. The selection of companies is also limited, because if Dorna has a general sponsor, the company from the same area cannot be the second sponsor," Vaňková explained.
The organizers can also get more money from tickets in the years to come. ′′ We need to sit down and say what costs will actually be. And we have to adjust the ticket revaluation," said the Brno opposition representative for the ANO movement and former mayor Petr Vokřál.
Accident on D5: Truck collision closed the highway
The event was reported around 08:00 per 22. kilometer in the direction of Prague. ′′ The highway is closed, at least for freight transport. Passenger cars can drive through the gas station," said police spokesman Michaela Richterová this morning. The operation was restored around 14:30. The preliminary damage is at least two million crowns according to Richter, police officers investigate the cause of the accident.
A spokesman for Central Bohemian firefighters Petr Svoboda said that one truck was transporting passenger vehicles and the other was plastic granulate. ′′ Due to the heavy impact, transported vehicles were displaced, which firefighters first had to secure against a possible fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank from which about 200 liters of diesel leaked. Firefighters managed to drain another 200 liters. The Beroun City Hall Environmental Department workers were called to the accident due to fuel leakage. The release of crashed vehicles and the exit of the highway was ensured by a private company, which also mined contaminated soil.
Unsuccessful qualification. Czech athletes are not doing well in Doha yet
The Doha World Championship started with qualifying setbacks for Czech athletics. Diana Mezuliáníková fell out at 800 meters in the start and the qualifications were not passed by the sticker Romana Maláčová or the hammer Kateřina Šafránková, who defended the eighth place, which surprised London before last year.
On Friday, the obstacleman Vít Müller and the night marathon race will run Marcela Joglová.
Safránková threw 65,46 meters with her third attempt and lagged almost six meters behind her maximum this year, which she would have to improve to advance. Maláčová jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was beyond her strength. To participate in the final, it was necessary to overcome the limit of 460 cm.
Mezuliáníková, who got to the championship until the last minute thanks to an invitation from the international federation of IAAF, finished the fourth start at the penultimate sixth place and even the time of 2:03,48 minutes was not enough for her to advance to the semi-finals. She fell behind her maximum this year by one and a half seconds. ′′ It was pretty fast for me, unfortunately I was fighting with my opponent in the corner, which took my strength quite away. I thought I still had strength, but there it stopped me. I almost stopped and had to run again so this was a little uncomfortable. I can't be completely satisfied," said the Czech representative.
She was happy to beat at least one opponent in the finish line. ′′ She really wasn't doing well, so every defeated opponent was good. But I think it was for the fifth place. Unfortunately," she added. The fastest half-woman in the run was Winnie Nanyonda from Uganda for 2:00,36.
Doha is missing the best eight-year-old Caster Semenya from JAR, who has too high testosterone levels in her body, but like some other runners, she rejects the treatment that IAAF rules have ordered since this year.
In the 100 meter runs, the number one American Christian Coleman confirmed the role of the number one favorite, who over time 9,98 was the only one under the ten-second limit. His countryman Justin Gatlin also advanced to the semi-finals, who is seeking to defend the title in the 37 s. Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who is 9,86th pair of this year's tables and was expected to fight Coleman, who has a performance of 9,81. this season.
Kubanec Juan Miguel Echevarría has shown a great form in the qualification of remote drivers, who flew to a distance of 840 cm in the first jump. No athlete in the World Championship qualification has jumped this far in 20 years. The 865-year-old Cubanec leads this year's tables with a power of 865 cm.
French candidate for Oskar Misery will start the Be2Can parade
Golden bear and both actor awards from this year's Berlinale, the award for directing and award of the Cannes jury and many more will present the 6. th edition of the festival film from Berlin, Venice and Cannes. This year, Be2Can festival will bring a selection of the most remarkable and inspirational, presented by the competitions of the three most important European film festivals.
The opening film of this year's show will be the French drama Misery, for which the author of the movie Ladj Ly took the Jury Award at this year's Cannes festival. The picture is a French candidate for Oscar. The premiere of the film in Prague will personally present two main roles of police officers of the criminal unit, Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zonga. Alexis Manenti is also co-author of the film screenplay.
Be2Can will take place in Prague cinemas Lucerna and Edison Filmhub, Brno (cinema Art), Ostrava (Minikino) and Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) from October 2. to 8.
Director Ladj Lyho's feature debut was listed and awarded at many other world festivals following the success of Cannes. At the Durban IFF won the Best Film Award and Best Screenplay Award, he was featured on the IFF in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo and soon to be featured in San Sebastián.
However, as part of the festival, viewers can also look forward to the films Synonyma, Young Ahmed, System Interruptor, Goodbye, my son, sorry, we missed you, Anthology of the Ghost Town and a picture of the Golden Glove. But more fresh news from this year's Venice, which will head to Czech distribution: sci-fi Ad Astra, Joker, for the Czech triumph Painted Bird.
Which cities will disappear under the sea?
The vote of the upper chamber of the Canadian parliament has confirmed known rumors for several days: Canada removes honorable citizenship from former legend of the fight for human rights, Nobel Peace Prize winner Do Aung San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who spent years under house arrest for trying to bring freedom into her country, lost her honorary title due to her share of genocide against the Rohing minority nation.
The decision to take Suu Kiji's honorary citizenship approved the lower legislative body a week ago and senators now unanimously supported it. ′′ It is the right message for both her and Myanmar and the world," independent Senator Ratna Omidvar commented on the decision of her colleagues. ′′ We must make it clear that the partners of genocide are not welcome here in Canada - all the more as honest citizens."
The verdict of the Canadian parliament technically does not change anything for Su Ťij, it is just an honorary title, but on a symbolic plane it is a strong message for her. The silence of a longtime human rights fighter to the atrocities that the army of most Buddhist Myanmar has been committing endless months on the Muslim minority of Rohing is unbearable.
The fact that Myanmar is officially organised genocide and that Suu Kyi - the de facto prime minister of the government - has completely failed in the duty to protect its citizens recently brought a UN report. Specifically, it mentions the names of several military commanders, who according to the investigation team should stand trial for crimes against humanity committed in actions that - as the report says - shock both the horror of their actions and the vast extent ". Su Ťij and hers According to the UN, the led administration committed complicity mainly by covering the action of soldiers and releasing a mist of lies around them - for example, that it is a ′′ anti-terrorism operation ".
Following the cross-out of Su Ťij, five personalities remain on the list of honourable citizens of Canada: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tändzin Gjamccho, 14. Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, 49. imam of Shiitan Muslims and Malala Júsufzaj.
The Canadian Museum of Human Rights reflected the development around the former icon of the fight for freedom and democracy, where information about atrocities against Rohinguses and the parliamentary decision to take away the title of an honest citizen from Su Ťij. ′′ We also muted the lighting of her photo on a tablo capturing the timeline of the fight for human rights and thinking about replacing her face with a portrait of a member of the Rohingian minority," quotes Canadian media spokesman for the museum Rorie McLeoda.
The only thing that will remain in the current shocks of Su Ťij - at least for now - is the Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to it at the proposal of Václav Havel in 1991 for a huge contribution to the fight for democracy. ′′ Even though Mrs. Su Kyi's current action is regrettable, her award will not be annulled," said the Canadian CBS chief of Nobel Foundation Lars Heikensten.
Microplastics made it to the human intestines, the study confirmed for the first time
Scientists confirmed several years of suspicion. A team under the leadership of Professor of Vienna University Philippe Schwabl published a study demonstrating for the first time the presence of microplastics in human stool. The study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia - however, there were small parts of plastic between 50 and 500 micrometers in samples of all persons examined. None of the eight subjects were vegetarian, six of them avoided sea fish, all drank water from plastic bottles and food packaged in plastic.
And it would actually be a bit of a miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplastics - which are made either directly, for example for the cosmetic industry, or are created by the breakdown of larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water and lemonades; simply everywhere on the planet. So their entry into the human digestive system is officially confirmed. Ten grams of stool cost about 20 microplastic particles and scientists estimate that more than half of the world's population will have them in them.
Layman and scientific awareness, of course, knows that it is not good. But humanity still doesn't know how bad it is - and the effect microplastics have on ′′ host ′′ organisms. Small particles can get to the bloodstream or the lymphatic system and end up in the liver for example. ′′ It is the first ever study of its kind and confirmed what we have long thought. Now that we have the first evidence of microplastics occurrence in the human body, we need to continue exploring exactly what this means for human health," says Schwabl.
It is now known that microplastics in the intestines can negatively affect the immune response of the digestive system, thus facilitating the absorption of toxic chemicals and other pathogens into the body. And yet there is no known solution other than to reduce plastic use, especially polypropylene. But this will be difficult - the first task facing governments and authorities will at least be to stop its steep increase. As far as plastic bottles are concerned, experts estimate that in three years humanity consumes a fifth more than it does today. Current pace is riveting a million bottles bought per minute. Every year around eight million tons of plastic ends up in seas and oceans. Waste threatens marine ecosystems and contaminates marine animal digestive systems.
Some states have already taken restrictions and other measures, Kenya, for example - under the threat of draconian penalties - banned plastic bags. The European Commission is thinking about small bans (well known straws), the domestic Ministry of the Environment is heading in the same direction. However, critics argue that such measures are pretty, but absolutely insufficient.
Harry in Princess Diana's footsteps († 36)! Where's Meghan?
Diana was special in being able to catch people's hearts. In January 1997 she caused a fuss when she visited Africa and especially the minefield. The pictures wearing a protective suit and face shield became iconic. And even then, no one could have known that a few months later, the princess of human hearts would exhale for the last time in Paris.
Now her younger son Harry scored as he went to the same place after 22 years. He went to Diric, Angola mining unit, he also put on a special protective suit and looked very thoughtful. Surely he did not resist the memories of his beloved mother, who lost at only 13 years old.
Harry gave a speech right on the spot praising the efforts of Halo Trust, which works to eliminate minefields and other explosives in countries where war was held. ′′ Mine fields are unhealed wounds of war. By cleaning them we can help the community find peace with which opportunities come," he also said and appealed to the rescue and maintenance of wildlife and local river as a water source. After this visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huamba to rename the local orthopedic center just after his famous mum, Princess Diana.
He did not forget to mention her even in an official Instagram account: ′′ The Duke is honored to visit the place and community that were so important to his mother, meet their tireless mission and talk to everyone she (Diana) about the impression that the most they needed to be heard, even though the problem wasn't exactly popular worldwide," Sussex Royal appeared on Instagram post.
But royal fans may regret that he did not take his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months) on such a quest for memories of Diana. Both have a separate program against Harry since Wednesday, apparently for their protection. After all, taking a little baby to a minefield doesn't sound very safe, and Harry doesn't want to endanger his beloved family at any cost.
The only ones. We do not have a certain reproduction, but we do not have to scare
Some words have unfortunate connotations, although they just say the state of affairs. One of them is the word only child. Marks a child growing up without siblings, but does not sound neutral. ′′ You know that, an only child," they say without anything to add. Interestingly, this feature has been ′′ only child ′′ recently, even from when expressions were not widely used as a demographic crisis.
Today even people outside the scientific community know that a fertility rate of 2,1 child per woman is required to ensure simple reproduction of the population. It is also widely known that in Europe no state is achieving this value today. France or Sweden are at the most close to it, but the European states are not secured by a simple reproduction rate. (Only Israel with a total fertility of 3,1 child per woman is out of the West.) It's a situation made for alarmism. That's why it's not surprising, when the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs Maláčová is forfeited: ′′ The only children are almost as many as two-child families," she said in an interview for LN. But she forgot the devil hidden in detail.
Yes, it's good when a problem is raised instead of belittling or ideologizing. Like in Germany, where the campaign for more children easily gets a label of fascism (Hitler supported it in the style ′′ so did Hitler ′′). It is good to remind you that many couples of only children plan directly. It is good if politicians show the will to eliminate the obstacles that lead to those decisions (such as a weak extension of work from home discourages women from other pregnancies). But let's draw attention to one thing though.
If Minister Maláčová says there are almost so many only children ", there is demagoguery in it. That statement was years ago. Let us remind you that fertility in the Czech Republic last ensured a simple reproduction in 1980 (′′ Husák's Children ′′). Then it fell to the threatening 1,14 in 2000. But since then it has risen almost fifty percent, to the current 1,70 children per woman, which is above average European. It's not enough for simple reproduction yet, so the political activity is appropriate. Only with the alarmism they can slow down a bit.
Costa Rica is champion in the fight against climate change
Costa Rica received the title for several reasons. For starters, a plan to be carbon neutral by 2050 - however, many countries committed to this under the Paris agreement. The Central American state with a population of around five million produces only 0,4 percent of the world's emissions. Costa Rica has also committed to fully switching to renewable energy sources by 2030, with 70 percent of buses or taxi cars going to electricity.
Official tourist organization says that about 95 percent of energy from renewable sources already comes from around 2017 % of energy - Costa Rica worked on them for 300 days overall.
Costa Rica boasts almost thirty national parks.
The density of forestation also contributes to reducing emissions. Rain forests with diverse fauna and flora, covering more than half the country's territory, are also one of the main tourist cribs. ′′ Costa Rica is a pioneer in nature conservation and sets an example for other countries in the region, but also around the world. Climate changes require urgent action from all of us," said UN in a statement.
Costa Rica can pride itself on almost thirty national parks, which is really a lot due to the small area of the country (51 square kilometers). Rain or foggy forests, coral reefs or mangrove swamps are home to five percent of the world's biodiversity. The country also has volcanoes, pitiful waterfalls and you could find several rescue stations for sloths in it.
Gently to the planet. The Scientist Night begins in Prague
′′ In Prague I would definitely visit CTU and look at the model of what smart cities will look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Institute of Anatomy during the medical faculty, where there is no public access," advises the national coordinator of the Night of Scientists, Jitřenka Navrátilová.
The Institute of Anatomy offers an autopsy inspection and a chance to try work with surgical tools.
′′ Then I would run over to ČZU and watch the movie Green Desert,"Navrátilová added. Nine laboratories will offer guided tours. The password of this year's Night of Scientists is ′′ planet-friendly".
The Attorney General has restored prosecution of a mother manipulating daughter against father
Chief prosecutor Pavel Zeman disagrees with the release of a mother who manipulated her daughter in the long term and disturbed her relationship with her father. She faced charges of abuse and endangering education. Regional court exonerated her, Zeman disagrees with it. According to his call to the Supreme Court, a criminal offense can be seen in similar proceedings.
A Supreme Court decision could have a wider impact on other cases. ′′ A more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse can be considered necessary even in terms of directing another application practice," it stands in Zeman's invitation.
The district court in Svitavy first found the woman guilty of the abuse of the person entrusted with the child and endangering the child's upbringing. She and her daughter formed a solid, symbiotic bond, even in a situation where she should have been entrusted to her father.
The result was a pathological fixation on the mother and a significantly negative relationship with the father. The situation noted the emotional development of a daughter, who was even hospitalized. She threatened self harm in case of handing over to the father's care.
The Svitavy court imposed on mother two years in prison with two-year probation. The Pardubice branch of the regional court, however, acquitted the woman in the appeal proceedings, allegedly not a crime. The same verdict was repeated by the regional court even after the Supreme Court ordered it to decide again once before.
Regional court stated that situations where one parent manipulates a child against another are not exceptional. It is addressed in guardian proceedings or with the help of psychologists or youth social protection organs. Only exceptionally criminal law is the solution.
However, according to the state's attorney, the woman committed both abuse and endangerment of education. ′′ The accused acted completely targeted by causing negative feelings towards her father in her daughter, and targeted these negative emotions. By such an act, she not only pursued the illicit intention to reduce or exclude the father's contact with an underage, but she must have been aware that this would cause negative consequences in the psychosocial sphere of the underage," she stands in the call.
Zeman asked the Supreme Court to return the case to the regional court once again. The call suggests that the child is now in the care of the father.
Step back, he challenged Schiller for words about the opposition filth Czernin
′′ I find it completely unacceptable that a member of the Czech government anywhere, the less in parliament, should use such totalitarian expression," Czernin wrote in an open letter Schiller.
Her words caused a commotion when discussing the draft constitutional action against President Milos Zeman. The opposition did not get enough votes and the draft constitutional action, which the Senate came up with, deputies dropped off the table.
′′ I get dozens of messages from people I don't know. There is not a single vote to support this suit. There are messages to support the president and messages like how taxpayer money is spent here, how empty straw is being beaten. And I even allow myself, I don't use harsh terms, one of them quoting: It's opposition and senatorial scum," the Minister of Finance said.
′′ These expressions were frequent by Nazis citizens of Jewish origin and communists their political adversaries. It is a rhetoric of totalitarianism, without a pinch of respect for man and opinion," the Minister of Vice-President of the TOP 09 Czernin, who will compete for the post of the party chairman in the autumn with the first Vice-President Markétou Pekarová Adamova.
′′ I quoted one of the many messages I received dozens during the House meeting. Their common denominator was disgust at the constant personal dehonestation we witness daily in domestic politics and which was also the main motive of Thursday's meeting of the House. The fact that someone applies to themselves surprises me," Schillerová reacted to CTK.
Destroyed shops, fires in the streets, the memorial parade was accompanied by riots
Five years ago, 43 college students in Ayotzinapa disappeared, despite extensive investigation, the case has not yet been clarified. Allegedly students should have been arrested by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It's not exactly clear what happened after that, according to the investigation, but students apparently ended up in the hands of a local syndicate and were subsequently killed and burned, APTN says.
A memorial parade was held in Mexico's capital on Thursday, families wanted to express their frustration that they were still unable to find answers and explain the disappearance of their children.
The mostly peaceful march was disturbed by smaller groups of vandals that destroyed everything in their path. Vandals destroyed shops and hotels, did not want to destroy sights, set fires around the city and killed windows.
President Andres Manuel López Obrador stated before march that he would do everything he could to capture and asked the public for any information that would lead to clarification of the case.
Over 142 people were arrested as part of the investigation, but none of them were able to convict. Many of them had to be released because their human rights were violated, investigators allegedly had suspects torture, complemented by APTN.
Mahulena Bočanová interrupted the annual detox and sinning again!
Over a year ago Mahulena Bočanová confided in Lightning that she quit alcohol. ′′ During the holidays I thought I'd give my old-year-old body a breath. I set a deadline forever. I feel very rested, I have a lot of energy and most importantly my psyche has improved. I haven't been doing well mentally lately. Getting up better, not having a headache, more energy, money."
The annual abstinence was said to be enough and the actress found her way to alcohol again. ′′ Sometimes I'll have bubbles or quality wine, but I won't drink what I used to. I'm having one drink and having fun till dawn. I have a bottle of wine in my fridge for a week. I also liked non-alcoholic beer, which I can drink anytime," Mahulena, who still forms a couple with Brno entrepreneur Petr.
Bočanová also returned to the theater season after the holidays and will newly join the series Office in the Rose Garden. ′′ I'm ashamed of the first two shows, I was really bad, I said. But it's getting better," critically the actress smiles.
Jaromír Soukup talked about Gott: He wishes him peace
Moderator and entrepreneur Jaromír Soukup (50) will not be afraid of any questions. On your show Call and write to the boss publicly on various topics. And he doesn't even have tabloid cases that sparkly and funny glosses. Even though this time he wasn't laughing.
Jaromír Soukup commented on the sad news, which is a very serious disease of Karel Gott. He promised the singer one very considerate thing for himself.
′′ You know, Charles got sick and said it fairly without tabloid journalists having to dig it somewhere. I do not want to comment on this, it is a serious disease, we all appreciate Karel Gott immensely. And I would like to wish him a successful treatment and especially peace! The calm he needs now," said the owner of the TV Barrandov.
′′ I wish the media would leave him alone. And she waited for the news that the Master decides to provide to the media. I don't really like the various statements of his health, what his old acquaintances and various celebrities think about his health. And I can say for our media that we will only attend to his illness and his person if he shows interest in it. I think other media should consider a similar approach."
Young Czechs think they are good with money. Research didn't confirm it
′′ So it turns out that young Czechs have somewhat more confidence in their knowledge of finances than reality. Women and respondents without graduation had a significantly larger share of bad answers in this case," said the director KRUK Jaroslava Palendalová.
Rather, men and young high schoolers or college students trust their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs will learn about the functioning of financial matters from parents (37 percent), self-study on the internet (23 percent) and third row from school (21 percent).
Questions around finance are mainly consulted by women, while information on the internet is more likely to be found by men. Gaining information about finances from parents prevails in all ages of young people, regardless of their education or personal income. Professional magazines and publications have virtually minimal influence.
′′ Again, the importance of raising children by their parents, representing authority in all major areas of life shows. Therefore, the key level of financial literacy of parents who transfer their knowledge and experience to their descendants is Palendalová.
Savings and investments prefer 94 percent of the young.
Clearly, young people argue whether it is better to save and buy your own house or apartment, for example, or enjoy and spend money rather, without savings and own housing.
The strategy of savings and investments in long-term tangible assets accounts for 94 percent of the questioned. This applies across all age categories of young people, regardless of education, social status or current level of personal income.
The investigation strategy is definitely held by people in marital bond with two or more children and public sector employees. On the contrary, people living alone want to enjoy themselves and with income over 30 000 CZK per month.
The hunter wounded in the fall from the sitting, they carried him to the ambulance for three hours
An unfortunate accident occurred before pm in the top parts near Čertova mlýna.
′′ It was a very complex and inaccessible terrain, so we set out five of our rescuers with proper technique to the injured man. At the same time, we asked for cooperation from the Health Rescue Service of the Moravian-Silesian Region. Paramedics then set out an ambulance vehicle to the accident," described the circumstances of Libor Kluz, dispatcher of the Mountain Service of Beskydy.
Rescuers found hunters in a identified location with multiple injuries. They treated him immediately and then gently, but with difficulty transported him on the so-called Austrian wheelchair through the unsuitable terrain.
′′ Transport in the route about one and a half kilometer was slow and difficult. The injured nimrod was therefore handed over to the ambulance crew after approximately three hours," Libor Kluz added.
Fortunately, according to Radan Jaškovského, the designated chief of the Mountain Service of Beskydy and at the same time an intervening rescuer, a colleague of the hunter was able to describe in detail where the wounded is located.
′′ We therefore found it relatively quickly. However, if he had the Ambulance app on his phone, our rescuers would have been with him sooner and at the same time he would have known about the accident and his situation immediately, Radan Jaškovský noted.
He added that a charged mobile phone with an activated ambulance app should be a matter of course in the mountains today.
Zeman by a monument - A man straining the constitution calls for law enforcement
Who moves in a camp divided society and does not want to go completely foolish, welcomes a situation where they do not have to cheer only for their own. When can he admit the pros to whom he otherwise criticizes. Already so that he doesn't feel like he's oriented only according to pre-assigned stickers. Such situations include a list of badly damaged monuments, which President Zeman fencing on his favorite trips to regions.
Everyone knows what's going on. And who sometimes travels through the Czech Republic, sees many devastated monuments - from centers of historical cities to individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches or goods - with their own eyes. Everyone knows that even here can come to the word demagoguery. That if we blame the town hall for not taking care of monuments or some horror in the territorial plan, it could be the work of former administrations. Or an object privatized, whose owner is not traceable. The head of state of local politics calls: ′′ The section of the monument law allows you to fine owners of objects who don't care about their property." But even if the owner is unreachable, it must be admitted that the president calls for law enforcement. Which even critics of his bending the constitution should acknowledge as a plus.
Of course, Miloš Zeman would not be Milos Zeman if he considered all the details and formalities of a complex problem. But he stands up for a good thing like squatters he doesn't recognize. Two years ago we wrote: ′′ Despite all swearing, squatters draw attention to a problem outside the current interest. For the fact that one or more construction is in an emergency." And let's admit that the president is doing the same de facto.
If you come to the historic center of Jáchymov, you will be amazed at how devastated it is - including houses with Renaissance core. At a time when Jáchymov celebrates 500 years of silver mining and tolar mining (for Americans dollars). Why is that? Apparently because of fast-fermented home sales in the 90. s, officials say. But why is it that seven kilometers away Island, the headquarters of Šliků, who broke down the Jechymov Tolary, has the historical core nicely repaired? It's good if the president points these things out.
Babiš called for security cooperation in the memorial of terror victims
Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and wife Monica visited a monument of the terrorist attacks of September 11., 2019 in New York on September 27., 2001 Ground Zero.
Terrorism is the main enemy that all states in the world should fight together. At the end of a five-day visit to the United States, Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš, declared it today in the New York Memorial of the September 11., 2001 On this occasion the Prime Minister honored the memory of two victims of Czech origin.
′′ It is a very moving place," said the Prime Minister, when accompanied by his wife Monica, he laid a white rose with the names of Lukas Rambousk and Czechoslovak emigrant Alena Sešínová. Both were among the more than 2750 dead, which was requested by hijacked aircraft on a former pair of skyscrapers of the World Trade Center (WTC). The WTC towers collapsed after the impact, a memorial with the victim's name list is now in place.
′′ It is necessary to remember what happened here, the horror," said Babiš. The US attack on September 11., 2001 marked the Prime Minister as the reason why the UN should cooperate in a uniform campaign against international terrorism. Terrorists hit a hijacked aircraft into the Ministry of Defense in Washington with a hijacked plane in addition to the destruction of the WTC skyscrapers and planned another hit on the target in Washington, apparently the White House or Congress. But this aircraft collapsed when passengers stood up to the kidnappers.
′′ This is our main enemy, there all countries in the world should join together and fight international terrorism in a coordinated way," the Czech Prime Minister added.
Slovenians defeated Polish world champions and are in the ME finals
Slovenian volleyball players will play great for the prime minister's title of European champions. With the support of nearly 12 thousand stormy fans in Ljubljana, they defeated the incumbent double world champions Poles 3:1 and are the first finalists.
Who will be challenged on Sunday's climax in Paris will be decided on Friday between France and Serbia.
The Slovenian team was much more compact in the semi-finals than the Polish world champions. These belonged only to the beginning of the opening set and with happiness the end of the second set, but domestic volleyball players outdid themselves in defense and from players in red and white jersey, only Cuba León native scored.
But in the home lineup, both Čebulj and Urnaut and also the second universal Stern, which soon replaced the bland Gasparini. Poles paid off that all previous matches in this Euro won sovereign while Slovenians gained confidence after heavy playoff battles with Bulgarians and Russians.
The Slovenians lost to the Poles this August 1:3 in the Gdaňsku Olympic qualification, but at home they defeated them. Stožica will leave the sold out Ljubljana arena. However, after today they have a certain second medal in history, Paris can improve unexpected silver from ME four years ago.
The Slovaks finished eight at the previous European Championship, after the Czech national team.
Technology companies want to rule our cities
Francis Fukuyama's history was somewhat baked. In 1992, at the height of the wave of liberalism that followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political scientist in his most famous book End of History and the last person wrote: ′′ What we may witness... is the final point of ideological development humanity and universal acceptance of western liberal democracy as the final form of governance."
Twenty-two years later, we are more likely to see how from USA to Russia, from Turkey to Poland and from Hungary to Italy, models of illiberal and thrive in various forms of nationalism and radicalism. The current ninth Fukuyama book Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment attempts to cope with the onset of these forces. As George Eaton's interview for New Statesman shows, many of his former opinions rethink: he claims that the ideas of socialism should return to public space and Marx was right about many. Even though he insists that his thought development is still consistent with the position of the nineties and critics of the End of History and the last person apparently did not understand correctly.
′′ What I said earlier was that one of the problems of modern democracy is that it provides peace and prosperity, but people want more than just that... Liberal democracy doesn't even try to define what a good life is. It leaves it up to individuals who feel alienated, see no sense, and therefore they gather into groups according to identity, which gives them a sense of belonging."
In its time, the End of History and the last person was written as a strong argument against Marxists who perceived communism as the final stage of history. When Fukuyama is asked about how he now perceives the socialist s' rise in Britain and the US, he replies: ′′ It all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we are talking about owning the means of production, except when clear public services are demanded, I don't think this will work. But if you mean redistribution programs that try to solve the huge imbalance in income and wealth we are already witnessing, yes. I think not only he could come back, he should come back. The long period started by President Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher and in which certain types of ideas about the benefits of an unregulated market had a disastrous effect in many ways."
Finally, Fukuyama attempts to calm down the current situation and warns all liberals that even the new not entirely democratic regimes will not mean the end of history.
Soldiers rehearsing, pull down the curtains. China is preparing celebrations at the site of massacre
The army practiced great during recent weekends. Shops in the center of Beijing had to close and residents near the square were ordered to close the curtains. Military cars were rolling to the square after empty streets and fighting aircraft circled in the sky.
Several Chinese have told Reuters that they are proud to see their country exposed their military power. But one woman stated that it is hard to deny that celebrations will disturb other states.
Apparently she bumped into Taiwan, which China claims and where elections are approaching. But they can also have concerns in Hong Kong's semi-autonomous city, where thousands of people repeatedly demonstrate against China's administrator.
Celebrations are being prepared outside Beijing. South China port Xia-men already performed a special light show on Thursday night. Xiamen lies opposite Taiwan island and is among the ten most innovative Chinese cities.
The list of forbidden things is growing before the anniversary. Already with drones, balloons, dragons, alcohol, radio and radio wave devices, the journal The Guardian alerted. He added that China's popular social network Weibo erases ′′ malicious political information ".
′′ It's another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Chinese Communist Party remains (at the oars) despite all predictions," said historian Maura Cunningham, who deals with China. ′′ It is a moment when the party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was founded in 1949 when the communists under Mao Ze-tung won the fight against the Chanka Nationalists who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 60. s China underwent a disastrous communist experiment in the form of a so-called cultural revolution. In June 1989, the regime massacred thousands of pro-democratic demonstrators among students and workers in the square of Celestial Peace.
Since the late 70. s China has increasingly taken over the elements of the capitalist economy. According to critics, the mix of the worst of communism (one party monopoly and persecution of the opposition) and (Dickensian) capitalism (exploitation of workers) is now a mixture of the worst of communism (monopoly of one party
Czechs or children are forbidden to enter. CHOI revealed discrimination in restaurants
These included, for example, misinformation about prices and non-compliance with the principles of sales fairness.
In one case, discrimination refuses to let smaller children into the company in Prague. According to CHOI, he says on his website that the device is not suitable for children under the age of eight years. ′′ To an electronic question of the consumer whether it is possible to order a table for four adults and one child aged years in this restaurant, an employee of the restaurant electronically responded that they do not accept the presence of children under eight years old in the restaurant," Fröhlich added.
In the second case, another Prague company did not want to let Czech speaking people at the table, while English speaking allowed it. ′′ Czech speaking inspectors, as a consumer, were not allowed to sit at a table in a restaurant and place an order. English speaking consumers were allowed to do this," a spokesman of CHOI described the situation.
Both cases are now solved in administrative proceedings. Since they are not yet legally terminated, the inspector's spokesman could not share more information about the restaurants mentioned.
But discrimination occurred only in a very small part of restaurants controlled in the second quarter. Total CHOI performed 139 checks. In addition to the two cases of discrimination, in 64 cases, different errors revealed. Mostly, they were deficiencies in respect of the principles of fairness of sales and non-informing the consumer about prices of products and services in accordance with the rules.
On Wednesday, the inspection informed about discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both premises foreigners were charged sums higher than Czech speaking clients. In these cases, final fines of 60 000 CZK have already fallen.
On vacation with only a credit card? NEO account offers free ATM withdrawals worldwide!
According to surveys, about half of all Czechs who go abroad have become accustomed to paying directly by card. The main reasons include comfort, security, but also the possibility of using travel insurance, which often connects with credit card.
The comfort of card payment can be appreciated by travellers in almost every corner of the world. Especially true in popular tourist destinations, but today credit cards are accepted almost everywhere. ′′ People who travel more often, maybe because of work, don't have time to go to shifts repeatedly to exchange cash. And even ′′ vacationers ′′ don't want to rely on cash to be enough for them. Moreover, some foreign currencies do not even have Czech banks or exchange offices. We therefore resolved this with the NEO account so that its users can collect cash from all ATMs for free wherever they are," says Kateřina Petko, director of marketing and communication and press spokesperson Expobank CZ.
Moreover, a credit card is a much more reliable way to not lose your money compared to cash. At the loss of a full wallet, her owner no longer has to wait for the money he carried in it. However, if he only loses his credit card, he can easily block it over the phone or via internet banking immediately. In quick action, he may not suffer any financial loss at all. ′′ There are other benefits to keeping money in a bank account besides its reliable protection. For example, for the NEO account, it is an interest of 1,6 % per year, which is among the highest current and savings accounts. Its founding and administration takes place completely online without the need to visit the branch. Moreover, the money in the bank account is insured up to EUR 100 k and the account is completely free of charge," Kateřina Petko complements.
Travel insurance should be a matter of course for anyone planning to go abroad. Thanks to the possibility to arrange it and pay by card online, it can be done even at the last minute. However, just the very ownership of a credit card often means insurance protection during travel. ′′ For example, for embossed cards MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business, travel insurance is an integral part of foreign travel to all countries in the world. Holders of these cards can also insure their family with whom they travel. They often lose any other arrangement," Kateřina Petko from Expobank CZ adds. However, it is always appropriate to verify the extent of the insurance, that is, whether it applies to all the activities travellers plan to undertake.
Looking for motivated immigrants. Children's clinic chief builds an international team of doctors, we bring their stories
Albanian Ledjona Toni graduated medicine in Czech and today few will know that she is a foreigner.
In the Czech Republic there are hundreds of medics from abroad who could stay here and work. A pediatric clinic in Motole tried to acquire some of them.
For Tara Hussein Tayeb to arrive at Motol hospital in Prague around pm, she had to get up a lot. A short haircut curd flew to Czechia from Sulejmania, a town in northeast Iraq, where she works as a pediatrician in the hospital and in the afternoon she still treats small patients as part of private practice. In addition, he teaches at the university.
Spilková in par. In Indianapolis after the first round is on the border of progress
Golfer Klára Spilková is after the first round of the Tech Championship tournament in Indianapolis on the line of advance to the final rounds. On Thursday, she played two birdies, two bogeys and finished the opening day in par. With the result of 72, he is divided 69. place, which is the expected cut.
Forty-year-old Spilková returned to the circuit a month ago after a two-month health break and did not pass the second half of the tournament in Portland. She rested due to fatigue and exhaustion after a transient illness.
The first Czech winner of the professional tournament on the European series LET is a member of the LPGA Tour for the first year and she is not doing well yet. Out of twelve tournaments she passed cut three times, preferably 32. in Hawaii. He is fighting to keep the card for the next season.
The Indianapolis tournament was played best by Korean Hor Mi-zhong. After the first round he has a score of-9 and a lead of two shots before the trio of the opponent.
Prague Stock Exchange grew slightly, Czech banks, O2 or Avast thrived
Prague Stock Exchange closed the business week with a slight increase. PX index has risen by 0,13 percent to 1038,45 points. He was drawn up by Czech banks, telecommunications company O2 or Avast technology company. On the contrary, the Austrian titles and media company CME failed. This follows from the results of trading on the stock market website.
For most of Friday's seance, Prague's stock exchange traded in slightly positive territory and finally finished with a small profit. ′′ However, he lost slightly over one percent in the whole week (PX index)," said Josef Dudek from Fio bank.
Domestic banks have partly corrected the decline in recent days. Komerční banka improved by 0,82 percent to 803 crowns and Moneta Money Bank by 0,41 percent to 72,80 CZK. Avast shares were evaluated by 0,89 percent to 113 crowns and the operator O2 credited 0,46 percent to 216,50 CZK.
Kofola securities increased the most, by 1,38 percent to 294 crowns. The tobacco company Philip Morris gained less than a percentage, whose shares increased to 13 640 CZK.
Securities of the energy company CEZ stagnated at Thursday's value of 520 crowns.
Three titles were lost - Erste Bank wrote back 0,87 percent to 779,20 crowns, CME 0,73 percent to 109 crowns and VIG insurance company 0,40 percent to 618 crowns.
The crown slightly weakened against both major world currencies. She lost four pennies for 25,85 CZK / EUR, three pennies for 23,62 CZK / USD for the dollar. It follows from the data on Patria Online server.
My heart is like a bell and a non-smoker lung. I'll just have a few infusions, Zeman was joking
The Head of State underwent a few hours medical examination at the Central Military Hospital (ÚVN) on Tuesday. According to the director of the hospital Miroslav Zavorala, doctors found no ′′ diseases ′′ in the president. The president will celebrate his 75. th birthday on Saturday.
The president's doctors revealed slight signs of dehydration during inspection. His low pressure problems were caused by insufficient watering. ′′ To fix the dehydration of the organism, I will have several infusions that will put minerals into my body," said Zeman.
However, according to him, the director of the UVN stated that ′′ the Czech state has a healthy president ". The president mentioned in this context that Zavoral received several hate messages due to his health inspection.
According to the president, doctors thoroughly examined him and did not leave out a single place on the body. ′′ So a brief recap: the heart beats like a bell, the lungs are clean as if it weren't a smoker, the liver works like I'm an abstinent, the kidneys are fine too and I can go on and on," said Zeman.
IDNES editorial office. cz contacted the military hospital to comment on Zeman's statement about her health.
The issue of Zeman's health became a topic especially during last year's presidential election or some public appearances, where Zeman has distinctly problems with walking. According to the Prague Castle, the president walks badly due to diabetic polyfunctional neuropathy. He also has problems with low pressure and harder to hear. He reduced smoking due to his health.
Scientists are looking for toddlers with congenital defect, called. ankle valgozity
Valgozita (ankle) is a congenital defect that affects five to ten percent of children. Standard treatment is treated with intense exercise. Scientists are trying to help these children even more, so they have developed special footwear that should significantly accelerate the treatment.
′′ We have two prototypes of shoes that will wear healthy children and children diagnosed to map the effect of both groups. Participation in research will have no risks for children and measurement will be completely painless," explains Marta Gimunová, head of research from the Faculty of Sports Studies MU.
Parents of both groups of children can report to the study via the website where registration form and all information is available.
Scientists are looking for fifty children with diagnosis and fifty healthy children. Half of each group will always wear health shoes and half will not.
′′ The moment when parents should sign their child in is when they embark on the first separate steps, typically let go of furniture they hold on to when trying to walk. Participation in research involves three measurements within seven months of the child's first steps, each taking about 20 minutes, half of participants also involves wearing tested footwear," Gimunova warns.
Pike in a pond or relatively beneficial scanzen?
Babiš chose for his optimistic view statistics such as good security (Czech Republic is the seventh in the world), low unemployment rate, low national debt. Or an indication that according to one recent study our country is 140th in quality of life from 140 countries rated.
However, developer Dušan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot presented other, not so ′′ pink ′′ data in a television interview on the occasion of the Summit of Architecture and Development. For example, the Czech Republic is in 154. th place in the world at the speed of construction proceedings. This may happen that the current economic ′′ boom ′′ leaves behind no significant building heritage as it has been in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only existing legislation, but also slow, inefficient red tape. Which is also documented by comparative studies, where the Czech Republic lags significantly in the overall quality and performance of the public administration behind developed countries.
Our country has simply not yet managed to use the potential of good economic situation of recent years to invest in the future. It is nice that salaries and pensions are increasing, but people with a better standard of living will also want to have a place to live, modern and fast travel, have quality cultural stands, live without unbearable ecological burden.
However, in the capital city of Prague, it has not been possible to complete the internal and external circuit or build a fast track or metro to the airport. And Prague does not have a modern, architecturally courageous national library, concert hall, or national gallery. The reason for this is not only absurd tricks about architectural competitions, territorial plans and building permits, but also some specifically Czech conservatism, which sticks to the motto ′′ every bolder change is for the worse ".
And when something more courageous seems to be possible, monuments or other somewhat greedy associations or politicians will almost certainly be ruined. In the ridiculous drama around Jan Kaplického's ′′ blob ′′ designed for the new National Library building, President Václav Klaus even wanted to tie himself to excavators.
However, the list does not end in Prague. The Czech Republic is unable to build its spine highway network, nor to start building train speed lines, so Germany finally decided to lead its railways for super fast trains from Berlin to Vienna by a ′′ detour ′′ through Bavaria. Moreover, in šlendrian, repairs of existing infrastructure are sometimes drowned. Getting from Prague to Brno quickly is now a puzzle.
Babiš came into politics with a promise to ′′ arrange things ". When it comes to meaningful investments and acceleration of cumbersome bureaucratic procedures, but not much has happened yet. Since 2018, although the amendment to the Act on accelerating the construction of transport infrastructure has been valid, but we will have to wait for the extensive positive effects of, for example, easier expropriation of land. And a new construction law, approved by the government, which should shorten the current average length of construction proceedings from 5,4 year to one year, will start, if we are lucky, they say many people would probably get used to it didn't.
Uncombed wants 45 million from the state
According to the spokesman of the office Vladimir Rape, the Ministry of Justice has received six applications in this connection and is now analyzing them. The young man was in prison for assaulting a woman for two years, but the judiciary finally cleared him.
The call in the case was not submitted by both the chief prosecutor Pavel Zeman and the Minister of Justice Marie Benešová.
The attempted murder of a hairdresser in Hořicích took place in February 2013. by the Hradec Prosecutor's Office accused him of a 2013.-year-old student of the Nečesaného high school. The prosecution claimed he hit a woman in the head several times with a log and took over ten thousand crowns from her. Her son found a seriously injured woman, her life was saved by Hradec hospital doctors.
Uncombed from the beginning refused any guilt. ′′ I'm innocent and I swear on that. I am sincerely sorry for what happened to the damaged, but I am not the culprit," earlier said a young man in court who did not deny that the hairdresser was a fateful day. Apparently he wanted to get a haircut. But he left after his wife told him that he was closing. He then applied himself as a witness to the police.
The hairdresser did not recognize him as an aggressor during interrogation, but later she did not recognize him as an attacker. According to forensic experts, she suffered memory failures after the attack.
The Hradec Regional Court gradually passed five judgments in the case. First he found guilty twice and imposed on him 16 years in prison, the Court of Appeal reduced his sentence to 13 years. The uncombed gradually headed behind bars twice, but every time he got free after the Supreme Court intervention. After the ordered exchange of the Judiciary Chamber, repeatedly exonerating judgments were eventually passed, with the last one this March confirmed by the Supreme Court.
However, the chairman of the Board of Appeal Jiří Lněnička also stated in the justification of his conclusions that this decision was wrong, but due to the procedural situation, he was not supposed to have a better option. He said the prosecutor dismissed the dismissal verdict even though her appeal objections were justified.
′′ The problem of this matter is not that there is lack of evidence, but their assessment. We believe that enough evidence was collected in the preparatory proceedings to be sufficient in another criminal matter to acknowledge the guilt," Lněnička stated.
But Hradec, but also the Supreme Court looked at the case differently and their opinion would probably not change another revocation of the liberating sentence.
Epilepsy made his love for sports complicated, thanks to surgery he has new hope
For the first time, the parents of Honzík noticed that there was something wrong with him, in a year and a half. He always looked into the space for a few minutes, he was immobilized and did not respond to anyone. Therefore, the pediatrician sent him to a pediatric neurological clinic, where doctors diagnosed him with epilepsy after a series of tests and immediately injected him with medicines, which did not work immediately.
It took almost a year for doctors to find the ideal combination of medicines that made him completely stop having seizures. At five years old, doctors took off his meds and because the seizures did not return, parents thought Honza was healthy and started to lead him to sports more. Bike riding, skiing, playing tennis and floorball, spent his free time playing with his sister and friends. But at eleven years old he had another seizure and everything started again.
Doctors tried various combinations of medicines again, but this time nothing worked, seizures in the form of absences repeated all the time. Since Honza always stopped perceiving during the seizure, parents were terrified that he would get him during sports and get hurt. Gradually, Honza stopped riding bikes and traded the downhill skis for cross country skiing and snowboarding. Although the sport caused him a seizure from time to time, he never gave it up entirely. He even fulfilled his dream and ran the Spartan Race race, but together with a friend who was always in her sight to help in case of an emergency.
When Honza was 15 years old, parents decided to try to change doctors and contact experts at FN in Motole. After a series of tests, the doctors there decided that Honza is a candidate for a surgical procedure, which will remove a bearing from his brain - a source of epileptic seizures. ′′ I had to do 2 surgeries in a row, first doctors injected probes into my brain that took his activity, then they could only remove my bearing. It's been hell for me for several weeks. I just had to lie down and hardly move, wires that were attached to the computer were sticking out of my head," Honza remembers.
The surgery went well and doctors removed quite extensive bearing. ′′ The first days after the surgery were very mentally demanding, Honza was apathetic, confused, sad and hardly talked. Compared to how normal and communicative he is, it was a scary change, but luckily everything returned to normal after a few days," says mommy and she adds: ′′ A month and a half after surgery he had 1 seizures, but according to doctors, it didn't work out it happens. Since then he has been seizure free for 3 months."
Honza will graduate this year, besides sports, he enjoys languages and started working with Society E, with whom he goes to schools for discussion about epilepsy. Honza is not fully dedicated to sports activities yet, she starts to return to sports slowly. ′′ Learning how to sport correctly, how to breathe well so that I don't put my body through sudden stress, which is quite a nut job with my competitive nature," Honza explains.
Therefore, this year, they will not participate actively in the traditional EPPI water triathlon, where sick people meet with epilepsy and health athletes and which is happening this weekend on September 28., 2019 at Veselská sandstone. But next year hopefully it will.
XXX Lutz can buy a competitor Kiko, approved by the authority. What a catch
′′ The Competition Authority approved the concentration of competitors - XLCEE-Holding GmbH on the one hand, and companies Kika Furniture and Lambda Properties Czechia on the other hand," said ÚOHS Martin Švanda I'm sorry.
XLCEE-Holding besides chain XXX Lutz owns Möbelix stores. If Kika was to absorb the chain, it would occupy too much of the Czech furniture and accessories market. Therefore, part of the bought company has to be sold.
XLCEE-Holding buys Kika branches in other countries where the chain works, i.e. Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. Even there, the transaction must be allowed by antitrust authorities. The purchase of 22 foreign branches of Kika chain from Signna announced XXX Lutz in May. Signa took over the collapsing Kiku last year for a symbolic price.
Kika chain entered the Czech market in 2005 and is a duo after the Swedish company IKEA. Before the Austrian company Signa took over, it belonged to the South African company Steinhoff International Holdings since 2013 She faced problems when she exposed irregularities in her accounting. Kika has nine stores in the Czech Republic.
XXX Lutz has been operating in the Czech Republic since 2010. Besides IKEA, Sonto, Jysk or Asko-Furniture and Kika, one of the largest furniture sellers on the domestic market. The brand Möbelix has the same owner. After taking over Kiky's foreign branches, XXX Lutz will run over 300 malls in 12 countries. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is EUR 4,4 billion (about CZK 114 billion).
The library commemorates the anniversary of the death of Václav IV. exhibition of manuscripts
Six rare historical manuscripts from the turn of the 14. th and 15. th century, i.e. from the time of Roman and Czech king Václav IV, can be viewed by people in Klementin Prague today and Saturday. The National Library released them from its vaults to commemorate this year's 600. th anniversary of Wenceslas's death. This morning librarians and restorers placed rare originals in the mirror chapel. Entrance to the exhibition is free, open for both days from 10:00 to 18:00.
Exhibition of documents called Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the royal office and library of Václav IV. prepared by the library together with the National Archive. On written heritage from the time of Václav IV reign. the National Archive is looking from the perspective of official documents and the National Library from the point of view of literary works, announced by its author Jan Vojtíšek.
′′ Visitors can, for example, look forward to the work of Petra de Crescentiis agriculture, which is basically an encyclopedia of agriculture, or a breviary, a prayer book of one of the Benedictines of the monastery of St. Jiří at Prague Castle, from the beginning of the 15. th century, listed reasons why people should look at the exhibition according to him.
The Epistles of Peter from Blois will also be exposed, where the half-character of the English king Henry II is depicted in the opening miniature H (enrico). The author of the decoration is most likely the Master of Samson's history, who is next to two bundles of the Bible Václav IV. He also participated in the decoration of a number of other manuscripts. Visitors will also see a Latin choir of John Wycliffe tractors from around 1411 to 1414.
From Václav IV library. not a single book has been preserved in Czech territory. According to experts, this library was one of the largest and most beautiful book collections in Central Europe, because the young king wanted to build a representative library to match the book collections of his French relatives. However, the library disappeared soon after Wenceslas died. Apparently it was robbed or destroyed while conquering Hussite Castle. A few codes were saved though. The Austrian National Library nowadays own the most.
′′ We have a variety of treasures in our collections and I am glad they are in a state that allows them to be exhibited and made public so-called live and not only in the form of Manuscriptorium digital library," said the director of the National Library Martin Kocanda.
On Saturday's national holiday, the exhibition called What is hiding under the floor, which represents the archaeological discoveries will be open in Klementin for free.
Kristýna Plíšková did not make it to the finals, she is missing the second title
The plush environment in Tashkent testified, in 2016 she won her first tournament at the WTA circuit and this year she was very sovereign.
After winning with Paolini, Kawa and Kužmovou, she fought her way through the top four players.
But the match with Alison Van Uytvancková did not go well for Christina. The Belgian woman held her submission and broke Plíšková's service twice in the first set. In the second set Van Uytvanckova went to the 3:0 lead soon and the twist of Christina failed, although she finally managed to transform even one glasses. In the last one, she averted one sword, but at the second one came the end.
Petra Černocká changed her image and did good! She got younger in light hair
Film Saxana Petra Černocká (69) looks absolutely fantastic for her age. Even though she celebrates her life jubilee in November, she never looked like a pensioner. And now she helped it. She changed her image until her colleagues didn't recognize her.
Actress Petra Černocká never looked like a typical grandmother who had her hair woven with gray color, she wore settlements and went sporadically into the company. She always took care of herself and the older she gets, the more she can untie herself in view of her image.
Fortunately, it did not succumb to the trend of plastic surgery and takes care of the skin with good old indulona. And her anti-wrinkle recipe is paying off. But now she changed her hair color and absolutely saw through it.
When she came to a social event where celebrities said goodbye to summer, no one could recognize Petra. Not only did she have lighter and shorter hair, but she was still dressed in a yellow coat that brightened her even more.
Ladies should learn from Saxans how to not underestimate themselves that even on the threshold of seventies they can risk looking. And Peter paid off, she looks like fifty tops.
Traveler Zikmund or General Boček. The Senate gave away commemorative medals
The-year-old Boček, who was a British Air Force fighter during the Second World War, thanked on behalf of all the awarded medals. ′′ The Senate was one of the first to remember and forget about war veterans," he said among other things. ′′ The award I received today also goes to my friends who are no longer among us," he added.
Kubera warned against the division of society in his speech. ′′ Let us not forget our roots, which connect and shape us all whether we want or not. After all, these values are based on our successful present," said Kubera.
The award was a cardiologist and the most quoted Czech scientist Renata Cífková, longtime rector of the University of Tomas Bata in Zlín Petr Sáha, geologist, writer and traveler and popularizer of science Václav Cílek, chairman of the Czech biathlon Union and vice president of the World Biathlon Union Jiří Hamza and František Paštěka. The upper chamber appreciated his heroism - this January he saved the life of his neighbor and his two-year-old granddaughter when he pulled them out of a burning car. The former chairmen of the upper chamber Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch also received the medals.
Zikmund and Jiřím Hanzelka made a number of travel expeditions around the world, where they collected a number of documentary materials. Fištejn was a commentator and director of Radio Free Europe broadcasting, now cooperating with public media. Steigerwald also acts as a playwright and writer, musician Kocáb was the head of the parliamentary commission for oversight of Soviet troops.
The medal was received in advance by astronomer and emeritus head of the UN Office for Space Affairs Luboš Perek in July on the occasion of his th birthday. Until the end of the year, Czech native and first US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and British philosopher and political scientist Roger Scruton, who participated among other things in the activities of the so-called underground university during the communist regime in former Czechoslovakia.
The application will help to equip workshops. Behind the points gained by movement
Equip the woodworking workshop of Hodonin Integrated School with new hand tools. This can now be earned by all those who download the EPP App to their mobile phones Help with movement.
′′ With your movement you collect points, which you will then add to our project account. You don't have to be a racing runner or a cyclist, points are loaded even when you go for a dog walk or shop, go for a walk or walk to work," said the director of Hodonin School Eva Schmidová. The project got among the most interesting from a huge number of other applications for the ČEZ Foundation. The application will only be active for one month.
