An unusually open and unique image of Karel Gott in Olga Špátová's feature documentary film
This unique film from the workshop of Olga Špátová will be released in Czech cinemas next spring.
"In mid-September last year, Ivanka and Karel Gott called me and asked me if I would make a documentary about his life with Karel again after ten years. I did not hesitate for a minute! Filming with a man who has lasted more than half a century in the spotlight of Czech culture thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and immeasurable diligence was and is a great honour for me. I accepted the call to make a feature documentary film about Karel Gott, who brings joy to three generations of listeners with his art, as a commitment to this legendary singer," director Olga Špátová describes her feelings.
Thanks to a quick agreement and agreement, the first day of shooting took place on 22 October last year and the last footage with Karel Gott was shot a few days ago. The goal was and is absolutely clear - to capture authentically Karel Gott as a phenomenal singer who gives himself away to his fans, as a painter, but also as a loving husband and father of his children. A man who for sixty years has been giving joy with his songs to several generations not only in our country, but also in Europe, and indeed all over the world. A man who has written himself into the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The film is not meant to be a showcase of the undisputed fame of Karel Gott and his achievements. "Therefore, it is not even possible to compare my previous film The Phenomenon Gott with this current one. Everyone is different. At least because we filmed them at a different stage of Karel Gott's life, and this will be very evident in his personal, even intimate confession, which he gave us and which confirmed to all of us the legend with which we have the opportunity to work and spend time, which is truly indescribable," adds Olga Špátová.
The creators captured Karel Gott during his performances, during meetings with his fans in our country and in Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, at a cottage in Czech Switzerland, in the village where he spent his childhood, and in other places that played an important role in his life. Thanks to the sincere openness of Karel Gott, the film will be completely authentic and unique.
"Olga has a great gift for shooting with her close team so that we often got carried away with the spontaneous atmosphere and naturally let her into our privacy, thanks to which I talked about topics that were quite intimate. She and her husband, cameraman Jan Malíř, actually became part of our family. We originally wanted to release the film in 2019, when I celebrated the jubilee of my life. But because I still had a beautiful summer with my family, I wanted us to shoot for as long as possible. Well, since there were a lot of me in 2019, my wish was that it would be released in cinemas next spring. This documentary film is a thank you to my fans and to all those who supported and accompanied me in my profession," Karel Gott himself said about the film.
Insects are up to 60 times smaller than 40 years ago
No other animal class is more represented in nature than insects. Beetles, butterflies and other species account for more than half of life on Earth. However, there are increasing reports that the insect kingdom is shrinking radically. Another scientific study on the subject was published just this week and the situation is even more serious than humanity previously realized.
The study is based on a field survey in a tropical forest in Puerto Rico, in which American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As they wrote at the beginning of the report, insects are now "ten to sixty times fewer" in the forest. This is a decline in the entire population, not in the number of species, and the research involved not only insects but all arthropods. Due to the extinction of insects, the population of other fauna that depend on insects in the food chain, such as birds, frogs or lizards, is also shrinking.
The authors of the research link their conclusions directly to climate change. The average air temperature in the forest has risen by two degrees Celsius in the last thirty years and warming has become the driving force behind the collapse of the food chain. According to the author's team, the study shows that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems may be much greater than previously thought.
The report was the subject of a major article in the Washington Post on Monday, which headlines the new findings as hyper-larming. "It's one of the most disturbing articles I've ever read," entomologist David Wagner of the University of Connecticut told the paper, citing him as an independent expert.
The extinction of insects also affects Europe. "In our country, the decline is also of the order of magnitude," says Lukáš Čížek from the Entomological Institute of the Academy of Sciences. According to him, however, besides climate change, it is also necessary to take into account the changes in the landscape, which play an essential role in Europe. "In our country, it only runs for a significantly longer time than in Puerto Rico," adds Čížek, explaining why scientists could measure such a rapid decline in the forest compared to the 1970s.
Czechs in Europe Ondřej Houska: Should Czechoslovakia have rejected the Munich Agreement in 1938 and gone to war with Germany? Three times NO
An undated picture shows Adolf Hitler visiting the Czechoslovak border fortifications. The task of the fortresses was never to stop the German army, but to slow its advance before the Allies joined in.
If, almost exactly 81 years ago, Czechoslovakia had rejected the Munich agreement and then faced a German attack, what would have taken the most Czechoslovak soldiers out of the fight? German tanks, air force, or perhaps artillery? It might not have been either of these weapons, even though the Germans had an overwhelming advantage over the Czechoslovaks. The Czechoslovak army would probably have suffered the greatest losses - due to blisters.
Police union president Štěpánek resigns, wants to live as a free man
The president of the Independent Union of Police, Milan Štěpánek, has decided to leave his post. This was announced on Friday by Czech Radio - Radiožurnál. Štěpánek has led the union since 2005. He will continue to be president of the union for two months. He will remain in the police force after leaving the head of the union.
"I can confirm that this week I handed over to the Bureau my written resignation, after which I will continue to hold full office for two months," Štěpánek told Radiožurnál. "I decided as a free man who does not want to be tied to a trade union forever. And who wants to live a quieter life," he said.
The independent trade union of the Police of the Czech Republic brings together members and employees of the security forces or employees of the Ministry of the Interior. Among other things, the union participated in police protests against budget cuts or petitions for better conditions for the security forces. For example, in 2011, it got into a dispute with the then Minister of the Interior Radek John and organized a petition for his resignation. The leadership of the ruling coalition later agreed on John's departure.
The museum in Semilech returns to the Velvet Revolution with an exhibition
An imitation of a normalisation room with a television showing footage of the brutal crackdown by police officers on students on 17 November 1989 in Prague. It is also in the new exhibition of the museum in Semilech, which is dedicated to the Velvet Revolution. "The basis is to present what happened in Semilech after the events on the National Avenue," said Tomáš Chvátal, curator of the exhibition.
"I would say that the atmosphere was basically the same everywhere, with the first demonstration in Semilech on 22 November, and then every day more people gradually packed in," he said. Among the most active were initially a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěcha, who was the only one from the city and the surrounding area to sign Charter 77, and Mr and Mrs Dědečková, who were distributing the petition Several Sentences. According to Chvátal, the Civic Forum was also created quite quickly. "One specificity is that there was a very strong group of local doctors in the Civic Forum," said the curator.
Visitors should be drawn to what happened in the city at the time by about 50 photographs, the pictures were taken 30 years ago by Karel Bárta. There was also a video of the general strike on November 27, 1989, filmed by František Tomíček, which will be played in a loop throughout the exhibition. Ivan Voice also spoke and sang at the demonstration. The Seminole Archive also lent a number of preserved banners to the exhibition at the time. "They said: Let's not get drunk on a roll, From trough to trough, We don't want violence," said Chvátal. Some changes in the city were very rapid at the time, for example in December, people decided in an all-Seminole vote that the square would be Riegro's and cancelled the previous name Gottwald.
The exhibition also captures the events before the events in November. "In the first part, we present to the old-timers and students what happened before, such a late normalisation. I think we managed to collect unique documents from Semil, whether they are banners with various communist slogans or a bronze plaque from the museum of the labour movement at the time," said Chvátal. One room is meant to give a feeling of what it might have looked like in the living room of an ordinary household at the time.
The last part of the exhibition focuses on what happened after the Velvet Revolution. It focuses on the first free elections. "We wallpapered one room with election posters. Those who experienced it will remember over the posters With Us to Europe or there is Václav Klaus still under the heading OF with the beautiful motto Everybody for their community," added the curator.
Let the fans be positive, wishes Hašek. Sparta faces a showdown in Pilsen
"We will play to the limit, we will do everything in our power to succeed, so that we can manage the match both in terms of games and results," promised Spartan Martin Hašek in an interview for club television.
In the week, the goal decided the cup duel in Jihlava (2: 1). Sparta advanced to the next round, which was a duty for her. She was relieved, but the game continues to suffer.
Even though the season is slowly spilling over into the second period, Sparta is still looking for the face that coach Václav Jílek spoke about at the beginning of his engagement.
"But it is still Sparta, which has very good players. We have a difficult game ahead of us," warns Roman Procházka.
The last time the Spartans arrived in Štruncová sady, in mid-May it was a definite affair in the superstructure. The visitors left after a mindless performance with a 0-4 thrashing, the biggest in the history of the independent Czech league.
While the gap between the clubs in the table was eight points before the match, Sparta is now nine points behind after ten matches of the new season. It is experiencing one of the worst entries into the season ever.
"It is not an easy situation either for us or for fans who would like to see their beloved club completely different from what it is at the moment," feels Hašek. "But we would like them to continue to support us, stay positive and stand behind us."
Sparta does not know if she will be able to use Tetteh in Plzeň, who received a two-match penalty for his suspension in Plzeň but appealed against it on Friday.
Costa, Dočkal, Drchal, Panák, Pulkrab, Zahustel, Krejčí and Kadlec, who is the only one of the cadre to remember the last Spartan victory in Pilsen in 2011, remain in the numerous sickbay.
The home side, who have won their last five matches, including Wednesday's cup in Hlučín, should only be missing midfielder Čermák and, as captain, they should be led into the match by defender Jakub Brabec, a Spartan outcast.
Download Metro 2033 Redux and Everything for free on PC, you have until Thursday
The link to both games is on the Epic Store here. You can include the games in your library directly via the web, but you need to download the Epic Games Launcher client to play. You have until October 3.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original game from 2010, adding graphics and gameplay changes from the Last Light sequel.
The story, based on Dmitri Glukhovsky's book of the same name, takes place in 2033 in Russia after the nuclear war. The Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Humanity had to take refuge underground, in our case in the vast complexes of the Moscow metro.
"Take the post-apocalyptic world and the oppressive atmosphere from an unknown environment, reduce the vastness of the world and add a lot of spectacular scripts and action passages and tradáá: Metro 2033 is in the world," we wrote on Bonusweb in a period review.
Everything, on the other hand, is a relaxing gameplay in a procedurally generated world that carries the message of the English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. A player can become anything from animals to trees to the planet.
You must have JavaScript support enabled to view the video.
"Frightening result of study." Islam does not belong in the West, the vast majority of Austrians think
1,200 respondents were interviewed, and the survey shows considerable distrust of Islam in Austrian society.
Nearly 60 percent of the Austrian population fears that some Muslims are terrorists, and 48 percent would call for a ban on building mosques. 80 percent are in favor of greater monitoring of Islam's centers.
Most Austrians also want Muslims to be restricted in their religious practices, saying that the presence of Muslims sometimes makes them feel like foreigners in their own country.
"The result of the study is frightening," says study author Wolfgang Aschauer, adding: "Such a tendency towards ethnocentrism could eventually lead to the adoption of discriminatory attitudes. Religious freedoms granted to Muslims are at risk of narrowing."
For believers, the critical stance is less pronounced. Aschauer says that in Austria, it is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. Dialogue and education could help blunt polarization, according to the sociologist.
According to the study, the most hostile attitudes towards Muslims are held by voters of the extreme right, people without a university degree or seniors over the age of 75, while the most welcoming are Green voters, people under the age of 30 and university students.
According to estimates by the Austrian Interior Ministry, there are approximately 700,000 Muslims in Austria, which has a population of roughly 8.7 million. The vast majority have Turkish roots. There are more than 400 Muslim prayers and mosques in the country, and Islam has been officially recognized as a religion since 1912.
Thomas Cook: Czechs kicked out of hotel in Majorca. Guarantees were not enough
The Austrian, German and Polish divisions of the group also filed for insolvency in the week. The future of the Czech branch is currently under discussion and should be decided by the end of September.
According to the deputy chairman of the Association of Travel Agents of the Czech Republic, Jan Pope, there are three options for possible solutions in play - liquidation will be announced, or the company will be sold, or a team from the Czech branch will set up a new travel agency. "Which one it will be, but it cannot be predicted, will be up to the German owner," he told ČTK today.
In addition to the two prematurely terminated trips, the TA also deals with cases where clients had to pay for their stay out of their own pocket, although the company tries to provide guarantees to hoteliers. The TA has promised to pay its clients, according to the Pope, the company has sufficient security to do so.
The problems in the hotels arose mainly in Majorca, where the company also asked for help from the Czech consulate. In this context, the Pope described to ČTK one of the cases in which the hotel there fired all tourists from the office. "The hotelier could not determine who belongs to the German company and who belongs to the Czech company. He therefore threw everyone out of the hotel even though the domestic Neckermann provided guarantees," he said. According to Šrámek, the situation was eventually resolved.
The Czech branch of the bankrupt British group Thomas Cook increased its revenues to 995 million crowns last year, up nearly 21 percent year-on-year, according to the company's annual report. It covers the financial year from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. The company's net profit, on the other hand, decreased by about seven million crowns to 15.3 million crowns. From previous years, however, the company still had an outstanding loss of nearly 103 million crowns. The branch includes two basic divisions - besides CK Neckermann, it is also Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump considers revoking US registration of Chinese shares
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration is considering revoking permits for Chinese firms to trade on stock markets in the United States, an informed source told Reuters today, a move that would be a radical escalation of trade tensions between the U.S. and China. Shares of the firms in question on the New York Stock Exchange immediately went down on the news, dragging down the entire market.
The withdrawal of shares would be part of a broader effort to curb US investment in China, the source added, confirming a Bloomberg report that had sent financial markets into shock shortly before. Shares in Chinese firms Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI were down between two and four percent.
According to government data from February, 156 Chinese companies are traded on the US Nasdaq and NYSE stock exchanges, including at least 11 state-owned enterprises.
Bloomberg pointed out that a precise mechanism has not yet been worked out to ensure the withdrawal of shares in Chinese companies from US stock exchanges. Any plan would have to be approved by Trump, who has given the green light to negotiations on the matter.
China and the US have been engaged in a trade war for more than a year, imposing tariffs on each other. The dispute between the two countries has had negative effects on the world economy and is raising fears of a recession in the global economy. Washington is using tariffs to try to get Beijing to change its trade practices and reduce China's trade surplus with the US.
According to CNBC, trade talks between the US and China are expected to resume on October 10, with the aim of ending the trade war.
Police charge CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangrác over promotion contracts
Police have charged the former manager of the state agency CzechTourism, Aleš Pangrác, over contracts for promotion. Pangrác confirmed to SeznamNews that he took over the charges this week. Czech Television (ČT) reported last year that police officers were examining contracts worth 38 million crowns in the case. According to the police, some of the money was going back to Pangrác, the server reports. In the case, criminals were also interested in the Minister for Regional Development, Klára Dostálová (for ANO), whose department CzechTourism belongs to. The investigation in the case is continuing, according to the server.
Detectives from the National Centre against Organised Crime secured evidence in this case in the second half of last November. For example, they were at the headquarters of the Ministry of Regional Development, at the headquarters of CzechTourism, at the autodrome in Most or at the agency Sport Invest. They also took the service computer from the Minister's apartment. The court order for the search of the home of Dostálová, which was previously quoted by ČT, stated that the Minister decided in 2016, when she was deputy, on the expenses of CzechTourism for the benefit of the chosen persons through mediation and outside the standard official procedure. Dostálová said at the time that she felt absolutely innocent, she did not err, she could document everything and she was fully cooperating with the police.
According to the agency, it was an individual error. The media had previously reported that he was the former director of the regional partnership department in CzechTourism, Aleš Pangrác, who was dismissed because of the results of the audit. This showed that CzechTourism had concluded 48 problematic contracts.
"Yes, they accused me, but I don't want to say any more," Pangrác told the North News List.
Vandal vandalizes cemetery in Dobruška
According to a report received by the police, the vandalism of the dispersal meadow inside the Dobruška cemetery was to take place on Wednesday between 13 and 17: 00.
"The material damage has been estimated at CZK 60,000. Officers are asking any witnesses to the event to report their findings in person at the service or by telephone on toll-free line 158," police spokeswoman Lucie Konečná said.
Criminals are investigating the case as criminal damage and disorderly conduct, punishable by up to three years in prison.
Hundreds of enslaved children freed from religious school in Nigeria
According to the BBC, there were nearly five hundred men and boys, Reuters reported, citing the police commissioner, that there were over three hundred children from the age of five. Some were chained together, others were chained to iron rings in the wall.
Kaduna police chief Ali Janga told the BBC that the raid on the school was carried out on the basis of a tip-off. He described the school as a house of horrors. Starving people were held there by force, tortured and sexually abused. They could not leave, there was razor wire over the walls. He said it was a case of slavery.
Several people were detained during the raid, according to police spokesman Jakubu Saboa, who was a teacher there.
The children told police that they were taken to the school by parents or relatives, saying it was a religious school. "We identified two children who are from Burkina Faso, but most of them were brought here by parents from Nigerian states in the north," Sabo said, referring to the identity of the victims. Nigeria's northern states are predominantly Muslim.
Imam Ahmad bin Hanbal's school posed as a religious school dedicated to the study of the Koran.
Those freed were taken to the stadium, where they are being provided with aid and food, and some have already met relatives.
French chef sues Michelin over star removal. I suffer from depression, he says
The renowned French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star in January this year, a year after he won it. He plans to sue the publisher of the red guide to get the exact reasons for the demotion. Veyrat also questions the competence of Michelin inspectors, who he said mistook saffron for cheddar. The first court hearing is due in November.
The chef of the famous La Maison de Bois restaurant in the Alpine region of Upper Savoy lost one of his three Michelin stars in January of this year. He will sue the publisher of the prestigious Le Guide Michelin because he said the commissioners' conclusion was not properly justified. Moreover, he said, the withdrawal of the star took place without any notice. "I have been depressed for six months. How dare you mess with the health of the cooks?" Veyrat told the commissioners.
Michelin is said to have given the chef only vague reasons, such as that the chef put cheddar in the soufflé, which the inspection did not like. "I put saffron in it and the gentlemen thought it was cheddar because it was yellow. From the beginning, I work with Savoy ingredients with love," he said, objecting to Veyrat's decision. He is convinced of the strong incompetence of the Michelin commissioners: "You are frauds who only cause controversy for commercial reasons." An indignant Veyrat does not understand "how they could afford to say that we put cheddar in our soufflé." "They also insulted our region, my employees were mad about it. We have eggs from our hens, milk from our own cows, gardeners collect fresh herbs every morning," he said.
The prominent chef, always wearing a black hat and dark glasses, is an opponent of the new generation of Michelin commissioners and is therefore calling for his restaurant to be removed from the red guide. However, the publisher refuses. "If the business remains open and our inspectors re-select it, we will continue to recommend it," says Gwendal Poullennec, Michelin's international director.
According to Michelin, the chef's lawsuit shows that he does not yet have a meaningful accusation and the lawyer is yet to help him formulate it. "We regret that Mr. Veyrat is communicating with us roughly, but we will examine his comments carefully," he said.
In addition to La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart owns two other three-star restaurants.
Technically perfect confusion with a weak script. Gemini Man with Will Smith didn't sway the criticism
The dystopian sci-fi spectacle Gemini Man boasts an interesting premise - Will Smith will face his younger version in the film. According to critics, however, the story is the weakest part of the film. The film hits Czech cinemas on October 10.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is at the cutting edge of his field. He kills efficiently and without asking questions. But one day he decides to hang up his career. Of course, his employers don't like it, who send another killer after Henry. The catch is that the killer is Henry himself, or rather his younger clone made of DNA. Can one determined man win a fight over himself? Literally this time.
Three-time Oscar winner Ang Lee was supposed to be a guarantee of quality. This is his first science fiction film, but he has extensive experience with dramatic action films, as he demonstrated in the aforementioned Tiger and the Dragon or the western Ride with the Devil. Six writers collaborated on the script. The most famous is definitely David Benioff, one of the creators of the highly successful Game of Thrones. According to initial reports, however, all of this was not enough for a good film.
"Even though Ang Lee is trying to do great things in technical filmmaking, the film itself does not have the character to highlight it," thinks Fionnuala Hannigan of Screen Daily.
"This disappointing film is less than the sum total of all the talent involved in it. The weak script and plot are held together only by the technological magic of the filmmakers," said Stephen Dalton of The Hollywood Reporter.
"Gemini Man is a case in which a huge amount of work has resulted in an incredibly uniform action film," Variety reviewer Peter Deburge said.
"A confused product created with a bizarre idea," Ella Kemp of IndieWire summarized the film in her review.
"It's hard to care that one man is a double of the other when neither acts like a human," wrote Nicholas Barber of The Wrap.
List of bank accounts for children on the Czech market
Children's accounts are provided free of charge by banks. However, the offer needs to be considered because some other services to the accounts are already charged. "The motivation of banks to offer accounts for children, whose basic management is usually free, is straightforward. Financial houses are counting on the forgiven fees to be returned to them one day. With the small migration of Czechs between banks, they are probably not wrong," says Kristýna Kuncová from dTest.
"Small accounts," she said, can do almost anything that adult accounts can do. A child gets his or her own credit card, can enter payments, track account movements, has his or her own electronic banking somewhere. Banks set up an account, but it is up to parents to teach children how to use them and also to check their payments.
"Quite flexibly, a parent can set weekly or monthly limits, turn on and off individual services and the like. Above all, however, they can monitor what is happening on the account, whether by looking over the internet or by means of an information SMS. Beware, these may no longer be free," adds Kuncová, adding: "If a parent is considering an account for their child, they should consider their abilities and options."
Strict but fair, we enjoy the hours! That's how Benešov gymnasts see their favourite teacher writer
Humanism should be present in every good book, believes Pavel Hoza. The high school teacher of Czech and history is also a poet, prosaic and a waker of literary life in a small town.
Bohuslav Reynek comes to mind over Pavel Hoza's lyrics. His poetry, his paintings. Bare trees, whitish country buildings, quivering grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old roads and people who have been following them for centuries. Grieving, cursing, blessing. This contemporary successor of Reynk teaches Czech, literature and history at the gymnasium in Benešov, runs the equivalent of Prague's Viola at the Café na Sloveníčko and holds the Benešovský Literary Festival every year.
Wife swap: Ondra's parents cruelly abused him! He ended up in an institution
It was nerve-racking. The allegedly troubled son Ondřej (9) was severely punished by his father every now and then. "He came home from school and lied with a snack. Lukáš looked at me and said that he would kneel as punishment," Lucie said in the Exchange. Dad Lukáš forced little Ondra to kneel in the corner for several hours! Besides the cameras, he said he had to suffer like this on a wooden mat to massage his feet! "Ondřej came to me after the shooting and told me - aunt, I am making these troubles and notes just so that I am not here because I want to go to an institution," Lucie said, describing the moment when she fully understood what was happening behind the door of the studio. And the boy's wish finally came true...
His condition was so serious that he was taken from his family after filming and placed in the Centre for Educational Care in České Budějovice for a month. He returned to his father and surrogate mother Aneta (28) for a short time, but then went to a diagnostic institute for troubled children. "When I came home, Aneta immediately added me to her Facebook page, we wrote for a while. She was most interested in whether we got the money. I hardly reacted to that at all. But then she wrote to me that the little one was in an institution, that after that he was returned to them, now he is in a diagnostic hospital. They are both out of work," says Lucie's mother from Pilsen.
Lightning, of course, reached out to the other side, but received only a vague reply. "I'm not in the mood, I'm sick, call later," said Aneta, hanging up the phone.
Sparta does not want to lose Tetteh in Pilsen. She has appealed against the two-match penalty
Sparta has appealed against a two-match penalty for striker Benjamin Tetteh, who was suspended by the Disciplinary Board in Sunday's derby with Slavia (0-3).
The ticket club posted about it on its Twitter feed and is now awaiting the verdict of the appeal committee.
Tetteh has already served half of his sentence in Wednesday's domestic cup match in Jihlava. Sparta is now aiming for the 22-year-old Ghanaian striker to start in Sunday's 11th round of the first leg in Pilsen.
The situation from last October could be repeated. At that time, Olomouc appealed against the penalty for Šimon Falta, who on Thursday received a one-game suspension from the Disciplinary Board against Liberec.
The appeal committee did not have time to hear the case, so it suspended the effectiveness of the sentence and Falta was able to start on Saturday, ironically against Sparta.
The Commission finally confirmed the one-match penalty for the Olomouc midfielder in the following week and Falta missed the following duel with Zlín.
Tetteh was suspended for a foul on Glory's David Hovorka, for which he received a straight red card from referee Miroslav Zelinka in the 82nd minute.
The alleged spitting of a Ghanaian player on the captain of his opponent Tomáš Souček has not been proven.
Germans elect Keller as head of soccer union
Fritz Keller, the previous head of the Bundesliga side Freiburg, is expected to become the new chairman of the German Football Association. The 62-year-old winemaker, gastronomic and hotelier was elected unanimously for three years and had no opponent.
Keller replaced Reinhard Grindel, who resigned in April over an undeclared income affair. His other predecessors Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach will go on trial for possible bribery in the awarding of the 2006 World Cup.
Keller said one of the main goals would be to restore trust in the union and bring it out of the crisis. "It will not be a One Man Show, many people will be held accountable. The union is better than its reputation," said Keller, who presented all of his tasks under the slogan: Together, we can do it.
After being elected head of the union, Keller left his post in Freiburg.
There was a fire in the underground ČSA mine in Karviná, no one was injured
There was a fire in the underground Dolu ČSA in Karviná this morning. The cause of the fire is not yet known, but no one was injured in it, said Ivo Chelechovský, a spokesman for the mining company, to ČTK.
The fire broke out at 04: 25 in a fault at a depth of about 1200 metres. "None of the employees were hurt, no one was injured. The scene was immediately attended by the Albanian rescue workers, who took out the fire directly and carried out an examination of the terrain. The workplace was immediately closed and inaccessible," the spokesman said. The exact cause of the fire will now be determined by a special commission.
In the former Ostrava-Karvinsky district, coal is already mined only in the Karviná part, namely in the mines ČSA, Lazy, Darkov, ČSM-Sever and ČSM-South. In Dole Lazy, production should end later this year, and other mines are expected to phase out. The mining company OKD is the only producer of hard coal in the Czech Republic, its production last year was 4.62 million tonnes. There are 9,000 people working in the mines.
Berlin responds to public pressure and tackles housing crisis by buying 6,000 flats from private company
Berlin will buy 6,000 former social housing units from private Luxembourg-based ADO Properties SA for 920 million euros ($23.8 billion), which the city sold 15 years ago, responding to public pressure against soaring rent prices. According to Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher of the Left Party (Die Linke), it is the largest such purchase in the history of the German capital. The opposition has criticized the move.
"The intention is to keep rents stable in Berlin and give tenants certainty," Berlin Mayor Michael Müller (SPD) said in a statement. "At the same time, we will continue to build new apartments and legally treat the rent freeze," he added. The municipal firm Gewobag will take charge of thousands of apartments located in the Spandau and Reinickendorf districts in the western part of the city this December.
According to Jefferies analyst Thomas Rothäusler, the city bought too much. Rothäusler told Bloomberg that he estimated the housing units overpaid by about 10 percent above their book value.
According to the German opposition party Liberals (FDP), the Berlin authorities are contributing to real estate speculation through their actions. The FDP tweeted on Friday, calling the move a "waste of money" by the protest party Alternative for Germany (AfD).
Already in mid-July, Gewobag won back 670 flats in Berlin's Karl-Marx-Allee street, Der Spiegel recalled on its website. The price was not published by the council at the time. The dispute over flats on the former exhibition avenue from the time of the GDR was accompanied by protests and filled the front pages of the German press. It became a symbol of the plight of tenants in major German cities, the paper reported.
The German capital used to be famous for its low cost of living and low rents, but in recent years it has become more attractive. Rental prices have doubled over the past decade, according to AFP, making it difficult for some residents to find affordable housing.
Nokia sues Brno company over name of Lokia. People won't mistake us, Moravians believe
Nokia has filed a notice of opposition against the Lokia brand's application to the Industrial Property Office. However, according to the CCV, there is no likelihood of product confusion.
Brno-based software development firm CCV is facing legal action from Finnish telecom equipment maker Nokia. Finns do not like the fact that the Brno warehouse management company's program is called Lokia WMS, daily E15 reported. Nokia has therefore filed an objection to the application of the Lokia brand to the Industrial Property Office. CCV considers that substitution is unlikely.
Marketing Director Petr Ondrášek said that the program is already used by two dozen customers and has been on the market since last September.
"The Nokia brand enjoys recognition and trust around the world. When someone tries to register a brand that we believe may lead to confusion or weakening of our brand, we take steps to protect our valuable asset," said Nokia spokesman Mark Durrant.
The Brno developers claim that they did not think about the brand made famous in the past by mobile phones when creating the warehouse program. According to the CCV, the name Lokia is based on the Latin name for one kind of dragonfly, whose rapid movement is supposed to be analogous to the movement of storekeepers around the warehouse.
"On the Czech market, the possibility of confusion is unlikely. We sell modern cloud software, which companies use to equip their warehouse operations, and we are not really going into the area of mobile phone production. And we do not want to compare it to a brand that may be missing a train in its field," said Tomáš Kormaňák, manager of CCV, in E15.
The CCV applied for brand protection in August before the programme was launched at the Industrial Property Office. "It applied for protection for goods and services in Classes 9, 35 and 42, as the software belongs to Class 9, the related business management services in the warehouse belong to Class 35 and the development of computer software to Class 42 according to the international classification," said Ondrášek.
Nokia's opposition is based on the fact that the earlier Nokia mark is valid in all classes of goods and services and thus covers the widest possible range of goods and services and therefore, of course, also overlaps in Classes 9, 35 and 42. "CCV does not dispute the opponent's claim as to the conformity on these classes of products and services. Realistically, however, they are completely different brands aimed at different target groups," said Ondrášek.
The dispute over the brand can last for months, according to E15, and it can complicate the company's business.
From Sydney to London in four hours? In 2030, maybe reality
Sabre combines a classic aircraft engine with a rocket engine. It is designed to power the plane at twice the speed of the Concordes. "When the Sabre engine comes into service, it could allow us to reach Australia in about four hours," said Turnock. And the distance between London and New York, for example, could be covered in one hour.
The Independent notes that so-called hypersonic flights, which exceed the speed of sound by five times, are complicated due to engine overheating. However, Sabre (Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) should deal with this problem by using super cold helium to prevent temperatures from rising.
"The most important thing about Sabre is that it is a hybrid rocket and aircraft engine that is powered by a stream of exhaust gas generated from the air," says Shaun Driscoll of Reaction Engines. "Rockets have not gone through as much development in the last 70 years, whereas aircraft engines have. So when you combine the engines, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and basically create a space plane," he said.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights expected to start around the middle of next year, and commercial flights around 2030.
Kovosvit sells office building and other halls. It expects a rainy day
Due to restructuring, Kovosvit ended last year with a consolidated loss of 100 million crowns, consolidated turnover was 1.3 billion. Last year's main problems include Kuchař's lack of workers and shifts in subcontractors. This year demand for machine tools fell by 10 to 20 percent year-on-year. "This is also related to the expected drop in turnover of the order of ten percent," said the CEO. In 2017, Kovosvit had revenues of 1.3 billion crowns and profit after tax of 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit now offers several properties, halls and land for sale, which it either does not use or only minimally. This also applies to the office building, where it uses two of the five floors, and not yet completely. "Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to slim down Kovosvit, to make its activities more efficient. The sale of the property is not part of any current solution, whether it is cash flow, for example, but part of a long-term plan where we want to devote all our resources to investment development," the CEO said.
Kovosvit exports about half of its production. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, last year to a lesser extent Asia. This year, Kuchař ranks among the most interesting India, where Kovosvit won a contract for machines allowing five-axis machining worth 100 million crowns. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines worth 30 million crowns to China. "Another contract in the same volume is under negotiation, which we would like to complete before the end of the year," Kuchař said. Kovosvit is facing restrictions due to sanctions on the Russian market and elsewhere.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centres to France, a company that is a subcontractor of Airbus. In May this year, it delivered another machine, and it is expected to deliver one more at the end of the year or early 2020.
The main company investment this year was the switch of heating from steam to hot water for CZK 20 million. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average worker's wage is CZK 28,500. The company is looking for casting grinders for foundries, machine tools, turning machines and electricians.
The company has been owned since September 2016 by industrialist and armourer Jaroslav Strnad. The company has a tradition in the production of machine tools. It was founded in 1939 by Tomáš Baťa. The company had up to three thousand employees at one time.
Milan Jakubů: The funeral was stolen by the army for itself! Says Andor Shandor
There is still confusion about the funeral of Brigadier General Milan Jakubů. The media speculated during the week that the army planned the final farewell to the deputy director of Military Intelligence despite the wishes of the family, as bombastic as soldiers can. There were also discrepancies about the date of the funeral. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence, Jan Pejšek, denied this.
"It is nonsense! We have been in contact with the family from the beginning, the Friday funeral date is agreed from the beginning, no one has changed it. Just as military honours apply. We will still deal with the possible participation of the media with regard to the family," Pejšek told Lightning on Wednesday. The funeral will take place on Friday and will not miss all military honours, including the fighter flight.
However, there is still a tense atmosphere around the final farewell to the popular general, because the funeral ceremony will not be attended by people who have worked with the general in the past, at the decision of the organizers!
This includes the former head of military intelligence Andor Shandor (62), who met Milan Jakubů 17 years ago. Shandor remembers his former colleague as a hard-working, intelligent and "good guy."
In addition, he met him regularly in recent years at the celebrations of the anniversary of the founding of Military Intelligence. This is why he would like to say goodbye to Milan Jakubů. "I personally would go to the funeral of Milan Jakubů," Šándor told Lightning.
"I also know of other people from the organization who would like to go, but they are unlucky because the potentates will usurp the funeral for themselves. I think it is not right to privatize the funeral in this way," said the security expert. He also does not like the allegedly considered closure of the ceremony to the public because of the secrecy of the military leaders.
"The leadership of the army is not kept secret and neither are the leaders of the military intelligence, because they need to be promoted at Prague Castle, we see them there. If the information of the media is true and the family has really been upstaged by the army, it is of course a matter for the family. Personally, I would never allow the army to overwhelm the family and their wishes," concluded Shandor.
Milan Jakubů died in a car accident near Spindleruv Mlyn on Saturday. The head-on collision between Milan's Rapid and a Ford Mustang was allegedly caused by the driver of a sports car Vojtěch Ch. (31).
The amateur racer on the turn was supposed to enter the opposite direction, Milan Jakubů apparently had no chance to prevent the collision. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the accident and it is possible that she will suffer the consequences for the rest of her life. Police questioned the culprit of the accident on Thursday.
Commentary by Jan Šindelář: Manage the railways as a company
Sky's election, although apparently not entirely smooth, is the culmination of a sad story about the state's inability to give a clear direction to the railways. The board has been incomplete for over a year, and even after Wednesday evening, it remains unchanged because one of the members has resigned. The proviso continues.
The selection process itself was a farce from the beginning because the requirements for candidates were significantly relaxed, especially in the field of experience. Compared to the selection last year, the requirements for the size of the company in which the candidate was supposed to serve in the past were reduced. First, the members of the selection committee and then the supervisory board played only the role of pimprlat.
Nebeský presented perhaps the weakest professional CV of the five finalists, yet without experience from a large company he rubbed up against experienced players from the management of logistics giants and transport companies. It was the participation of interesting managers from the private sector that was probably the lightest aspect (and the best hope) of the whole process. Today, those concerned know that they played only the role of a narrative backdrop in the political game.
Perhaps Nebeský will surprise, show great talent and eventually prove to be the best railway boss of all time. At least in the beginning, however, he will be accompanied by the taste of a political tobacconist. Czech Railways does not have an easy time, it has to cope with competition in the liberalisation of the market and the lack of employees in operation. There are no drivers, shifters and mechanics. What motivation should they have for further work and respect for management when the state behaves like an elephant in a china shop in the top management?
The second important group is the creditors. We will see how they interpret the games at the head of the railways next spring, when the railways defend the rating. What is certain is that the creditors perceive the instability. Sadly, someone else comes to Moody's to defend the rating for Czech Railways every year. The agency did not miss the frequent changes in the management of the railways and the political influence on the company, it criticized them this summer.
The ANO movement coined, among other things, the slogan that the state must be run as a company. For a start, it would be enough if it ran one large state-owned company as a company and not as a state. Czech Railways is still one of the largest companies in the country and it would be good if it were led by the best. They applied, but the state despised them. It can certainly be argued that the post at the head of the railways has always been a political matter. But then we can forgive ourselves for the antics of the selection process.
The couple wrapped tape around the dog and drowned in the river, the bag was found by children
The case took place at the end of July in the village around Valašské Klobouk. A 27-year-old woman brought home a donated dog one to two years old, which she wanted to take care of. However, her partner of ten years did not like the fact that it was a dog, so he decided to get rid of it.
"He wrapped the animal in duct tape and rope and greatly eliminated its vocal expression. He placed the dog in a jute bag, which he tied up. Then they took the animal together to the river, where they threw it in a bag. At the moment when they threw the dog into the water, the dog was clearly alive," said Zlín police spokesperson Monika Kozumplíková.
The following day, children who were playing by the river found a jute bag on the bank. When they opened it, they discovered the body of a dead dog inside. So they called a woman who was passing by and ran away. The woman called 911.
"Thanks to the knowledge of the residents of the town, the police found out who is probably the perpetrator of this incredible act. And they were not wrong. Both the man and the woman confessed to the crime and described how the incident took place," the police spokesperson said.
Expert advice from veterinary medicine confirmed that the dog died in a clearly harrowing manner as a result of asphyxiation, when the animal suffered in a matter of minutes before death.
"The actions of the perpetrators undoubtedly point to a clear intention to dispose of the animal at all costs in this reprehensible way, even if they could have donated or sold the dog. The commissioner of the criminal police from Zlín accused the couple of committing the crime of animal cruelty committed in complicity. The two previously unpunished accused could spend up to three years behind bars if convicted," Kozumplíková said.
Thank you for the dance! Singer Leonard Cohen's last album will be released posthumously
Thanks for the Dance will include unreleased material and various musical collaborations put together by the singer's son. The album will be released on November 22.
In October 2016, the album You Want it Darker was released, on which Cohen collaborated with his son Adam. He asked him to help him finish the songs. On the intimate recording, Cohen symbolically comes to terms with his impending death. He died a month after the album was released at the age of 82.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen started working on materials left by his father. He invited a number of musicians to work with him - Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mas and singer Beck.
"When we invented music for my father's words, we used his own distinctive musical techniques. So he is still with us," Adam Cohen said of the album. "What amazes me most about him is the reactions of those who have heard him before. One by one, they say that Leonard is still alive," he added.
The first swallow of the album is the short song The Goal. "I'm almost alive, I'm almost home," Cohen sings in his characteristic honeyed voice. He sang about death, suspecting that he would not live to see the release of the new material. He also admitted this in an interview with The New Yorker a month before he died. "I'm ready to die. I hope it won't be too unpleasant," he said.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen published a collection of his father's poetry called The Flame. It will be published in Czech under the title Flame on December 31 by Argo.
The first Miss Christo finally got into herself: She lost a few pounds and immediately saw through
The first modern miss from 1989, Ivana Christová (49), had for years problems with being overweight, which caused her not only physical problems, but especially psychological ones. She suffered because she changed a lot since the time of Miss Czechoslovakia. But now it seems that she took the complaints to heart and went into battle with the extra pounds. Even though it is a long shot.
She used to be a first-class beauty who also conquered Paris. But it has been thirty years since then and Ivana Christová can only remember the beauty contest, not only because of her fame, but also because of how thin she was.
Over time, she decided not to comply with strict modeling rules, which required her to be as slim as possible and often not to eat. She decided to stop listening and started indulging in what she wanted.
But she went from hunger strikes to overeating, which immediately affected her figure. She tried to disguise the extra pounds with various loose clothes, which added to the size of the plump shapes.
Now it looks like Ivana has really gone into herself. She has visibly lost weight, she has started to dress tastefully and appropriately for her fuller figure.
She surprised everyone at the christening of Miloš Zapletal's book (75) that she had seen through it again and already had the features of a beautiful brunette, who in 1989 made history not only as the first Miss winner after the revolution, but also by the controversy her victory caused.
Christová will always be the first beauty winner, but she will also be the very first to be whistled at like crazy by spectators at the Palace of Culture and Sport in Ostrava as she put on her crown.
"A parody of justice." Scientist warned of cancer from pollution, sits in Turkish jail
Sik, along with other scientists, participated in a study commissioned by the Turkish Ministry of Health between 2011 and 2015, which concluded that water, soil and food pollution in some industrial areas in the west of the country is linked to an increased incidence of cancer among local residents.
The scientists mentioned in particular the Dilovasi industrial zone, which is about 80 kilometers from Istanbul, and which houses a number of chemical and metallurgical plants. People living in its vicinity suffer from cancer far more often than the international average.
Erdogan retaliates for coup, despite international criticism
Despite the clear conclusions of the study, it seemed to Sika that the government was not taking any action on the matter, so he wrote several articles about the research in the opposition daily Cumhuriyet. The authorities subsequently began prosecuting him for leaking classified information.
"The study clearly showed the extent to which water sources were contaminated with toxic substances," Sik told reporters after the ruling. "The court's decision shows that the results of studies directly related to public health can be withheld. This is unacceptable," the scientist added.
"Instead of pursuing people who sound the alarm through the courts, the Turkish authorities should investigate this important public health problem," said Andrew Gardner of AI's Turkish branch.
Environmental and human rights organisations have long accused the Turkish government of failing to enforce environmental regulations despite the rapid development of industry in certain regions.
Following the foiled 2016 coup, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's regime has launched a massive wave of arrests, with nearly 80,000 people now behind bars, including a number of Cumhuriyet newspaper employees. Authorities have also suspended or dismissed 150,000 civil servants and members of the armed forces.
The opposition and human rights groups accuse the government of using the attempted coup to persecute its opponents, but the authorities argue that it is necessary to ensure national security.
The fastest man on the planet missed tests. I'm not taking anything, he's fighting back
The traditionally much-watched race for the fastest man on the planet will be a race for defending silver champion Christian Coleman at the World Championships. The 23-year-old American is the world leader with a time of 9.81 seconds and has lost only once this year. However, his start at the peak of the season was in jeopardy due to a case of missed drug tests.
The United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) closed his case in early September without filing charges for formal reasons. Coleman did not pass three drug tests last year and this year, but not within 12 months. His first offense was backdated by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) to April 1, 2018, the start of the second quarter, but he did not miss the test itself until June 6. And since the third omission occurred on April 29, 2019, Coleman did not commit an offense in the form of three failed inspections in 12 months.
Coleman argued that he only forgot to update the data in the app about the whereabouts of athletes. "I don't take drugs or anything legal. A lot of athletes use legal creatine or protein powder or various other supplements for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I work hard and that's what it's all about," he said before the start of the World Cup.
His only defeat in six starts in the 100 this year came at the start of the season at the Diamond League in Shanghai, where he was only six thousandths of a second ahead of his compatriot Noah Lyles, who took advantage of Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League final, but will only run in the 200 at the World Championship.
On paper, the second fastest driver at 9.86 is 22-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who has only done well in American university competitions.
American Justin Gatlin, 37, who scored a 9.87 at Stanford in June, will be defending his title, but he only ran the last 100 in Zagreb in 10.29 because he slightly injured his posterior thigh muscle.
South African Akani Simbine, three-time Rio Olympic gold medalist Andre de Grasse and European champion Zharnel Hughes are also among the favorites. The fastest Jamaican, with a time of 9.96, is 2011 world champion Yohan Blake.
The men's 100 will begin on Friday with the preliminary round and heats. The semi-finals and final are on Saturday. The medals will be contested at 21: 15 GMT.
Plane crash at Žinkov in Pilsen: Two people did not survive the accident
Two people, a man († 63) and a woman († 38), were travelling on the plane. "The plane at 8: 30 p.m. requested permission to land at Chaloupky Airport near Klatovy," said police spokesperson Dana Ladmanová. This was also the last record, at which time it was supposed to be located near Vojovic near Žinkov, according to GPS coordinates.
However, it did not reach Klatovy airport. A search was immediately launched for the missing aircraft, which sent out a distress signal. "In addition to the police, a military helicopter was involved," said police spokesperson Martina Korandová. However, the search operation did not have a happy ending.
In the forest near Petrovic, near Měčín, which is about six kilometers from where the plane last reported, a helicopter crew spotted the wreckage before 9 a.m. "We found the plane and two bodies with no signs of life," Korandová confirmed.
The crashed machine remained partially wedged in the branches of the trees, and pieces also hit the ground nearby. "We will investigate the cause of the accident in cooperation with expert experts and staff of the Institute for Professional Investigation of Causes of Air Accidents," Korandová added.
Civilization on borrowed time
I recently recalled a beautiful "line" from one of Shimka's great short stories with Grossmann, which took place partly in a cemetery, which reads as follows: "I pointed out to her that she cries well, but on someone else's grave!" It occurred to me that many of the world's politicians engaged in the senseless fight against climate change are now behaving in a very similar way.
They act as if the planet Earth is ruled by humans. In fact, we are just a speck on its surface, which it can blow out with its enormous forces like a gust of wind a candle flame. Probably not many of them watch the famous British and American science documentaries about the destructive powers of our blue ball. After all, it would be enough for one of the larger active volcanoes to "fart" and our advanced civilization to shit itself out of it.
And it is highly likely that this will happen in the near future. Many large volcanoes, according to leading volcanologists, are "charged and armed" (for example, Katla in Iceland).
In a way, it would be ideal if the eruption, if it has to happen once, happened as soon as possible, before trillions of dollars are wasted on measures to reduce carbon dioxide production, because any really angry volcano, along with dust and toxic volcanic gases, can release at least a hundred times more into the air than has been saved at the expense of the people of Europe.
It therefore makes no sense to forcibly restrict CO2 production. Moreover, it has been scientifically proven that with a significantly higher proportion of CO2 in the air, plants form more biological matter and are also more resistant to drought. For humanity, any warming is significantly more beneficial than, for example, a rapid return of the ice age.
If we consider the hitherto insufficiently studied impact of solar cycles on the Earth's climate, we must come to only one reasonable conclusion: Let us try hard to keep the Earth as clean as possible, and let us try to adapt to other changes with which we cannot measure our strength at the least cost!
Repairs to the Krkonoše Museum will be delayed for a year
The Krkonoše National Park Authority (KRNAP) has postponed by three weeks the deadline for submitting bids for the second tender for the repair of the Krkonoše Museum in Vrchlabi. The original deadline for opening the envelopes was 20 September, said national park spokesman Radek Drahný. The reason for the postponement of the deadline for submitting bids is to reduce the budget from 110 million crowns to 83 million crowns.
"We are currently working with prices that are on the market. There has been a change in the budget, it is a price that we expect to be offered. If someone makes an offer that is acceptable, then the work will start as soon as possible," Drahný said.
Compared to the original plans, the start of the repair of the museum is about a year behind schedule. KRNAP wanted to have a selected contractor for the construction part by the end of last year and start construction work this spring. According to the management of the National Park Service, European subsidies of 123 million crowns for the project are not at risk.
The KRNAP administration failed to select the construction company for the repairs of the museum. It launched a second competition this summer because in the previous tender all bids from the companies significantly exceeded the then estimated price of 65 million. Bids exceeded 100 million crowns.
The museum, which is located in a former Augustinian monastery and belongs to the KRNAP Administration, has been closed since autumn 2017. The selected company should provide the construction part of the project. The total cost, including the construction of the new exhibition, is estimated at 210 million crowns. The now cleared building should create a KRNAP visitor centre by the end of 2021 after the conversion of the exhibitions.
The repaired museum with a new interactive exhibition, which should be a story of nature and people settled in the mountains and build on the successful exhibition Stone and Life, should serve as a representative gateway for visitors to the Giant Mountains. The visitor centre should provide information about the past and present of the Giant Mountains in the most comprehensible form possible and motivate people to explore the mountains and protect them. It should also take over the role of a traditional museum. The centre will also offer opportunities to organise concerts, festivals, theatre performances or lectures in the open air. The plans include the construction of a new entrance to the building, the creation of a research centre or a café.
Toyota still believes in hydrogen, preparing second generation Mirai
The Toyota Mirai was never meant to be just a concept. Toyota was so serious about it that even though there was virtually no hydrogen pumping infrastructure in the world, it still put it on the menu. Not exactly standard, the customer really had to go after this car in a targeted way, but no one else offered such a variant at the time.
Toyota Chief Executive Takeshi Uchiyamada confirmed at an international conference on hydrogen that a new generation will arrive next year, because Toyota still believes that these cars have a future and will be equal in price to hybrids within ten years. Of course, this is linked to the development of pumping networks. However, the future is linked to hydrogen as well as electricity.
At the conference, the word hydrogen was often used with the needs of ecological operation not of passenger cars, but instead of large tractors, boats, trains, etc.Just those means of transport that need to cover long distances for a single refueling. Pure battery versions cannot offer this. Toyota could thus find new outlets thanks to its great experience and long development.
It remains to be remembered that, like Toyota, Hyundai believes in hydrogen propulsion, which now also offers the Nexo hydrogen crossover.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right shade of lipstick: There is not just one red
When choosing a red lipstick, you should first determine whether you are a warm or a cold type. Try a simple test - look at the veins on your wrist. If they are blue, you are a cold type, if they are green, then you are one of the warm types. When choosing a new red lipstick, first and foremost, just sort it out based on the undertone. Only in the next one, take into account the texture.
If you are one of those women with a cold undertone, then purple, plum, cherry or mauve lipsticks are suitable for you.
If you fall into the category of warm skin undertones, choose lipsticks as well. You can tell by the fact that they tend to have orange, coral, gold or brown highlights.
You may find that some veins look green and others look blue. In this case, congratulate yourself - you don't have to look at the undertone and you can only focus on your colour preferences.
Purposeful slander? Ústecká zoo is looking for a new veterinarian, no one is interested
The last time was at the end of this month. The management of the city attributed this to rumors that arose around the former director of the zoo and at the same time veterinarian Václav Poživil, that he purposefully killed exotic animals that he cared for, such as the female rhino Zamba, the elephant Kalu and the orangutan Nyuňák.
The city council therefore announced a new contract. "For veterinary care for the zoo with an estimated value of 3.5 million crowns without VAT and for the city centre for animals in need with an estimated value of 2.8 million crowns without VAT," said Romana Macová, the city spokeswoman.
Deputy Mayor Věra Nechybová (UFO) explained that this is the third time the city has announced a competition for veterinary services. "Dr. Poživil had to explain the unfounded suspicions. I consider it a blatant defamation of such a quality expert," she said.
Experts specialised in exotic animals are very few, she said. "It is definitely not pleasant. The zoo is still providing veterinary care in the form of orders," she said. Orders and contracts cost the same money. "However, the garden has to comply with the Public Procurement Act in terms of funding," explained Nikola Roštejnská, spokesperson for the zoo.
Václav Poživil himself is one of the most respected experts. For example, he participated in a unique operation in which the cheetah Jane was the first cheetah in the world to receive a total endoprosthesis. He served as director of the zoo from 2009 to 2012. He did not comment on anonymous rumors about himself. Yesterday he did not receive phone calls or respond to text messages.
As far as the contract for the zoo is concerned, some veterinary surgeons think that in the absence of interest in it, there is not necessarily a fear of similar purposeful allegations as in his case, but simply a lack of awareness. For example, the veterinary surgeon Jiří Král has not yet heard of it. "This is the first time I have heard from you. No one has approached us. I think such a thing will spread quickly," he added.
The D line will be overseen by a new metro architect, bringing experience from the London Underground
The Prague Transport Company has selected an architect who will oversee the design of the Metropolitan Metro. From October she will become Anna Švarc, her primary task will be the appearance of the new D line, but she will also be in charge of the existing station. According to her, the metro cannot be seen only as a transport structure, travelling by subway should also bring an aesthetic experience.
A Czech architect who participated in the reconstruction of three London Underground stations, for example, won a tender launched by the Prague Transport Company (DPP).
In addition to her, 14 other applicants took part in the tender. "Part of the tender was a letter of motivation and a curriculum vitae. Apparently my previous experience in London decided, where I created a kind of aesthetic manual for the local metro in a team of three people," says the new metro architect. According to her, her experience at the Institute of Planning and Development of the City of Prague could also decide.
The metro is not only perceived as a transport structure. Stations should also have aesthetic value.
"I have ideas about how the metro will change, how the space will improve. However, I will not know how it will actually take place until the next few weeks, when the transport company introduces me to its ideas," says Švarc.
"This is not a series of dogmas, but rather recommendations aimed primarily at maintaining the context of all stations in the event that they are reconstructed," the design manual says.
Whether a similar tool is also a way to improve public space in the Prague metro is a question. The Prague metro is specific. "Whether the manual is Ideal or whether a person can cover it, I really don't know yet," concludes Švarc.
Former French President Chirac to be buried on Monday, public memorial service on Sunday
The funeral of former French President Jacques Chirac, who died on Thursday at 86, will take place on Monday evening at Montparnasse Cemetery in Paris, French media report, citing Chirac's family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to say goodbye to the former head of state on Sunday afternoon at a memorial service in the Invalides in Paris, where a coffin containing Chirac's remains will be displayed, the Élysée Palace announced.
Crowds have been pouring into the presidential residence since Thursday evening, according to AFP, to sign a book of condolences. This will be possible until Sunday. On Monday, President Emmanuel Macron declared a state of mourning.
Meanwhile, more reactions are coming from the world and France to the death of the former mayor of Paris and president from 1995 to 2007, whom Prime Minister Édouard Philippe today described as "French in the true sense of the word."
Chirac was remembered by the Japanese, for example, because the politician was known for his love of their country and the sport of sumo. News of the death of the former French president appeared on the front pages of all Japanese newspapers, including sports newspapers, the French press notes.
The Quai Branly Tribal Art Museum in Paris, which Chirac founded, will not charge admission fees for ten days in honor of the former head of state.
The opening of Pumpkin World delayed the ripening of pumpkins
Nová Ves u Leština (Havlíčkobrodsko) - The farm in Nové Vsi u Leština in Havlíčkobrodsko was opened today for more than a month by the Pumpkin World. Decorations made up of thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins are dominated by massive orange pyramids in the garden. The autumn event, which is becoming a tradition, starts a week later this year because pumpkins in the surrounding seven hectares of fields of the Pipkovy family have matured longer. Even now there are many in the field, Jaroslava Pipková told ČTK today.
The Pipkas grow many types of pumpkins, but the last two years the weather did not favor them. This year's harvest was delayed and some types did not work out. "As usual, we have enough orange pumpkins for Halloween, but some types for fine pumpkins did not work out," said Pipková. However, the farm can choose from several types, from the large pumpkins already mentioned, suitable for carving and pawing decorations over hokaido cooking pumpkins or oblong "spaghetti" to ornamental pumpkins of various colors and shapes.
Pumpkin-growing is laborious. Farmers manually dig up the plants and harvest their fruit, cutting the pumpkins from the stem with scissors. The Pipka pumpkin world has been open regularly since 2010, and previous years have attracted thousands of people. Pumpkin decorations are complemented by straw attractions or a maze of logs. Visitors will also see animals raised on the farm. It will be open daily until November 3.
Details of the event are available on the website of the farm, where growers also offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, even for pumpkin muffins or juice. Visitors themselves tell them about other options for preparing pumpkin in the kitchen. "A lot of cooks have tried their recipes, and we will be inspired," Pipková said. She pointed out that some housekeepers also put pumpkins on acid like cucumbers.
Food stamp lump sum planned by the Ministry from 2021. Nothing changes in tax terms
The Ministry of Finance is preparing an amendment to the Income Tax Act, according to which the employee would receive money for food directly. According to the Ministry of Finance, a quarter of the employees, or about a million people who do not yet receive food stamps, will also receive food support.
However, according to David Rýc, chairman of the Association of voucher system operators, a number of small companies that do not have a canteen or meal vouchers also provide meals for their employees, for example by importing food or agreeing with restaurants.
"The essence of the plan is that we do not change anything about the tax advantage. It will no longer pay for health and social insurance," Schiller said on Friday. She added that the limit for the maximum employer contribution applicable as a tax credit would also be maintained.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the price of a meal ticket. The remaining part is paid by employees, in some cases also paid by the employer, but without any tax credit. The most advantageous value of a meal ticket for employees and employers this year is 123 CZK.
Přindiš, Prskavec and Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the World Championship
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec as well as canoeist Tereza Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the World Canoe Slalom Championships in Seu d'Urgell. Přindiš was fourth in Friday's qualification, Prskavec fifth and Fišerová eighth. The other three Czech representatives will be aiming for a semi-final start in Spain in the afternoon qualifying session.
Of the strong team of kayakers, Vavřinec Hradilek, who received a 50-second penalty for incorrect passing of the goal at the start of the ride, failed. Přindiš and Prskavc, on the other hand, can now rest and focus on Sunday's semi-final.
"I set myself the goal of going down to 30 with the first run, which I did. Not that I didn't care how I turned out, because on Sunday it starts very early in the morning, so I was hoping to be a little higher to have a better starting position," said Přindiš, praising the comfort in Seu. "Before the patrol race I felt the worst in the 14 days we have been here. But then in the race it was good and today it was better again. All the time it is beautiful, nice races, the spectators came, so fine," he smiled.
Flash was also happy. "In qualifying, you don't want to make an unnecessary mistake. In the first few goals, I didn't quite get it right. Then I drove the middle very well, without any problems and I knew I had the mileage, so there was a second mistake when I wanted to go straight down and I turned the coat of arms. Overall, I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, we'll see how it goes," said this year's overall World Cup winner.
Both representatives praised the fact that on Sunday they will go to the start only at the end of the semi-final block. "I am not an early riser, it is also cold in the morning, and when you are here at 8: 00, it takes a jacket and a sweatshirt," said Přindiš. "Overall, the semi-final takes an hour and a half, which is quite a good difference in terms of sleep," agreed Flash.
Of the three Czech singles players, only Fišerová succeeded, Eva Říhová finished two places behind the top 20, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35. "I went down the top part as planned, in the middle passage it seemed to me that I couldn't keep up and I wasn't going according to plan, but I managed to get into the comfortable track that I wanted to go. I made two pokes and I am just behind the winner with a clean time. I have a good starting position for the semi-finals," Fišerová said.
Coal will give way to gas and nuclear power. Renewables will not meet increased demand, says ExxonMobil head of Europe
Renewables will not be enough for the Czech Republic to meet future energy demand. Due to the unsuitable climate, wind and solar power plants need to be supplemented with other alternatives, such as those using natural gas.
Philippe Ducom, president of the European branch of ExxonMobil, one of the largest global oil producers, said this in an interview with HN. He also mentioned that large storage sites, which could store unused energy from days when there is enough sun and wind, are still too expensive.
Ducom visited the ExxonMobil centre in Prague, where 1,200 people work and whose task is to support the company's business activities and provide logistics and other services needed for the company's operation.
Declaration of the End of the Right in the House or What "right-wing" coalition of ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
There have been recent reports in the media and commentaries about the upcoming coalition of these parties. Many applaud the fact that the "right" is finally coming together, but I rather ask why these parties still identify themselves as right-wing.
Aside from the new Trikolora movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a real right-wing party. And it doesn't matter how the entities identify themselves or what brand is parroted by the mainstream media. The ODS is hardly centrist in its average of the party's top politicians, the TOP 09 is clearly a party of the city's pseudo-liberal left (which is ashamed of its leftism and so hypocritically describes itself as conservative or even right-wing). Stan is a party that basically blends its concept, ideology and electoral focus with the TOP 09 (the reason for its existence is simply not clear to me). And KDU even labels itself as centrist in the long term - but their political compass is much more to the left than they say.
Do you feel that I have taken everyone out of the same water? No, I am based on the real political actions of these parties. If I consider myself a classically liberal right-wing voter, the highest value for me is individual freedom, the free market and minimal state interference in the lives of individuals and the economy. How do these parties fulfil this general assumption of rightism? How many laws cutting people's freedoms with the salami method, raising taxes, confirming new regulations and increasing supervision, increasing the link with the socialist EU or promoting environmental and gender insanity in recent years have they supported? A lot, a lot. Not their own labels, but actions identify them. These parties, despite all sorts of declarations or partial concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And this has nothing to do with rightism.
I would not be surprised at the coalition cooperation between TOP 09, STAN and KDU, they simply belong together on the political map and apart from Christian or, on the contrary, homosexual and gender aspects, I do not really see a clear difference for voters in terms of the influence of the state on their lives. However, the ODS has long portrayed itself as the "only right-wing" and by associating with these three entities it is already openly revealing its true political position.
By the way, when I briefly mentioned the labels, did you notice how often all these parties quite consistently and cheaply refer to critics of dirigisme and socialism coming from the European Union as pro-Russian agents? Can they not or just do not want to understand that there are many people who do not like Euro-socialism and growing disenfranchisement as strongly as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Are they not hiding their utter argumentative incompetence and their gratuitous or blind adoration of the European Union's circumstances?
In short, it is possible that in the Czech Republic, politics other than centrist politics no longer has a chance of greater success. Maybe voters really want such a union. Maybe they want left-of-center politics under the guise of the "right," because they are ashamed of their political beliefs (or they cannot even identify them). I do not know. But I am definitely not one of those voters.
Unexplained death of a little girl († 8) in Příbramsk: The guilty party will not be punished
Unexplained cases are called "monuments" in criminalistic slang, but they are also investigated if new information emerges years later, especially when it comes to the death of a child. In 1980, criminologist Jiří Markovič was able to investigate the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokop Valley, which was then 12 years old. "The case from 1955? It will be difficult, very difficult. It would like to start by finding a file, it may no longer exist, talking to those who investigated it. There is always hope, but it would be really difficult," says Markovič.
Under the previous regime, violent crimes were not widely reported to the public, but according to Markovic, this certainly does not mean that they are investigated laxly. "It has always been up to specific people," the criminologist thinks. The problem may be that materials from the 1950s can be destroyed, even if unclosed cases should not be shredded.
Lucie Bílá's father was not a fan of her at all. You will not believe what she had to do for a living!
Anyone who doesn't know that national treasure Lucie Bílá (53) is the original profession of seamstress and her own name Hana Zaňáková probably doesn't live in the Czech Republic. But the singer herself has now revealed that she almost worked in a glass factory!
Lucie Bílá knew from a relatively early age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love of singing was born when, as a young girl, she performed at the cultural house in her native Otvovice, where the singer still lives.
"And I remember exactly where my mother sat. That's when I was born a singer," she admitted to Impulse Radio.
Her father, however, was a little worried about his daughter's future and advised her to go down the path of the craft, which has a golden bottom.
"My dad always said, 'Craft girl, craft. Walk on the ground with your feet!' He even talked me into going to the local glassworks. The glassworks don't work anymore, I do quite well. I'm a trained seamstress and at home I make beads into various rosaries and pendants, which I then auction at auctions and buy wheelchairs with money," she added with a laugh.
The launch of the new toll is not at risk, reports Kremlík. However, a change of operator is in play
On Friday, the Ministry of Transport started preparations for a new tender for the operation of the new toll system. It is a backup plan that the state would use if the current toll contract were finally cancelled. In addition, the state is also preparing another interim solution if the tender could not be completed in time. The Minister of Transport Vladimír Kremlík (for YES) said on Facebook.
On Thursday, the Office for the Protection of Competition (OPC) banned the performance of the toll contract between the state and the CzechToll / SkyToll consortium, with a one-year delay. The Ministry will file an appeal against this.
"The launch of the new toll collection system is not at risk. Starting today, we are starting the preparation of a new transparent tender procedure for the operation of the new toll system, which is now being completed by the CzechToll and SkyToll consortium," said the Minister.
The state would thus look in the tender for the operator of the currently prepared toll, which will be launched from this December. It would therefore not be a competition for a completely new toll system, as was the case with the last tender, nor for the use of the old system, which is now operated by Kapsch.
However, according to Kremlík, the Ministry is also preparing for the fact that it would not be able to prepare the new tender in time. "Based on the experience with the toll tender process so far, I am deeply convinced that the OPC is wrong and that it is not objectively possible to prepare and implement such a complex tender procedure and hand over the operation of the toll system to the new operator within the stipulated period of 12 months," he said.
In addition to the new tender procedure, the Ministry will also prepare a provisional solution that would resolve toll collection for a transitional period until the state finds a fully fledged form of solution.
As a result, the state will probably not take advantage of the offer made to it in recent days by the current toll manager Kapsch. The Austrian company offered the state the operation of the existing system in case the toll contract is cancelled.
At the same time, the Kremlin reiterated that it believes that a backup plan will not be needed, so the ministry will file an appeal against the decision of the antitrust authority.
The OHS issued a decision on Thursday banning the performance of the toll contract. However, the ban will only take effect one year after the authority's decision becomes final. This is not final and can be appealed to the chairman of the authority. The Ministry and CzechToll are therefore continuing to prepare a new toll, which should be launched in December.
Last year's tender for the new toll system and its operator was won by the CzechToll / SkyToll consortium. It succeeded in the toll tender with an offer of 10.75 billion crowns for ten years of operation. The current operator Kapsch protested against the tender and the validity of the toll contract, which failed in the competition with an offer of over 13 billion crowns.
I still see myself as a boy who's just getting his bearings, says Jan Cina
"It was a big school for everyone who worked on it. I fell in love with afro dancing there. The way I have something Romani in me after my dad, I was completely fascinated by it," said Jan Cina, who considers himself mainly a musical actor.
Cina revealed that director Štěpán Altrichter must have been very attracted to him. "The work was difficult, but the result is worth it. The film was made a year ago. It was hard and honest, but it was also fun. It was shot on the National Avenue, where I drove a car as a non-driver. There was also a lot of shooting in the South Town in Prague," he said of the Czech-German co-production film.
Although he is nominated for the Thalia Award for his role in the production of The Little Prince, he does not consider it the pinnacle of his career. "I don't feel that way. I still see myself as a boy who is just getting his bearings. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I can see the peak far ahead of me," he said, not even thinking about the acceptance speech in the event of victory. "Not really, but as a child, when I listened to talk shows on the radio, I always imagined myself speaking to people."
Jan Cina has been living with his colleague Petr Vančura for thirteen years. What is his recipe for a happy relationship? "To like each other and to see problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," he said, recalling the Czech Lions awards, when his friend fell on the stairs.
"Yes, it really happened. He had new slick shoes and the red carpet was slick too. So it wasn't long before he was on the ground. He was able to make it a priority. He had a Vančur Steps workshop where he taught how to safely fall down the stairs at VIP events."
Children's zoo rejoices in baby macaque
"Our band currently has seven members. Its youngest member came into the world on 17 August, he was born by a female Buffy and is her fifth cub, the father is a male Hitam. For the first days after the birth, the female carried the cub tightly to her body and for a long time she did not want to show the world if she had given birth to a male or a female. At about three weeks of age, however, she started to put it away for a little while and the keepers have known for a few days that it is a male," said Alena Houšková, spokesperson for the zoo, noting that the Children's Zoo has successfully raised 12 cubs of this species.
Crested macaques are so-called endemic to the island of Sulawesi, meaning that they do not live in the wild anywhere else in the world. A typical feature is the black fur and plume on their heads, according to which they have a name. Crested macaques live in the rainforests, especially at lower altitudes.
Like most primates, it feeds on both plant and animal food. The diet is dominated very significantly by the fruits of forest trees, which complement flowers and leaves. It addresses the need for protein by eating small arthropods, larvae and, to a lesser extent, bird eggs and chicks.
"Apart from the natural enemies, which are pythons, everything else has been written down by man. Local residents hunt macaques as a popular prey with tasty meat and for fur. It is also fatal for these animals to burn and cut down the rainforest," the spokesperson said.
Germany reports first case of West Nile disease from mosquito on its territory, linked to climate change
In addition to West Nile, mosquitoes can also transmit malaria, for example.
Germany on Friday reported the first case of a person contracting West Nile fever on German territory after being bitten by an infected mosquito, DPA reported. Until now, all sufferers have contracted the virus while travelling or through contact with sick animals. Experts say the landmark case is linked to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute said a 70-year-old man from Saxony contracted the virus. The disease was severe and he was treated for brain inflammation in a hospital in Leipzig. He is now healthy.
The West Nile virus was first detected in 1937 in Uganda. Meanwhile, it has spread to large parts of Africa, Asia and Europe and, in the 1990s, to the United States. It is mainly carried by birds, as well as mosquitoes, which are infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state-owned companies are to undergo a new selection process. The law can be circumvented, opposition says
"This is a typical bill that is unnecessary," said Zbyněk Stanjura, chairman of the ODS.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the Chamber of Deputies approved changes to prevent the opaque distribution of functions in the future - critics talk about tobacconists - in state-owned companies. New candidates should go through a selection process at the ministry and will also be considered by the government's committee for personnel nominations.
However, it is a compromise solution, which the ODS, for example, does not like, because it allegedly allows ministers to make excuses that selection committees are to blame for any poor selection of state managers. Moreover, the opinion of the said committee will not be binding on the minister. The news has yet to be approved by the Senate and signed by President Miloš Zeman.
Přerov: Driver crashes near Kokory village: Dies wedged in his Fabia
The tragic traffic accident occurred on Friday on a straight stretch between Přerov and the village of Kokory. The 28-year-old driver of the Fabia lost control and drove off the road. The car overturned on its roof and he remained wedged under it. He did not survive the injuries.
"According to the initial information found at the scene, a passenger car travelling in the direction of Kokory went off the road, where it overturned on its roof and the driver remained wedged under the vehicle," Prrovská police spokeswoman Miluše Zajícová told news server.
And where are the spectators? Doha can't be London
At the same time, however, it is a step backwards, as by travelling to Doha, athletics has voluntarily and consciously renounced the riveting atmosphere that prevailed at the sold-out stadium in London 2017 and at the European Championships in Berlin last year.
Giant banners on the walls of Doha's skyscrapers call for "the biggest sporting event of 2019." However, concerns about how dignified its backdrop will be are growing.
"Tickets for the destination are sold out for all evenings," according to the organizers.
But that's too little.
The upper gallery of the Khalifa Stadium, with a total capacity of 40,000 spectators, is already covered with brightly coloured tarpaulins, which also display the flags of 209 participating countries. Athletics in Qatar has gone to a territory where it does not have roots, despite the annual Diamond League meeting.
Let us not be surprised, then, that last week only 50,000 tickets were sold for ten days of the Championships, even though their price started at 60 cathartic rials, i.e. less than 400 crowns.
Organizers have now set themselves the goal of filling at least half of the uncovered stands, which is why, according to sources in the British newspaper Giuardian, they are reportedly (though the organizers themselves deny it) handing out free tickets to migrants who work here as workers, as well as to children. Sebastian Coe, head of the IAAF Athletics Association, can also comment positively: "This is how we can inspire the next generation."
Rich Qatar has won world championships in handball and cycling in the past, after athletics comes soccer in 2022. Financial offers from the oil power will always be lucrative even for rich sports federations. This is the reality of today's sports world.
But even if we accept it and ignore the absence of fans in the stadium, we can't help but sigh with pure sportsmanship that the experiment with the first outdoor World Championships for athletes in the Arabian Peninsula should have been timed better by the IAAF leaders - and for another year. The extremely late deadline, imposed by the climate, breaks the whole pattern of the season in the pre-Olympic year and thus the preparation for the crucial Olympic season, which would normally have started for athletes in October.
Perhaps Qatar will at least make up for it with technological innovations, with the help of which it promises an ultra-modern and attractive championship. That it is just 37 degrees? Already the stadium area is artificially air-conditioned to twenty-four. And advanced cameras, built directly into the blocks, are designed to give television viewers a detailed overview of what happens in athletes in the hundredths of a second before and just after the starter's shot.
Sparta is really busy this year, acknowledges Hradec bek Nedomlel
In his case, the increased motivation is more than understandable. Hradec hockey defender Richard Nedomlel will play in Friday's match against the club where he recently worked. However, the former Spartan is convinced that his teammates will be similarly affected, even though they have never worn the jersey of the Prague club.
"Everyone wants to go up against Sparta," says the player before the fifth round of the extra league.
Hradec Králové will try to stretch his winning streak, which at the moment includes three three-point wins in a row. After Kladno, Plzeň came the most appreciated by fans on Sunday, and Mountfield went to neighbouring Pardubice to get it.
"However, we cannot look at the matches as they were. We need to focus on the matches that await us now and play in them in the same way, if not better," says the midfielder.
The players should not look back on last year's record with Sparta either. They lost in three of their four matches, taking points only once after winning in Prague after extra time. In addition, Sparta's management brought in some significant reinforcements in the summer and expects the team to return to the top.
"Sparta has always had quality players, but as far as we can tell, this year they are really loaded," admits Nedomlel before the first match at the end of this week.
And the other one? Also a nice shift, waiting for Mountfield on Sunday afternoon in the thirties.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has hidden bitcoins and doesn't know what to do with them
The Central Bank of Venezuela is conducting internal tests to determine whether it can hold cryptocurrencies, following instructions from the state-owned Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which is seeking to send bitcoins and ethers to the central bank and then have the bank pay the oil firm's suppliers with cryptocurrencies. Employees are also studying a proposal that the central bank should be able to count cryptocurrencies in foreign exchange reserves, which are now close to a 30-year low, Bloomberg reported, citing information from four sources.
Sanctions imposed by the United States on the authoritarian regime of President Nicolás Maduro have largely cut Venezuela off from the global financial system, adding to the country's economic crisis, with the current crisis one of the most serious in global comparison, forcing officials to use a patchwork of different ways to move money. While Maduro's effort to launch the world's first state cryptocurrency has failed, ongoing efforts to use digital currencies show how desperate the government is to find ways to circumvent restrictions.
Neither the Central Bank of Venezuela nor PDVSA responded to a request for comment.
It is not clear how PDVSA got its own bitcoins and ethers, or how much value it owns. The company is struggling to get payments from customers through conventional channels because major banks are unwilling to do business with entities that are subject to sanctions. Last month, the company received most of a $700 million ($16.6 billion) payment in Chinese yuan because the parties were unable to find financial institutions that would allow the transaction.
PDVSA may not want to sell cryptocurrencies on the open market, because that would require it to register on the exchange and submit to due diligence, called due diligence. Instead, it wants the central bank to use the cryptocurrency to pay entities it owes to PDVSA. Oil company officials believe the central bank is less exposed to any obstacles that could arise when paying with cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoins and ethers use a decentralized online ledger known as a blockchain to authenticate and record transactions. In some cases, relatively anonymous transfers are made possible without the need for an intermediary. Few banks engage in digital currencies because of problems with money laundering and client information related to them, which complicate compliance.
After the debacle of 2018, cryptocurrencies are making a comeback this year on expectations of greater acceptance by institutions and Facebook's plan to come up with its own cryptocurrency. Even so, they remain unstable. Bitcoin has fallen nearly 20 percent in the last four days, but has gained about 130 percent since the beginning of the year.
Neckermann cancels all flights, affecting five hundred Czech clients
Neckermann is cancelling flights in connection with the insolvency of Britain's Thomas Cook and his German daughter.
"The Czech company Thomas Cook, s. r. o., which goes by the trade name Neckermann Travel Office, has not filed for insolvency," Šrámek said in a press release.
"However, CK Neckermann is forced to continue to cancel scheduled departures of its clients," he added, noting that this currently applies to all departures from 26 September to 6 October.
According to Šrámek, the cancellation of flights will affect about 500 clients. According to him, the 800 clients of Neckermann who are currently abroad "will be taken care of and their safe return to the Czech Republic will be ensured by their scheduled flight."
The travel agency admitted that some clients have been asked to pay for their stay. "In such a case, it is necessary for clients to contact the SK Neckermann SOS line immediately," added Šrámek.
The collapse of Thomas Cook took place on Monday, and in August this year, the travel agency struck a deal to inject £900 million into the firm.
It was to receive half of the sum from the Chinese firm Fosun Tourism, which was to become the majority owner. The other half was to be provided by bondholders and creditor banks. However, as early as September 20, it was reported that creditors had asked the travel agency to obtain a reserve of 200 million pounds, otherwise the deal would fall through. On Monday, the company announced that it had gone bankrupt.
A non-confrontational homeless woman was killed under a bridge. Police are seeking witnesses
According to the Prague police, the murder took place sometime during the early evening to the night of Tuesday to Wednesday. It is at this time that the police call for possible testimony is related.
"One of the drivers, who was passing on the bridge connecting Libeň and Žižkov or on Pod Krejcárkem Street, could have filmed the killer, for example, on a dash cam. Some witness could have just seen him and could have described him. In short, we will welcome any testimony on this case and we will accept it on line 158," said the spokesman of the regional police headquarters, Jan Daněk.
According to spokesman Daňka, the murdered homeless woman was non-confrontational, did not drink alcohol and did not seek the company of other people. The woman lived at the scene. "She was most often in the vicinity of Krejcárk, Palmovka and Holešovice, when she was carrying large blue shopping bags," added Daněk, adding a description of the victim that could also help potential witnesses.
Slovaks succeed, only pay a fine for racist insults
The Slovak Football Association has succeeded in appealing against the closure of the stadium for racism by fans. The team was originally scheduled to play a European Championship qualifier with Wales without spectators, instead the union will now only pay a fine of 15,000 euros (about $387,000).
The UEFA Disciplinary Board punished Slovakia and Hungary for the behaviour of fans during the recent qualifying match in Budapest, which Czech coach Pavel Hapal's visiting side won 2-1. They closed the stadium for one match and fined Slovakia 20,000 euros, Hungary 67,000 euros.
On appeal, the Slovaks were only fined 15,000 euros for insulting political chants. The national team's next qualifying match for the European Championship with Wales on October 10 in Trnava will be made available to fans.
Women's basketball players fail to reach the medal in the under-17 World Championship, finishing fourth
The Americans also won the third World Cup of 17, beating Spain just 77-75 in the final, despite 40 points from Spain's Angela Salvadores.
"We really wanted to win and not be potato, but maybe we wanted it too much. We caught the start, but we couldn't keep it up because they rolled us under the basket," said captain Karolína Malečková. "Playing in front of such an audience was an incredible experience," she praised the fans in Klatovy and Plzeň.
The Czechs started very well, thanks to two three-pointers they took an 8-0 lead and dominated the field throughout the first quarter. At that moment it seemed that they would repay their opponents for the 85-88 defeat after extra time. However, the referees gave them 15 fouls at half-time and with questionable decisions they helped Hungary get back into the game with a 12-2 lead.
"I'm convinced that all we had to do was make two or three more baskets, run for 20 points and we wouldn't have let it go. But instead our mistakes came. I don't care about the referees, I care about what we did wrong, and there were mistakes that helped the opponent catch on," said coach Richard Fousek.
"It wasn't the first time we had a lapse in concentration. But the girls are fighters, they didn't release anything and they fought to the end. The opponent was very good," he added.
In particular, Petra Holešínská and Tereza Šípová, the leading Czech scorer, had a problem with fouls and was absent from the field for a large part of the third quarter. The Hungarian women took advantage of this and gained a slight lead, which they already held, even though the Czechs fought until the last seconds.
"For us, the first five games were very difficult, we turned the games around in a tight rotation and it cost us a lot of strength. Even against Spain, you could see that the girls were tired and there was nowhere to take them. Because of our physicality, we were not consistent in our defence. We did not play a quick counterattack, we lacked a catch. And the Hungarians are so good that if you do not combine everything together, it is difficult to win," added Fousek.
He believes his charge has a promising future. "In two years, the girls managed to win the Youth Olympics, to be second in the European Championship for 16-year-olds and now they are fourth in the world. By our standards, they are a quality team with good character and we need to continue to work with them and develop their talent. Now it is up to the federation which coach will be assigned to them in the higher categories," Fousek added.
The end of political tobacconists? Critics say the new law won't help anyway!
However, according to some opposition MPs, the law is more likely to play into the hands of ministers to absolve themselves of their responsibility for the election while continuing to choose their candidates.
Greater transparency in the selection procedures for posts in state-owned companies - this is one of the objectives of the nomination law. 119 MPs voted in favour. The law passed, for example, thanks to the votes of ANO, KSČM, Social Democrats and even Pirates.
Candidates for state-owned companies will have to go through a selection process before a government committee. For example, it was the Pirates who tried to make the recommendation binding on the minister. This ultimately failed.
The Civic Democrats and the SPD movement fear that the nomination law will play into the hands of the ministers. "The new minister will be able to hide behind some decision of the commission and will therefore not have a clear transparent responsibility," thinks SPD leader Tomio Okamura.
The government committee should completely reject candidates who do not meet the conditions, which will include criminal integrity, debt-free status, a minimum age of 25, and the main selection criterion should be expertise.
The bill will still have to pass the Senate, after which it will be signed by the president.
Tough competition for the Skoda Kamiq. Kia XCeed is betting on rich equipment, at what price?
The Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult model to classify. It is clearly one of the compact SUVs, but it does not offer all-wheel drive. It leaves this item to the larger Sportage sibling, which is such a direct answer to cars such as the Skoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X or Volkswagen Tiguan. In comparison, the XCeed is also betting on more dynamic body shapes, which, by sloping the rear end, can remotely resemble the world of the SUV-coupe, which is particularly popular in this part of the market among premium brands Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz.
On the other hand, the XCeed can not only be placed alongside plasticised versions of classic compacts, such as the Ford Focus Active. In contrast, the Koreans have made a much larger number of changes to the body, so if you don't want to, Ceed may not even see the new shapes.
Unlike the compact hatchback or Ceed station wagon, the XCeed is also offered exclusively with supercharged engines, so don't expect a basic atmospheric fourteen hundred. The XCeed starts with a supercharged litre and also offers a supercharged sixteen-hundred with 150 kW, reserved for siblings of the GT version. Don't expect a sporty stage here. The 1.6 CRDi turbochargers are only offered in a mild-hybrid version, which means that the internal combustion engine is assisted by an electric system that helps reduce consumption and emissions. From 100 kW, it is also possible to pay extra for a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic alongside the manual.
Soon, the offer will be expanded to include a plug-in hybrid, a variant that can travel about six tens of kilometers on electricity alone. The batteries can then be charged from a normal socket.
Simona Krain: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucy the White!
The day before the launch of the Fuck The Age calendar (translated as M * dat age), Simona Krain posted her last pictures of herself completely naked! "I was a little afraid that people would condemn me for taking naked pictures at my age. I am a rather shy person. But so far I have only positive reactions. I wanted to show women that when they want to, it is possible to have a solid figure at 46. Of course, there is hard work and austerity behind it, but there is no other way."
"Lukáš Dvořák and I took about three thousand pictures, selected about a hundred and there are twelve in the calendar, so the rest are still waiting for their moment. It is definitely not the last time I am naked," the model, who also came to her christening very exposed, told Lightning.
She was wearing an elongated jacket by Bernhardt and shorts underneath, but they were not visible, so it looked like she had forgotten the bottom. Everyday running tightened her legs, so she can afford similar models.
Simona was so pleased with her success that she kissed everyone she met at the christening, her husband, her friends, even Slavica Lucie Bílá.
The autotuner brought the voice of the digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, says the headline of a long text written for the Huffington Post by Michael Hobbes and photographed by Finlay Mackay. In a provocative afterthought, the medical community has for decades ignored the facts about obesity and waged a fierce (and unnecessary) war against overweight people that has not only scarred public opinion but also destroyed many lives. But now is the time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes says right from the start is that there is often a very long and tedious journey from knowing and knowing the facts to putting them into practice. He mentions the case of scurvy, when some captains as early as the seventeenth century handed out lemons, limes and oranges to their crew in the belief that this would prevent disease. However, the British Navy abandoned the practice due to fears of increased costs. The clear influence of fruit in preventing and treating the disease was then demonstrated in the mid-18th century, but it took another fifty years for the Navy to take this into account. Seat belts also existed long before the invention of the car, but they did not become mandatory until the 1960s, just as the first confirmed asbestos-related death dates back to 1906, yet its first ban came in 1973.
"Every public health discovery - no matter how significant - has always had to compete with traditions, prejudices, and financial incentives within the society in which it was to be implemented," Hobbes writes. In American society today, nearly 80 percent of the adult population and about one-third of children meet the definition of overweight or obesity. More Americans now live with obesity than with breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and HIV combined.
Obesity is viewed as an eminently personal failure of an individual who is said to burden health care and reduce GDP. The fear of being fat is so great in the population that Americans now spend more money on diets than they spend on computer games and movies. But the truth is that diets don't work. As early as 1959, research showed that 95 to 98% of attempts to lose weight end in failure, and two-thirds of people on a diet subsequently gain more weight than they lost.
Armed with statistics, Hobbes goes on to describe the lifestyles and traumas of overweight people. The personal meets the systemic, where, for example, in faculties, when teaching future doctors, he devotes only 19 hours of his entire studies to nutrition issues. Which, at a time when the 60 calorie processes Americans take in come from ultra-processed food - that is, overly processed food.
The stigmatized nature of obesity is illustrated by reports from surgeries, where overweight people tend to have shorter checkups, are treated with less empathy by doctors, and are considered more problematic patients.
But overweight is far from just an American problem, as Hobbes writes, Since 1980, obesity rates have doubled in 73 countries around the world, rising in 113. And in that time, no country has managed to reduce and stop the increase. Absolutely none.
Brno Grand Prix? Tickets at risk of becoming more expensive
The most expensive item each year before the Grand Prix is the reforestation fee. This year it was about one hundred and fifteen million crowns. "The mass of people who come to Brno at the Grand Prix will spend money on accommodation, food or entertainment, which should more or less offset the costs associated with organising the event, including the reforestation fee," said Petr Pelc, an economist.
According to him, the importance of the race is also in attracting tourists to the city. "Brno does not have so many global tourist attractions. The big prize attracts visitors there and from abroad. For Brno it is as important as, for example, the Turan airport or the exhibition grounds. And these are projects that are supported with public money," added the economist.
Grand Prix in Brno
- costs for the past five years: CZK 686 million
- profits from the past five years: CZK 682 million
- Problem: Lack of money for hosting, increasing reforestation fee for promoter Dorna
- possible solutions: More money from the state, use of advertising space, increase in ticket prices
- state of play: Negotiations on a new contract for the organisation of races for the next five years
According to the director of the Institute of Public Administration, Filip Hrůza, the organizers now have to evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. "The Grand Prix drains money from public budgets for other issues. To some extent, however, it is a political issue and not an economic one," he thinks.
In the future, the cost of a motorsport event may be even higher, because the option of increasing the reforestation fee to almost double is in play.
"The situation is not closed, we must try to negotiate the best possible terms with Dorna. It also depends on the extent to which the state is prepared to contribute to the organisation of the race. If the worst case scenarios materialise, I fear that it is not realistic for the city and the county to pay the amount," said Markéta Vaňková, the mayor of Brno.
As the Journal of Equality has already reported, representatives of the South Moravian Region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising due to difficulties in raising money for the Grand Prix. "Dorna's condition is that advertising must be placed in places that are not occupied by cameras. The choice of companies is also limited, because if Dorna has a general sponsor, then the second sponsor cannot be a company from the same area," explained Vaňková.
In the coming years, organizers can also get more money from tickets. "We have to sit down and say what the costs will actually be. And we have to adjust the revaluation of tickets," said Petr Vokřál, the Brno opposition representative for the ANO movement and former mayor.
D5 accident: Motorway closed by truck collision
The incident was reported around 08: 00 on the 22nd kilometre in the direction of Prague. "The motorway is closed, at least for freight traffic. Passenger cars can go through a petrol station," police spokesperson Michaela Richterová said in the morning. Traffic was restored around 14: 30. According to Richter, the preliminary damage is at least two million crowns, the cause of the accident is being investigated by the police.
A spokesman for the Central Bohemian fire department, Petr Svoboda, said that one truck was carrying passenger cars and the other a plastic granulate. "Due to the large impact, the transported vehicles were moved, which the fire department had to first secure against a possible fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank, which leaked about 200 liters of diesel fuel. Another 200 liters were drained by firefighters. Workers from the environment department of Beroun City Council were called to the accident due to a fuel leak. The rescue of the crashed vehicles and the clearing of the highway were provided by a private company, which also removed contaminated soil.
Failed qualification. Czech athletes are not doing well in Doha
The World Championships in Doha started with qualification failures for Czech athletics. Diana Mezuliáníková dropped out in the 800 metres and neither pole-sitter Romana Maláčová nor hammer thrower Kateřina Šafránková, who defended the eighth place she surprised in London last year, qualified.
Hurdler Vít Müller will complete the run on Friday and Marcela Joglová will run the night marathon race.
Šafránková threw 65.46 meters with her third attempt and fell nearly six meters short of her best this year, which she would have had to improve to advance. Maláčová jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was already beyond her strength. To participate in the final, it was necessary to overcome the limit of 460 cm.
Mezuliáníková, who reached the championship only at the last minute thanks to an invitation from the International Federation of the IAAF, finished in the fourth run in the penultimate sixth place and even a time of 2: 03.48 minutes was not enough for her to reach the semi-finals. She was one and a half seconds behind her best this year. "It was quite fast for me, unfortunately I was fighting with my opponent on the corner, which quite robbed me of my strength. I felt like I still had the strength, but there it slowed me down. I almost stopped and had to start again, so in this it was a bit uncomfortable. I can't be completely satisfied," said the Czech representative.
She was happy to overtake at least one opponent at the finish line. "She was really not well, so every beaten opponent was good. But I think it was for the fifth place. Unfortunately," she said. The fastest halfback in the heats was Winnie Nanyondo from Uganda in 2: 00.36.
Doha is missing the top eight-footer in recent years, Caster Semenya of South Africa, who has too high a testosterone level in her body but, like some other runners, is refusing the treatment mandated by the IAAF rules from this year.
In the 100-meter dash, American Christian Coleman confirmed his role as the number one favorite, with a time of 9.98, the only one below the 10-second mark. His compatriot Justin Gatlin, who is trying to defend his title at 37, also advanced to the semifinals. Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who is number two in this year's standings at 9.86, did not start and was expected to face Coleman, who has a 9.81 record this season.
Cuban Juan Miguel Echevarría showed great form in the long-distance qualification, reaching a distance of 840 cm with his first jump. No athlete has jumped this far in the qualification of the World Championship in the last 20 years. The 21-year-old Cuban leads this year's tables with 865 cm.
French Oscar nominee Les Miserables opens Be2Can show
The Golden Bear and the two winners of this year's Berlinale acting awards, the directing prize and the Cannes jury prize and much more will present the 6th annual festival film from Berlin, Venice and Cannes. This year, too, the Be2Can festival will bring a selection of the most remarkable and inspiring presented by the competitions of the three most important European film festivals.
The opening film of this year's show will be the French drama Les Miserables, for which the film's author Ladj Ly won the Jury Prize at this year's Cannes Film Festival. The film is a French Oscar nominee. The premiere of the film in Prague will be presented in person by representatives of the two main roles of police officers of the criminal unit, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zonga. Alexis Manenti is also a co-author of the film's screenplay.
Be2Can will take place this year in Prague's Lucerna and Edison Filmhub cinemas, as well as in Brno (Art Cinema), Ostrava (Minikino) and Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) from 2 to 8 October.
Director Ladj Ly's directorial feature debut has been featured and honoured at a number of other world festivals following its success at Cannes. Durban won the Best Film and Best Screenplay awards at the MFF, as well as being shown at the MFF in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo, and will soon be released in San Sebastian.
As part of the festival, however, viewers can also look forward to the films Synonyms, Young Ahmed, System Interpreter, Goodbye, My Son, Sorry, we didn't catch you, The Anthology of the Ghost Town and the film U Zlaté Glove. But they can also look forward to other fresh news from this year's Venice, which will head to Czech distribution: Sci-fi Ad Astra, Joker, the Czech triumph of Painted Bird.
Which cities will disappear under the sea?
The vote by Canada's upper house of parliament has confirmed a familiar rumour for days: Canada is revoking the honorary citizenship of former human rights legend, Nobel Peace Prize winner Do Aung San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who spent years under house arrest for trying to bring freedom to her country, has lost her honorary degree for her part in the genocide against the minority Rohingya people.
The decision to take away Suu Kyi's honorary citizenship was approved by the lower legislative body a week ago, and senators have now unanimously endorsed it. "This is the right message for her, for Myanmar and for the world," independent Senator Ratna Omidvar commented on her colleagues' decision. "We must make it clear that accomplices to genocide are not welcome here in Canada - all the more so as honest citizens."
The verdict of the Canadian parliament does not technically change anything for Suu Kyi, it is only an honorary degree, but on a symbolic level it is a strong message for her. The silence of the long-time human rights activist on the atrocities that the army of majority Buddhist Myanmar has been committing for months against the Rohingya Muslim minority is intolerable.
The fact that there is an officially organised genocide in Myanmar and that Suu Kyi - the de facto prime minister of the country's government - has completely failed in her duty to protect her citizens was recently reported by the UN. Specifically, it mentions the names of several army commanders who, according to the investigation team, should stand trial for crimes against humanity committed in actions that, the report said, "shock both the horror of their actions and the huge scale." According to the UN, Suu Kyi and her administration have been complicit mainly in covering up the actions of the soldiers and releasing a fog of lies around them - for example, that it is an "anti-terrorist operation."
After Suu Kyi's removal, five individuals remain on Canada's list of honorary citizens: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tändzin Gjamccho, the 14th Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, the 49th Imam of Shiite Muslims, and Malala Yousafzai.
Developments surrounding the former icon of the fight for freedom and democracy were also reflected in the Canadian Museum of Human Rights, where Suu Kyi's profile was accompanied by information about atrocities against the Rohingya and the parliamentary decision to take away her title of honorary citizen. "We have also dimmed the lighting of her picture on a tablet showing the timeline of the fight for human rights and we are thinking of replacing her face with a portrait of a member of the Rohingya minority," Canadian media quoted museum spokesman Rorie McLeod as saying.
The only thing that will remain so in Suu Kyi's current turmoil - at least for now - is the Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to her at the suggestion of Václav Havel in 1991 for her enormous contribution to the fight for democracy. "While Ms Suu Kyi's current actions are regrettable, her award will not be rescinded," the head of the Nobel Foundation, Lars Heikensten, told CBS Canada.
Microplastics reach human intestines, study confirms for the first time
Scientists have confirmed several years of suspicion. The team, led by University of Vienna professor Philippe Schwable, published a study showing for the first time the presence of microplastics in human faeces. Although the study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia - small particles of plastic measuring between 50 and 500 micrometers were found in the samples of all the people studied. None of the eight subjects were vegetarian, six of whom did not avoid sea fish, all of whom drank water from plastic bottles and food wrapped in plastic.
And it would actually be a bit of a miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplastics - which are produced either directly, for example, for the needs of the cosmetics industry, or are produced by the breakdown of larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water and sodas; in short, everywhere on the planet. Their entry into the digestive system of humans has only been officially confirmed. There were roughly 20 particles of microplastics per ten grams of stool, and scientists estimate that more than half of the world's population will have them.
Of course, both lay and scientific consciousness suspect that this is not a good thing. However, humanity still does not know how bad it is - and what effect microplastics have on "host" organisms. Small particles can reach the bloodstream or lymphatic system and end up in the liver, for example. "This is the first study of its kind and confirmed what we have long thought. Now that we have the first evidence of the presence of microplastics in the human body, we need to continue to investigate exactly what this means for human health," says Schwabl.
It is now known that microplastics in the gut can negatively affect the immune responses of the digestive system, making it easier for toxic chemicals and other pathogens to be absorbed into the body. And so far, there is no known solution other than to reduce the use of plastics, especially polypropylene. However, this will be difficult - the first task facing governments and authorities will be to at least halt its steep rise. As far as plastic bottles are concerned, experts estimate that in three years humanity will consume a fifth more than it does today. The current rate is a staggering one million bottles bought per minute. Every year, roughly eight million tons of plastic end up in the seas and oceans. Waste threatens marine ecosystems and contaminates the digestive systems of marine animals.
Some countries have already taken restrictions and other measures, such as Kenya banning plastic bags - under threat of draconian penalties. The European Commission is considering small bans (well-known straws), and the country's environment ministry is heading in the same direction. Critics, however, say that such measures, while nice, are totally inadequate.
Harry in the footsteps of Princess Diana († 36)! Where is Meghan?
Diana was exceptional in that she could hold people's hearts. In January 1997, she caused a stir when she visited Africa and, in particular, a minefield. Pictures of her wearing a protective suit and face shield became iconic. Even then, no one could have known that a few months later, the princess of human hearts would take her last breath in a tragic car crash in Paris.
Now her younger son, Harry, has also scored well, going to the same place as her after 22 years. He went to a mine clearance site in Dirico, Angola, also wearing a special protective suit and looking very thoughtful. He certainly couldn't help remembering his beloved mother, whom he lost at the age of 13.
Harry gave a speech on the spot where he praised the efforts of the Halo Trust, which works to defuse minefields and other explosives in countries where war has taken place. "Minefields are the unhealed wounds of war. By clearing them, we can help the community to find the peace with which opportunities come," he said, also appealing for the preservation and preservation of wildlife and the local river as a source of water. After that visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huamba to rename the local orthopaedic centre after his famous mum, Princess Diana.
He did not forget to mention it on his official Instagram account: "The Duke is honoured to visit a place and community that was so important to his mother, to get to know their tireless mission and to speak for all those who (Diana) felt most needed to be heard, even though the problem was not exactly popular worldwide," the Sussex Royal Instagram post said.
Royal fans, however, may be annoyed that he did not take his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months) on such a quest to remember Diana. Both have had separate agendas towards Harry since Wednesday, apparently to protect them. After all, taking a small baby to a minefield does not sound very safe, and Harry does not want to endanger his beloved family at any cost.
Only children. We don't have certain reproduction, but we don't have to worry
Some words have unfortunate connotations, even if they only convey the state of affairs. They include the word "only child." It refers to a child growing up without siblings, but it does not sound neutral. "You know, only child," it is said, without needing to add anything. Interestingly, "only child" has carried this trait since time immemorial, back when terms such as demographic crisis were not widely used.
Today, even people outside the scientific community know that a fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman is necessary to ensure simple reproduction of the population. It is also widely known that no state in Europe today achieves this value. At most, France or Sweden are close to it, but European states do not have a simple rate of reproduction of the population. (Within the West, only Israel is out of line with the total fertility rate of 3.1 children per woman.) It is a situation made for alarmism. Therefore, it is not surprising that the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs Maláčová is also failing: "There are almost as many only children as two-child families," she said in an interview with LN. But she omitted the devil hidden in the detail.
Yes, it is good to draw attention to the problem instead of downplaying it or ideologizing it, as in Germany, where the campaign for more children is easily labelled as fascist (in the style of "so did Hitler"). It is good to be reminded that many couples plan only children directly. It is good if politicians show the will to remove the obstacles that lead to those decisions (for example, the weak expansion of work from home discourages women from becoming pregnant again). But despite all this, let us draw attention to one thing.
If Minister Maláčová says that "there are almost so many only children," there is a drop of demagogy. This statement was appropriate twenty years ago. Let us remember that fertility in the Czech Republic last ensured simple reproduction in 1980 ("Husák's children"). Then it fell to a frightening 1.14 in 2000. But since then it has risen by almost fifty percent, to the current 1.70 children per woman, which is above the European average. It is not enough for simple reproduction, so the activity of politicians is appropriate. Only with this alarmism can they reduce a little bit.
Costa Rica is a champion in climate change
Costa Rica received the title for several reasons, starting with a plan to be carbon neutral by 2050 - but many countries have pledged to do so under the Paris Agreement. The Central American nation, with a population of around five million, produces only 0.4 percent of the world's emissions. Costa Rica has also pledged to fully switch to renewable energy sources by 2030, with 70 percent of buses or taxis running on electricity.
The official tourism organization says that already about 95 percent of energy comes from renewable sources - in 2017, Costa Rica operated for a total of 300 days.
Costa Rica boasts nearly 30 national parks.
The density of forests also contributes to reducing emissions. Rainforests with diverse fauna and flora, which cover more than half of the country's territory, are also one of the main tourist draws. "Costa Rica is a pioneer in nature conservation and sets an example for other countries in the region, but also around the world. Climate change requires urgent action from all of us," the UN said in a statement.
Costa Rica boasts nearly 30 national parks, which is a lot given the small size of the country (51,100 square kilometers). Rainforests, foggy forests, coral reefs or mangrove marshes are home to five percent of the world's biodiversity. The country also has volcanoes, quaint waterfalls and you would also find several rescue stations for sloths.
Friendly to the planet. Scientists' Night begins in Prague
"In Prague, I would definitely visit CTU and look at a model of what smart cities will look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Institute of Anatomy at the Faculty of Medicine, to which there is no access for the public at other times," says national coordinator of the Night of Scientists, Jitřenka Navrátilová.
The Institute of Anatomy offers a tour of the autopsy room and the opportunity to try working with surgical instruments.
"Then I would go to ČZU and watch the film Green Desert," adds Navrátilová. Nine laboratories will also offer guided tours. The motto of this year's Night of Scientists is "planet-friendly."
Attorney General resumes prosecution of mother who manipulated daughter against father
Attorney General Pavel Zeman disagrees with the acquittal of a mother who manipulated her daughter for a long time and disrupted her relationship with her father. She was facing charges of abuse and endangering her education. The regional court acquitted her, Zeman disagrees. Similar conduct can be considered a criminal offence, according to his appeal to the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court's ruling could have a broader impact on other cases. "A more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse can also be considered necessary to guide further application practice," according to Zeman's appeal.
Last year, the Svitavy District Court first found the woman guilty of torturing the person in charge and endangering the child's education. She formed a strong, even symbiotic bond with her daughter, even when she should have been entrusted to her father.
The result was a pathological fixation on the mother and a significantly negative relationship with the father. The situation affected the emotional development of the daughter, who was even hospitalized. She threatened to self-harm if she was transferred to the care of the father.
The svitava court sentenced the mother to two years in prison with a two-year suspended sentence. However, the Pardubice branch of the regional court acquitted the woman on appeal, saying it was not a criminal offence. The same verdict was repeated by the regional court after the Supreme Court had already ordered it to rule again.
The regional court found that situations where one parent manipulates a child against another are not uncommon. They are dealt with in guardianship proceedings, possibly with the help of psychologists or youth social protection authorities. Only rarely is the solution criminal law.
However, according to the Attorney General, the woman committed both abuse and endangering her education. "The accused acted in a completely targeted manner by arousing negative feelings towards her father in her daughter and deliberately reinforcing these negative emotions. By doing so, she not only pursued the illegal intention to restrict or exclude the father's contact with the minor, but she must have been aware that it would cause negative consequences in the psychosocial sphere of the minor," according to the appeal.
Zeman asked the Supreme Court to refer the case back to the regional court one more time. The appeal shows that the child is now in the care of the father.
Stand down, he said to Schiller for talking about opposition scum Czernin
"I find it completely unacceptable that a member of the Czech government should use such a totalitarian expression anywhere, much less on the floor of parliament," Czernin wrote in an open letter to Schiller.
Her words caused a stir during the discussion of the draft constitutional action against President Miloš Zeman. The opposition did not get enough votes and the draft constitutional action that the Senate came up with was thrown off the table by members.
"I'm getting dozens of messages from people I don't know. There's not a single voice in support of this lawsuit. There are messages in support of the president and messages like how taxpayers' money is being spent here, how empty straw is being beaten. And I even dare, I don't use harsh language, to quote one of them: It's opposition and senatorial scum," the finance minister said.
"The Nazis used these terms to refer to citizens of Jewish origin and the Communists to their political opponents. It is totalitarian rhetoric, without a modicum of respect for man and opinion," wrote TOP 09 Vice-President Czernin, who will compete for the post of party chairman in the autumn with former First Vice-President Markéta Pekarová Adamová.
"I quoted one of the many reports that I received dozens of during the proceedings of the House. Their common denominator was disgust at the constant personal defamation that we see every day in domestic politics, which was also the main motive for Thursday's proceedings of the House. I am surprised that the term is applied to myself," Schiller responded to ČTK.
Shops destroyed, street fires, memorial procession accompanied by riots
Five years ago, 43 students at a college in Ayotzinapa disappeared, despite extensive investigations, the case has not yet been solved. Reportedly, the students were to be detained by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not clear exactly what happened next, but according to the investigation, the students apparently ended up in the hands of a local syndicate and were subsequently killed and burned, APTN reports.
On Thursday, a memorial service was held in Mexico's capital, as families expressed frustration that they were still unable to find answers and explain the disappearance of their children.
But the mostly peaceful march was disrupted by smaller groups of vandals, who destroyed everything in their path. Vandals destroyed shops and hotels, did not shy away from destroying monuments, set fires around the city and blew out windows.
Even before the march, President Andres Manuel López Obrador said he would do everything possible to catch him and asked the public for any information that would lead to a clarification of the case.
More than 142 people were detained as part of the investigation, but none of them could be convicted. Many of them had to be released because their human rights were violated, investigators allegedly tortured the suspects, APTN adds.
Mahulena Bochanova has interrupted her annual detox and is sinning again!
More than a year ago, Mahulena Bochanova told Lightning that she had given up alcohol. "During the holidays, I told myself that I would give my old battered 50-year-old body a breather. I gave myself a deadline forever. I feel very rested, I have a lot of energy and especially my psyche has improved. Recently, I was mentally unwell. I get up better, I don't have a headache, I have more energy, money."
A year's abstinence was enough and the actress found her way back to alcohol. "Sometimes I have bubbles or quality wine, but I don't drink what I used to drink. I have one glass and I have fun until morning. I have a bottle of wine in the fridge for a week. I also liked non-alcoholic beer, which I can drink at any time," said Mahulena, who is still a couple with Petr, an entrepreneur in Brno.
Bočanová has also returned to the theatre season after the holidays and will now take part in the series Ordinations in the Rose Garden. "I am ashamed of the first two performances, I was really bad, I was giving myself away. But it is getting better," the actress smiles critically.
Jaromír Soukup spoke about Gott: He wishes him peace.
Host and entrepreneur Jaromír Soukup (50) is not afraid of any questions. On his show Call and Write to the Boss, he publicly comments on various topics. And he is no stranger to tabloid cases, which he glosses over sparkly and wittily. Although this time he did not feel like laughing.
Jaromír Soukup commented on the sad news, which is a very serious illness of Karel Gott. He promised the singer one very considerate thing for himself.
"You know, Karel got sick and said it fairly without the need for tabloid journalists to poke around. I don't want to comment on it, it's a serious illness, we all have the utmost respect for Karel Gott. And I would like him, of course, to have a successful treatment and, above all, peace of mind! The peace that he needs right now," said Barrandov TV owner.
"I wish the media would leave him alone and wait for the news that the Master himself decides to give to the media. I don't really like the different statements that his old friends and various celebrities think about his health. And on behalf of our media, I can say that we will only address his illness and his person if he expresses an interest in it. I think other media should consider a similar approach."
Young Czechs think they can do it with money. Survey does not confirm it
"It turns out, therefore, that young Czechs have somewhat more confidence in their knowledge of finance than the reality. In this case, women and respondents without a high school diploma had a significantly greater share of the wrong answers," said Jaroslava Palendalová, director of KRUK.
Men and young high school or college students are more likely to believe in their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs learn the most about the functioning of financial affairs from their parents (37 percent), self-study on the Internet (23 percent) and only in the third row from teaching at school (21 percent).
Women, in particular, consult parents on financial issues, while men are more likely to search the internet for information. Obtaining financial information from parents is prevalent in all ages of young people, regardless of their educational attainment or personal income. Prospectuses from financial institutions, professional journals and publications have virtually minimal impact.
"Once again, the importance of raising children by their parents, who represent authority in all major areas of life, is shown. Therefore, the level of financial literacy of parents who pass on their knowledge and experience to their children is crucial," said Palendalová.
94 per cent of young people prefer savings and investments.
Young people are clearly on the question of whether it is better to save and buy, for example, their own house or flat, or to enjoy themselves and spend the money, without saving and living on their own.
94 per cent of respondents follow a strategy of saving and investing in fixed tangible assets. This is true across all ages of young people, regardless of educational attainment, social status or current level of personal income.
The strategy of the survey is 100% supported by people married with two or more children and employees in the public sector. On the contrary, people living alone and with an income above 30,000 crowns per month are more likely to enjoy themselves.
The hunter was injured when he fell from a sitting position and was carried to the ambulance for three hours
The unfortunate accident occurred before 7: 30 p.m. in the peak areas near Čertova mlýn.
"It was a very difficult and inaccessible terrain, so we sent five of our rescue workers with the appropriate equipment to the injured man. At the same time, we asked for the cooperation of the Medical Rescue Service of the Moravian-Silesian Region. The paramedics then dispatched an ambulance to the accident," said Libor Kluz, dispatcher of the Beskydy Mountain Service.
Rescuers found the hunter in the designated area with multiple injuries. They treated him immediately and then gently but with difficulty transported him on a so-called Austrian cart across the impassable terrain.
"The transport along the route of about one and a half kilometers was slow and difficult. The injured nimrod was therefore handed over to the ambulance crew after approximately three hours," added Libor Kluz.
Fortunately, according to Radan Jaškovský, the acting chief of the Beskydy Mountain Service and the rescue worker involved, a colleague of the hunter was able to describe in detail the location of the injured man.
"We therefore found him relatively quickly. However, if he had the Rescue app on his phone, our rescuers would have been there sooner and at the same time the 911 dispatcher would have known about the accident and his situation immediately," said Radan Jaškovský.
He added that a charged mobile phone with the Rescue app activated should be taken for granted in the mountains today.
Zeman a monument - The man straining the constitution calls for enforcement of the law
Anyone who moves in a divided society and does not want to completely fool around will welcome situations where they do not have to root for their own. When they can admit the pros to someone they otherwise criticise, if only so that they do not feel that they are only oriented according to pre-allocated stickers. Such situations include a list of severely damaged monuments, which President Zeman fenced during his favourite trips to the regions.
Everyone knows what is going on. And anyone who sometimes travels through the Czech Republic can see many of the devastated monuments - from the centres of historic towns to individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches or estates - with their own eyes. Everyone suspects that demagogy can also come into play here. If we accuse the town hall of not caring about monuments or some horror in the zoning plan, it could be the work of former administrations. Or it could be a privatised building whose owner is not traceable. The head of state calls on local politicians: "The section of the Monuments Act allows you to fine owners of buildings who do not care about their property." But even if the owner is undetectable, it must be admitted that the president is calling for law enforcement, which even critics of his bending of the constitution should recognise as a plus.
Of course, Miloš Zeman would not be Miloš Zeman if he considered all the details and formalities of a complex problem. But he stands up for a good cause in a similar way to squatters, which he does not recognise himself. Two years ago we wrote: "Despite all the abuse, squatters point out a problem outside the current interest. That this or that building is in a state of emergency." And let's face it, the president is doing de facto the same thing.
If you come to the historic centre of Jáchymov, you will be amazed at how devastated it is - including houses with Renaissance cores. At a time when Jáchymov is celebrating 500 years of silver mining and tolar-stamping (for Americans dollars). Why? Allegedly due to the rapid sale of houses in the 1990s, officials there say. But why is it that seven kilometres away the Island, the seat of the Šliků, who mined the Jáchymov tolars, has its historical core nicely repaired? It is good if the President draws attention to these things.
Babiš calls for security cooperation in memorial to victims of terror
Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and his wife Monika visited Ground Zero in New York on September 27, 2019.
Terrorism is the main enemy against which all countries of the world should fight together. At the end of a five-day visit to the United States, Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš said so today at the New York memorial to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. On this occasion, the Prime Minister paid tribute to the memory of two victims of Czech origin.
"It's a very moving place," the prime minister said as he, accompanied by his wife Monica, placed a white rose next to the names of Lukáš Rambousk and the Czechoslovak emigrant Alena Sešínová. Both were among the more than 2750 people killed in the hijacked plane attack on the former pair of World Trade Center (World Trade Center) skyscrapers. The World Trade Center towers collapsed after the crash, and in their place there is now a memorial with a list of the victims.
"We need to remember what happened here, the horror," said Babiš. The attack on the US on September 11, 2001, was described by the prime minister as a reason why the UN should cooperate in a united campaign against international terrorism. In addition to destroying the World Trade Center skyscrapers, the terrorists crashed a hijacked plane into the Defense Ministry building in Washington and planned another strike on a target in Washington, apparently the White House or Congress. However, the plane crashed when passengers confronted the hijackers.
"This is our main enemy, where all the countries of the world should come together and fight international terrorism in a coordinated way," the Czech Prime Minister added.
Slovenes also beat Polish world champions and are in the final of ME
Slovenian volleyball players will play for the premier title of European champions. With the support of nearly 12,000 cheering fans in Ljubljana, they beat the reigning two-time world champions Poles 3-1 and are the first finalists.
Who will be challenged in Sunday's climax in Paris will be decided on Friday between France and Serbia.
The Slovenian team was much more compact in the semi-final than the Polish world champions. They only owned the start of the opening set and, with luck, the end of the second set, but the home volleyball team was outclassed in defence and, of the players in the red and white jersey, only the native of Cuba León scored.
The home team, on the other hand, featured in the form of their lives the two packs Čebulj and Urnaut, as well as the second all-rounder Štern, who soon replaced the lacklustre Gasparini. The Poles paid the price for having won all their previous matches at this Euro with supremacy, while the Slovenes gained confidence after tough battles in the playoffs with both Bulgarians and Russians.
The Slovenes lost 1-3 to the Poles in the Olympic qualification in Gdansk in August this year, but returned the defeat at home. Now, however, they will leave the sold-out Ljubljana arena Stožica. After today, however, they have a certain second medal in history, and in Paris they can improve on the unexpected silver from ME four years ago.
In the previous European Championship, the Slovenes finished eighth, behind the Czech team.
Technology companies want to rule our cities
In 1992, at the height of the wave of liberalism that followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political scientist wrote in his most famous book, The End of History and the Last Man: "What we may be witnessing... is the final point in the ideological evolution of humanity and the universal acceptance of Western liberal democracy as the final form of governance."
Twenty-six years later, we are more likely to see illiberal models prevail from the US to Russia, from Turkey to Poland, and from Hungary to Italy, and various forms of nationalism and radicalism thrive. Fukuyama's current ninth book, Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment, attempts to cope with the rise of these forces. As his interview with George Eaton for the New Statesman shows, he is rethinking many of his former positions: He argues that the ideas of socialism should return to the public domain, and Marx was right about a lot of things, although he also insists that his intellectual development is still in line with the position of the 1990s, and that critics of The End of History and the Last Man did not get it right.
"What I said at the time was that one of the problems with modern democracy is that while it provides peace and prosperity, people want more than that... Liberal democracy doesn't even try to define what a good life is. It leaves it up to individuals who feel alienated, don't see the point, and that's why they group together into identity groups that give them a sense of belonging."
In its day, the book The End of History and the Last Man was written as a powerful argument against Marxists, who saw communism as the final stage of history. When asked about how he now feels about the rise of socialists in Britain and the US, Fukuyama replies: "It all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we are talking about ownership of the means of production, then, except when clear services to the public are in demand, I don't think it will work. But if you are thinking about redistribution programmes that try to solve the huge imbalance in income and wealth that we are seeing, then yes. I think not only could he come back, he should come back. That long period, which was started by President Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher and in which certain types of ideas about the benefits of an unregulated market came into play, has had a disastrous effect in many ways."
In the end, Fukuyama is trying to defuse the current situation, warning all liberals that even the emergence of new, not entirely democratic regimes will not mean the end of history.
Soldiers rehearse, draw the curtains. China prepares celebrations at the site of the massacre
The army practiced the parade over recent weekends. Shops in central Beijing had to close and residents near the square were ordered to close their curtains. Military vehicles rolled into the square on empty streets and fighter jets circled in the sky.
Several Chinese told Reuters they were proud that their country would display its military might, but one woman said it was hard to deny that the celebrations would unsettle other nations.
She appeared to be referring to Taiwan, which China claims and where elections are coming up, but there may also be concerns in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, where thousands of people have repeatedly demonstrated against the Chinese-appointed caretaker.
Celebrations are also planned outside Beijing. The southern Chinese port of Xiamen put on a special light show on Thursday night. Xiamen is located opposite the island of Taiwan and is one of China's ten most innovative cities.
Ahead of the anniversary, the list of banned items is growing. It already includes drones, balloons, dragons, alcohol, radios and devices using radio waves, the Guardian pointed out. It added that China's popular social network Weibo is deleting "harmful political information."
"This is another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Chinese Communist Party is staying (at the oar) despite all the predictions," said historian Maura Cunningham, who studies China. "This is a moment when the party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was founded in 1949 when Communists led by Mao Zedong won a battle with Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalists, who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960s, China underwent a disastrous communist experiment in the form of the so-called Cultural Revolution. In June 1989, the Tiananmen Square regime massacred thousands of pro-democracy protesters, both students and workers.
Since the late 1970s, China has increasingly taken on elements of the capitalist economy. Critics say it is now a mixture of the worst of communism (one-party monopoly and persecution of the opposition) and (Dickensian) capitalism (exploitation of workers).
Czechs or children banned from entering. Choi reveals discrimination in restaurants
These included, for example, erroneous price information and failure to comply with the principles of fair sales.
In one case of discrimination, a restaurant in Prague refuses to allow smaller children into the establishment. According to ČOI, it writes on its website that the facility is not suitable for children under the age of eight. "When asked electronically by a consumer if it is possible to order a table for four adults and one child under the age of four, the restaurant employee replied electronically that they do not accept the presence of children under the age of eight in the restaurant," Fröhlich said.
In the second case, another Prague company did not want to allow Czech-speaking people to sit at the table, while allowing English-speaking people to do so. "Czech-speaking inspectors, in their capacity as consumers, were not allowed to sit at the table in the restaurant and make an order. English-speaking consumers were allowed to do so," said a spokesman for the Czech Republic.
Both cases are now being dealt with in administrative proceedings. As they are not yet definitively concluded, a spokesperson for the inspection could not give further information on the restaurants in question.
However, discrimination occurred in only a very small part of the restaurants inspected in the second quarter. In total, Choi carried out 139 inspections. Apart from the two cases of discrimination, it detected other errors in 64 cases. Most of them were deficiencies in respect of the principles of fairness of sales and failure to inform consumers about the prices of products and services in accordance with the regulations.
On Wednesday, the inspection reported cases of discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreigners were charged higher amounts than Czech-speaking clients. In these cases, final fines of 60,000 crowns have already been imposed.
For holidays with just a credit card? Neo account offers free withdrawals from ATMs all over the world!
According to surveys, about half of all Czechs who go abroad have become accustomed to paying directly by card. The main reasons include comfort, security, as well as the possibility of using travel insurance, which is often associated with a payment card.
Travellers in almost every corner of the world can appreciate the convenience of paying by card. This is especially true in popular tourist destinations, but today payment cards are accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, perhaps for work, do not have time to go to exchange offices repeatedly to exchange cash. And even" vacationers "do not want to rely on cash to make ends meet. In addition, some foreign currencies are not even available to Czech banks or exchange offices. We have therefore solved this with the NEO account so that its users can withdraw cash free of charge from all ATMs wherever they are," says Kateřina Petko, Director of Marketing and Communications and Spokesperson of Expobank CZ.
Moreover, a payment card is a much more reliable way than cash not to lose your money. If you lose a full wallet, the owner may not be able to wait for the money he carried in it. However, if he only loses his payment card, he can easily block it immediately over the phone or via internet banking. If he acts quickly, he does not have to suffer any financial loss at all. "Keeping money in a bank account has other advantages besides its reliable protection. For example, the NEO account has an interest rate of 1.6% per year, which is one of the highest among current and savings accounts. It is set up and managed completely online without the need to visit a branch. In addition, the money in the bank account is insured up to 100,000 euros and the account management is completely free of charge," adds Kateřina Petko.
For anyone planning to go abroad, travel insurance should be a matter of course. Thanks to the possibility to arrange it and pay with an online card, this can be done even at the last minute. However, the mere possession of a payment card often means insurance protection when travelling. "For example, for embossed MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business cards, travel insurance is an integral part when travelling abroad to all countries of the world. Holders of these cards can also insure their family with whom they are travelling. This often eliminates any further arrangements," adds Kateřina Petko from Expobank CZ. However, it is always advisable to check the scope of the insurance, i.e. whether it covers all the activities that travellers plan to undertake.
We are looking for motivated immigrants. The head of the children's clinic is building an international team of doctors, bringing their stories
Albanian Ledjona Toni studied medicine in Czech and today few people know that she is a foreigner.
Hundreds of medical students from abroad are studying in the Czech Republic and could stay and work here. Some of them have been tried by a paediatric clinic in Motol, Prague.
Tara Hussein Tayeb had to get up early to arrive at the Motol hospital in Prague around 5 p.m. A Kurdka with close-cropped hair flew to the Czech Republic from Suleimania, a city in northeast Iraq, where she works as a pediatrician in a hospital and still treats small patients in the afternoon as part of a private practice. She also teaches at the university.
Spilková at par. She is on the verge of advancing after the first round in Indianapolis.
After the first round of the Tech Championship in Indianapolis, golfer Klára Spilková is on the verge of reaching the final rounds. On Thursday, she made two birdie, two bogeys and finished the opening day at par. With a 72, she is tied for 69th, which is the expected cut.
Spilková, 24, returned to the circuit a month ago after a two-month medical break and did not make it to the second half of the tournament in Portland. She rested due to fatigue and exhaustion after a previous illness.
The first Czech winner of a professional tournament at the European LET Series is a member of the LPGA Tour for the first year and has not fared well so far. She has made the cut three times in 12 tournaments, the best being 32nd in Hawaii. She is fighting to keep her card for the next season.
The tournament in Indianapolis was played best by Korea's Hor Mizhong. After the first round, she has a score of -9 and a two-shot lead over three opponents.
The Prague Stock Exchange grew slightly, Czech banks, O2 and Avast did well
The Prague Stock Exchange closed the trading week with a slight rise. The PX index rose 0.13 percent to 1038.45 points. It was driven up by Czech banks, telecommunications company O2 and technology company Avast. On the contrary, Austrian titles and media company CME did not do well. This is clear from the results of trading on the stock exchange website.
For most of Friday's session, the Prague Stock Exchange traded in slightly positive territory and eventually ended with a small gain. "However, for the whole week (the PX index) lost slightly over one percent," said Josef Dudek of Fio banka.
Domestic banks partially corrected the declines of the past few days. Komerční banka improved by 0.82 percent to 803 crowns and Moneta Money Bank by 0.41 percent to 72.80 crowns. Avast's shares appreciated by 0.89 percent to 113 crowns and O2 added 0.46 percent to 216.50 crowns.
Kofola securities rose the most, by 1.38 percent to 294 crowns. The tobacco company Philip Morris gained less than a percent, and its shares rose to 13,640 crowns.
The securities of the energy company ČEZ stagnated at 520 crowns on Thursday.
Three titles were loss-making - Erste Bank depreciated 0.87 percent to 779.20 crowns, CME 0.73 percent to 109 crowns and insurance company VIG 0.40 percent to 618 crowns.
The crown weakened slightly against both major world currencies. It lost four pennies on the euro to 25.85 CZK / EUR, and three pennies on the dollar to 23.62 CZK / USD, according to data from Patria Online.
My heart is like a bell and the lungs of a non-smoker. I'll just have a few infusions, joked Zeman
The head of state underwent several hours of medical examination at the Central Military Hospital (ÚVN) on Tuesday. According to the hospital director Miroslav Zavoral, doctors did not find any "diseased conditions" in the president. The president will celebrate his 75th birthday on Saturday.
Doctors at the president's office revealed mild signs of dehydration. His problems with low pressure were caused by a lack of irrigation. "In order to correct the dehydration of the body, I will have several infusions that will get minerals into my body," said Zeman.
Otherwise, he said, the director of the ÚVN stated that "the Czech state has a healthy president." In this context, the president mentioned that Zavoral had received several hate messages due to a medical examination.
According to the president, the doctors examined him thoroughly and did not miss a single spot on his body. "So a brief recap: The heart beats like a bell, the lungs are clean, as if he were not a smoker, the liver works as if I were a teetotaler, the kidneys are also fine and I can go on and on," said Zeman.
Idnes.cz contacted the military hospital to comment on Zeman's statement about his health.
The issue of Zeman's health became an issue especially at the time of last year's presidential election or at some public appearances, during which Zeman has clear problems with walking. According to Prague Castle, the president walks badly due to diabetic polyfunctional neuropathy. He also has problems with low blood pressure and has difficulty hearing. Because of his health, he has reduced smoking.
In their study, scientists are looking for toddlers with a birth defect called ankle valgosity
Ankle valgosity is a birth defect that affects five to ten percent of children. By default, it is treated with intensive exercise. Scientists are trying to help these children even more, so they have developed special footwear that should significantly speed up the treatment.
"We have two prototypes of shoes that will be worn by healthy children and children with a diagnosis to map the effect in both groups. Participation in the research will have no risks for children and the measurement will be completely painless," explains Marta Gimunová, head of research at the Faculty of Sports Studies at MU.
Parents of both groups of children can report to the study via the website, where a registration form and all information are available.
Scientists are looking for 50 children with a diagnosis and 50 children who are healthy. Of each group, half will always wear health shoes and half will not.
"The moment when parents should sign up their child is when they start to take their first separate steps, typically starting with furniture, for example, which they hold on to when trying to walk. Participating in the research involves three measurements within seven months of the child's first steps, each lasting about 20 minutes, and for half of the participants it also involves wearing the tested shoes," Gimun points out.
A pike in a pond or a relatively prosperous chancellery?
Babiš chose statistics for his optimistic view, such as good security (the Czech Republic is seventh in the world), low unemployment rate, low national debt, or the fact that our country is 24th in quality of life out of 140 countries evaluated, according to a recent study.
Developer Dušan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot, in a television interview on the occasion of the Architecture and Development Summit, however, also presented other, not nearly as "rosy" data. For example, the Czech Republic is ranked 154th in the world in terms of the speed of construction procedures. It may be that the current economic "boom" will not leave any significant building heritage as it did in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only the existing legislation, but also the slow, inefficient bureaucracy, which is also documented by comparative studies in which the Czech Republic lags far behind developed countries in the overall quality and performance of public administration.
Our country has simply not yet been able to make good use of the potential of the good economic situation of recent years to invest in the future. While it is nice that salaries and pensions are increasing, people with improving living standards will also want to have a place to live, to travel in a modern and fast way, to have quality cultural stands, to live without an unbearable environmental burden.
However, in the capital city of Prague, it has not been possible for years to complete the inner and outer ring, or to build an Expressway or metro to the airport. And Prague does not even have a modern, architecturally bold national library, concert hall or national gallery. The reason is not only the absurd wrangling over architectural competitions, zoning plans and building permits, but also a kind of specifically Czech conservatism, which adheres to the motto "every bold change is for the worse."
And when it seems that something bolder could be done, it will almost certainly be thwarted by monuments or other somewhat stubborn associations, or politicians. In the absurd drama surrounding Jan Kaplický's "blob" designed for the new building of the National Library, even President Václav Klaus wanted to join the dredgers.
However, the list does not end with Prague. The Czech Republic is not able to complete its backbone motorway network, nor to start building train express trains, so Germany eventually decided to run its tracks for superfast trains from Berlin to Vienna by "detour" through Bavaria. Moreover, repairs to existing infrastructure are sometimes drowned in the shenanigans. Getting from Prague to Brno quickly is now a puzzle.
Babiš came into politics promising to "get things done." As far as meaningful investments and the acceleration of cumbersome bureaucratic procedures are concerned, not much has happened so far. Since 2018, there has been an amendment to the law on the acceleration of construction of transport infrastructure, but we will have to wait for the larger positive effects of, for example, easier expropriation of land. And the new building code, approved by the government, which is said to reduce the current average length of construction procedures from 5.4 years to one year, will, if we are lucky, start to apply from 2021. But many people would probably not bet on it.
Uncombed wants 45 million from the state
According to Vladimír Řepka, the Ministry of Justice has received six requests in this connection so far and is now analysing them. The young man was in prison for two years for assaulting a woman, but the judiciary finally acquitted him.
Both the Attorney General Pavel Zeman and the Minister of Justice Marie Benešová did not appeal the case.
The attempted murder of a hairdresser in Hořice took place in February 2013. The Hradec public prosecutor's office charged him with the then 20-year-old student of the Nečesaný Gymnasium. The prosecution claimed that he hit the woman several times in the head with a log and then took over ten thousand crowns from her. The seriously injured woman was found by her son, her life was saved by doctors at the Hradec hospital.
Uncombed denied any wrongdoing from the start. "I am innocent and I swear on that. I am sincerely sorry for what happened to the victim, but I am not the perpetrator," the young man, who did not deny that he was at the hair salon on the fateful day, said he wanted to get a haircut. He left after the woman told him that he was already closing up. He then came forward as a witness to the police.
The hairdresser at first did not recognize him as the aggressor during questioning, but later identified Uncombed as the attacker. According to forensic experts, she suffered from blackouts after the attack.
The Hradec Regional Court handed down five consecutive sentences in the case. First, it found Uncombed guilty twice and sentenced him to 16 years in prison, while the Appeals High Court reduced his sentence to 13 years. Uncombed gradually went to prison twice, but each time he was freed after the intervention of the Supreme Court. After the ordered replacement of the bench, the last one was upheld by the High Court in March this year.
However, the chairman of the Board of Appeal, Jiří Lněnička, also stated in the grounds of his conclusions that this decision was wrong, but that due to the procedural situation, he did not have a better option. He said that he rejected the prosecutor's appeal against the acquittal, even though her appeals were justified.
"The problem with this case is not that there is a lack of evidence, but an evaluation of it. We consider that sufficient evidence was gathered in the pre-trial proceedings, which in another criminal case would have been more than sufficient for the admission of guilt," Lněnička stated.
However, both the Hradec and the Supreme Court took a different view of the case and their opinion would probably not have been changed by the further annulment of the acquittal.
Epilepsy complicated his love of sports, thanks to surgery he has a new hope
For the first time, Honzík's parents noticed that something was wrong with him, in a year and a half. He always looked into space for a few minutes, became immobile and did not react to anyone. The pediatrician therefore sent him to the pediatric neurological clinic, where after a series of examinations, doctors diagnosed him with epilepsy and immediately put him on medication, which did not work immediately.
It took almost a year for doctors to find the ideal combination of drugs, thanks to which he completely stopped having seizures. At the age of five, doctors stopped his medication, and because the seizures did not return, his parents thought that Honza was healthy and started to lead him more into sports. He rode his bike, skied, played tennis and floorboards, spent his free time playing with his sister and friends. At the age of 11, however, he had another seizure and it all started again.
Doctors tried different combinations of drugs again, but this time nothing worked, the seizures in the form of absences kept repeating themselves. Since during the attack Honza always lost consciousness, his parents were terrified that he would get it in sport and get injured. Gradually Honza stopped cycling and swapped downhill skis for cross-country skis and snowboards. Although from time to time the sport caused him to have a seizure, he never gave it up completely. He even fulfilled his dream and ran the Spartan Race, but together with a friend who kept an eye on him to help in case of emergency.
When Honza was 15 years old, his parents decided to try to change doctors and turned to specialists at the FN in Motol. After a series of examinations, the doctors there decided that Honza was a candidate for surgery to remove a deposit from his brain - the source of epileptic seizures. "I had to have two operations in a row, first the doctors put probes into my brain to take pictures of his activity, then they were able to remove the bearing. It was hell for me for several weeks. I just had to lie there and hardly move, wires sticking out of my head that were connected to the computer," recalls Honza.
The operation was successful and the doctors removed the relatively large deposit. "The first days after the operation it was very mentally demanding, Honza was apathetic, confused, sad and hardly spoke. Compared to how he is normally alive and communicative, it was a scary change, but fortunately after a few days everything returned to normal," says the mother, adding: "A month and a half after the operation he had 1 seizure, but according to the doctors it happens. Since then he has been free of seizures for 3 months."
This school year Honza will graduate, besides sports he enjoys languages and has started working with the E Society, with which he goes to meetings about epilepsy in schools. Honza is not yet fully engaged in sports activities, he is starting to return to sports slowly. "I am learning how to play sports properly, how to breathe well, so as not to expose my body to sudden stress, which is quite a challenge with my competitive nature," explains Honza.
This year, therefore, they will not actively participate in the traditional Eppi water triathlon, which brings together epilepsy sufferers and healthy athletes, and which is already taking place this weekend on 28 September 2019 in Veselská sandbox. But next year, perhaps, they will.
Xxx Lutz can buy rival Kik, authority says, but there's a catch
"The Office for the Protection of Competition has authorised the merger of competitors - XLCEE-Holding GmbH, on the one hand, and Kika Nábět and Lambda Properties Czechia, on the other, subject to the fulfilment of structural commitments set out in favour of maintaining effective competition," said Martin Švanda, spokesman for the OHS.
XLCEE- Holding owns Möbelix stores in addition to the XXX Lutz chain. If it were to absorb the Kika chain, it would occupy too large a part of the Czech furniture and accessories market. Therefore, it has to sell off part of the purchased company.
XLCEE-Holding is also buying branches of Kika in other countries where the chain operates, namely Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. There, too, the transaction must be authorised by the antitrust authorities. The purchase of 22 foreign branches of the Kika chain from Signa holding company was announced by XXX Lutz in May. Signa took over the failing Kika last year at a symbolic price.
The Kika chain entered the Czech market in 2005 and is number two after the Swedish firm IKEA. Before it was taken over by the Austrian company Signa, it belonged to the South African firm Steinhoff International Holdings from 2013. It faced problems when it discovered discrepancies in its accounts. Kika has nine stores in the Czech Republic.
Xxx Lutz has been operating in the Czech Republic since 2010. In addition to IKEA, Sconto, Jysk and Asko-Furniture and Kika, it is one of the largest furniture retailers on the domestic market. The same owner is the Möbelix brand. After taking over Kika's foreign branches, XXX Lutz will already operate over 300 department stores in 12 countries. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is 4.4 billion euros (about $114 billion).
The library commemorates the anniversary of the death of Václav IV with a manuscript exhibition
Six rare historical manuscripts from the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries, i.e. from the time of the Roman and Czech kings Vaclav IV, can be viewed today and Saturday by people in Klementino, Prague. The National Library has released them from its vaults to commemorate this year's 600th anniversary of Václav's death. This morning, librarians and restorers placed rare originals in display cases in the Mirror Chapel. Admission to the exhibition is free, it is open both days from 10: 00 to 18: 00.
The exhibition of documents entitled Ad mandatu domini Regis: From the Royal Office and the Library of Václav IV was prepared by the library together with the National Archives. The written heritage from the reign of Václav IV is viewed by the National Archives from the point of view of official documents and the National Library from the point of view of literary works, said its author Jan Vojtíšek.
"Visitors can look forward, for example, to a work on agriculture by Petr de Crescentiis, which is basically an encyclopedia of agriculture, or to the Breviar, a prayer book by one of the Benedictines of St. George's Monastery in Prague Castle, from the beginning of the 15th century," he said, listing the reasons why people should look at the exhibition.
The Epistles of Peter of Blois will also be exhibited, where the opening miniature H (enrico) depicts a semi-figure of King Henry II of England. The author of the decoration is most likely the Master of Samson's History, who, in addition to two volumes of the Bible of Wenceslas IV, was also involved in the decoration of a number of other manuscripts. Visitors will also see a Latin collection of John Wycliffe's tracts from the period about 1411 to 1414.
Not a single book has been preserved from the Václav IV library in the Czech Republic. According to experts, this library was one of the largest and also the most beautiful book collections in Central Europe at the time, because the young king wanted to build a representative library to match the book collections of his French relatives. However, the library died soon after Václav's death. Apparently it was stolen or destroyed during the conquest of the castle by the Hussites. However, several codes were saved. The Austrian National Library owns the most of them today.
"We have a number of treasures in our collections and I am glad that they are in a state that allows them to be exhibited and made available to the public so called live and not only in the form of the Manuscriptorium digital library," said Martin Kocanda, director of the National Library.
On the day of Saturday's public holiday, an exhibition entitled What hides under the floor, which presents local archaeological discoveries, will also be opened free of charge in Klementinum.
Kristýna Pinková fails to reach the final, second title eludes her
The environment in Tashkent was good for her, she won her first WTA tournament here in 2016 and this year she was very confident.
After wins with Paolini, Kawa and Kužmová, she made the top four players.
However, the match with Alison Van Uytvanck did not go well for Kristýna. The Belgian held her serve and broke twice in the first set. In the second set, Van Uytvanck took an early 3-0 lead and Kristýna did not manage to turn it around, although she managed to convert one break point in the end. In the last, she averted one match point, but in the second, the end came.
Petra Černocká changed her image and did well! She got younger in her blonde hair
The film Saxana Petra Černocká (69) looks absolutely fantastic for her age. Although she will celebrate the jubilee of her life in November, she never looked like a pensioner. And now she has helped. She changed her image until her colleagues did not recognize her.
Actress Petra Černocká has never looked like a typical grandmother who had her hair streaked with grey, wore sedate things and went out sporadically. She has always looked after herself and the older she gets, the more she can unwind in looking at her image.
Fortunately, she hasn't succumbed to the trend of plastic surgery and is taking care of her skin with a good old-fashioned indulona, and her anti-wrinkle recipe is paying off, but now she has changed her hair color and completely figured it out.
When she came to a social event where celebrities were saying goodbye to summer, no one could recognize Petra. Not only did she have lighter and shorter hair, but she was also dressed in a yellow jacket, which made her even brighter.
Ladies should learn from Saxana how not to underestimate the fact that even at the age of 70, they can take risks with their appearance. And it paid off for Petra, who looks to be no more than 50.
Traveller Zikmund or General Boček. The Senate handed out commemorative medals
The 96-year-old Boček, who was a fighter in the British Air Force during World War II, thanked everyone for the medals awarded. "The Senate was one of the first that did not forget and does not forget war veterans," he said, among other things. "The award I received today also belongs to my friends, who are no longer among us," he added.
In his speech, Kubera warned against dividing society. "Let us not forget our roots, which unite and shape us all, whether we want to or not. After all, it is from these values that our successful present comes," said Kubera.
The awards included cardiologist and most cited Czech scientist Renata Cífková, long-time rector of Tomáš Bati University in Zlín Petr Sáha, geologist, writer and traveller and popularizer of science Václav Cílek, president of the Czech Biathlon Association and vice president of the World Biathlon Union Jiří Hamza and František Paštěka. The upper house praised his heroism - in January this year he saved the life of his neighbour and his two-year-old granddaughter when he pulled them out of a burning car. The medals were also awarded to former presidents of the upper house Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch.
Together with Jiří Hanzelka, Zikmund undertook a number of travel expeditions around the world, gathering a number of documentary material. Fištejn was both a commentator and director of broadcasting at Radio Free Europe, now he works with the public media. Steigerwald is also a playwright and scriptwriter, musician Kocáb was the head of the parliamentary commission for overseeing the removal of Soviet troops.
Luboš Perek, astronomer and head emeritus of the United Nations Office for Space Affairs, received the medal in advance on the occasion of his 100th birthday in July. Czech native Madeleine Albright and British philosopher and political scientist Roger Scruton, who was also involved in the activities of the so-called underground university during the communist regime in the former Czechoslovakia, are to receive the same award before the end of the year.
The app will help to equip workshops. For points gained by moving
Equip the wood workshop of the Hodonín Integrated School with new hand tools. This can now be done by all those who download the EPP Help with Motion app to their mobile phones.
"With your movement, you collect points, which you then add to the account of our project. You do not have to be a race runner or a cyclist, points are loaded even if you go walking your dog or shopping, go for a walk or walk to work," said Eva Schmidová, director of the Hodonín school. The project was among the most interesting of a huge number of other applications for the ČEZ Foundation. The application will only be active for one month.
