An unusually open and unique image of Karel Gott in the feature documentary Olga Špátová
This unique film from the workshop of Olga Špátová will have its premiere in Czech cinemas next spring.
"In mid-September last year, Ivanka and Karel Gott called me and asked me if I would make a documentary about his life with Karl again after ten years. I didn't hesitate a minute! Filming with a person who has lasted more than half a century in the limelight of Czech culture thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and immeasurable diligence was and is a great honour for me. I accepted the invitation to make a full-length documentary film about Karel Gott, who brings joy to three generations of listeners with his art, as a commitment to this legendary singer," director Olga Špátová describes her feelings.
Thanks to a quick agreement and agreement, the first shooting day took place already on 22 October last year and the last shots with Karel Gott were shot a few days ago. The aim was and is absolutely clear - to capture authentically Karel Gott as a phenomenal singer who gives himself away to his supporters, as a painter, but at the same time a loving husband and father of his children. A man who for sixty years has been giving joy with his songs to several generations not only in our country, but also in Europe, and indeed all over the world. A man who has written himself into the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The film is not meant to be a showcase for the indisputable fame of Karel Gott and his achievements. "Therefore, it is not possible to compare my previous film Phenomenon Gott with this current one. Everyone's different. At least by filming them at a different stage of Karel Gott's life, and this will be very evident in his personal, even intimate confession, which he gave us and which confirmed us all in what legend we have the opportunity to work with and spend time that is truly indescribable," adds Olga Špátová.
The creators captured Karel Gott during his performances, during meetings with his fans in our country and in Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, at a cottage in Czech Switzerland, in the village where he spent his childhood, and in other places that played an important role in his life. Thanks to the sincere openness of Karel Gott, the film will be completely authentic and unique.
"Olga has a great gift for filming with her narrow team in such a way that we were often carried away by the spontaneous atmosphere and naturally allowed her into our privacy, which allowed me to talk about topics quite intimate. With her husband, the cameraman Jan Malíř, she became a part of our family. We originally planned to release the film in 2019, when I celebrated my life's jubilee. But since my family and I still had a great summer, I wanted us to shoot as long as possible. Well, since there was a lot of me in 2019, my wish was that it would be released in cinemas next spring. This documentary film is a thank you to my supporters and all those who supported me in my profession," says Karel Gott himself.
Insects are up to 60 times less than 40 years ago
No other animal class is more represented in nature than insects. Bugs, butterflies, and other species account for more than half of life on Earth. But there are increasing reports that the insect kingdom is shrinking radically. Another scientific study on the subject was published just this week, and the situation, according to her, is even more serious than humanity has realized so far.
The study is based on field research in the tropical forest of Puerto Rico, in which American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As it says at the beginning of the report, insects are "ten to sixty times fewer" in the forest today. It is the decline of the entire population, not the number of species, and the research involved not only insects, but all arthropods. Due to the extinction of insects, the population of other fauna that depend on insects in the food chain, such as birds, frogs or lizards, is also dwindling.
The authors of the research put their conclusions in direct connection with climate change. Average air temperatures in the forest have risen two degrees Celsius in the last thirty years, they say, and warming has driven the collapse of the food chain. According to the authors, the study shows that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems may be much greater than previously assumed.
There was a big story about the report in the Washington Post on Monday, which headlined the new findings as hyper-alarming. "It's one of the most disturbing articles I've ever read," University of Connecticut entomologist David Wagner told the paper, citing him as an independent expert.
The extinction of insects also affects Europe. "In our country the decline is also of the order of magnitude," says Lukáš Čížek from the Institute of Entomology of the Academy of Sciences. According to him, in addition to climate change, it is also necessary to take into account changes in the landscape, which play an essential role in Europe. "It has only been running for a significantly longer time here than in Puerto Rico," Čížek adds, explaining why scientists were able to measure such a rapid decline in the forest compared to the 1970s.
Ondřej Houska's Czechs in Europe: Should Czechoslovakia have rejected the Munich Agreement in 1938 and gone to war with Germany? Three NO's.
The undated picture depicts Adolf Hitler visiting a Czechoslovak border fortification. The task of the forts was never to stop the German army, but to slow its advance before the Allies were involved.
If, almost exactly 81 years ago, Czechoslovakia had rejected the Munich Agreement and then faced a German attack, what would have put out the most Czechoslovak soldiers? German tanks, air force, or artillery? It might not have been one of those weapons, even though the Germans had overwhelming superiority over the Czechoslovaks. The Czechoslovak army would probably suffer the greatest losses - due to blisters.
Police union president Stepanek resigns, wants to live as a free man
The chairman of the Independent Union of Police, Milan Štěpánek, has decided to leave his post. It was announced on Friday by Czech Radio - Radiožurnál. Štěpánek has led the trade unions since 2005. He'll be union president for two more months. He will remain in the police force after leaving the head of the union.
"I can confirm that this week I submitted my written resignation to the Bureau, after which I will continue to perform my duties fully for two months," Štěpánek told Radiožurnál. "I've made my decision as a free man who doesn't want to be tied to a union forever. And who wants to live a quieter life," he said.
The independent trade union of the Police of the Czech Republic brings together members and employees of the security forces and employees of the Ministry of the Interior. Among other things, the Union has participated in police protests against budget cuts or petitions for better conditions for security forces. He was also involved in a dispute with then-Interior Minister Radek John in 2011 and organised a petition for his resignation. The leadership of the ruling coalition later agreed on John's departure.
Museum in Semily returns to the Velvet Revolution with exhibition
An imitation of a normalisation room with a television in which footage of the brutal intervention of police officers against students on 17 November 1989 in Prague is played. This is also on the new exhibition of the museum in Semily, which is dedicated to the Velvet Revolution. "The basis is to present what happened in Semily after the events on the National Avenue," said the exhibition's curator, Tomáš Chvátal.
"I would say that the atmosphere was basically the same everywhere with the fact that in Semily there was the first demonstration on 22 November, and then every day more people were gradually packed," he said. Among the most active was initially a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěcha, who was the only one from the town and the surrounding area to sign Charter 77, and Mr and Mrs Grandfather, who extended the petition Several Sentences. The Civic Forum was also created relatively quickly, according to Chvátal. "One specificity is that there was a very strong group of local doctors in the Civic Forum," the curator said.
Approximately 50 photographs, taken 30 years ago by Karel Bárta, should draw visitors into what was happening in the city at that time. The video from the general strike on November 27, 1989, filmed by František Tomíček, which will be played in a loop throughout the exhibition, has also been preserved. At the demonstration, Ivan Hlas also spoke and sang. The Semily Archive also lent a number of preserved banners to the exhibition. "They said: Let's not get drunk on a roll, From trough to trough, We don't want violence," Chvátal said. Some changes in the city were very quick at the time, for example, as early as December, the people voted in the all-Semitic vote that the square would be Riegrovo and abolished the previous name Gottwaldovo.
The exhibition also depicts the events before the November events. "In the first part, we present to the old-timers and students what was before, such a late normalization. I think we have managed to collect unique documents from Semily, whether they are banners with various communist slogans or a bronze plaque from the museum of the workers' movement at the time," Chvátal said. One room is supposed to give a sense of what it might have been like in the living room of an ordinary household.
The last part of the exhibition is devoted to what happened after the Velvet Revolution. It focuses on the first free elections. "We wallpapered one room with campaign posters. If you've seen it, you'll remember the posters. With us to Europe or there, Václav Klaus is still under the heading of OF with the beautiful motto Everyone for their community," added the curator.
Let the fans be positive, wishes Hašek. Sparta awaits a hit in Pilsen
"We'll play to the limit, do everything we can to succeed. In order to manage the match gaming and results," promised Spartan Martin Hašek in an interview for club television.
In the week the goal decided the cup duel in Jihlava (2:1). Sparta advanced to the next round, which was her duty. She's relieved, but she's still in the playroom.
Even though the season slowly spills over into the second period, football Sparta is still looking for the face that coach Václav Jílek spoke about early in his career.
“But it’s still Sparta, which has very good players. We are facing a difficult match," warns Pilsen's Roman Procházka.
The last time the Spartans had arrived at Štruncová sady, in mid-May, it had been a straightforward affair in the superstructure. The visitors left after a soulless performance with a 0:4 beating, the biggest in the history of the independent Czech league.
While the gap between the clubs in the table was eight points before the match, Sparta now loses nine points after ten games of the new season. He's having one of the worst starts to the season ever.
"It is not an easy situation for us or for fans who would like to see their beloved club completely different from what it is at the moment," Hašek feels. "But we would like them to continue to support us, stay positive and stand behind us."
Sparta do not know if they will be able to use Tetteh in Plzeň, who received a two-match suspension for suspension in Plzeň, but appealed against it on Friday.
Costa, Dočkal, Drchal, Panák, Pulkrab, Zahustel, Krejčí and Kadlec, who is the only one of the cadre who remembers the last Spartans victory in Pilsen in 2011, remain in the numerous sickbay.
The home side, who have won their last five matches including Wednesday's cup in Hlučín, should only be missing midfielder Čermák. And as captain, they should be led into the game by defenseman Jakub Brabec, a Spartans outfielder.
Download Metro 2033 Redux and Everything for free on PC, you have until Thursday
The link to both games is on the Epic Store here. You can add games to your library directly via the web, but to play you need to download the client Epic Games Launcher. You have until October 3rd.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original 2010 game, adding graphic and playable changes from the Last Light sequel.
The story, based on Dmitri Glukhovsky's book of the same name, takes place in 2033 in Russia after the nuclear war. The Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Humanity had to go underground, in our case, to the vast Moscow metro complexes.
"Take the post-apocalyptic world and the oppressive atmosphere from an unfamiliar environment, reduce the vastness of the world and add a lot of spectacular scripts and action passages and tradáá: Metro 2033 is in the world," we wrote on Bonusweb in a period review.
Everything, on the other hand, is a relaxing game-non-game in a procedurally generated world that carries the message of the English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. A player can become anything from an animal to a tree to a planet.
You must have JavaScript support enabled to view the video.
"Terrifying study result." Islam does not belong in the West, the vast majority of Austrians think.
1200 respondents were questioned, the survey shows a considerable distrust of Islam in Austrian society.
Nearly 60 percent of the population in Austria fear that some Muslims are terrorists, and 48 percent would demand the introduction of a ban on the construction of mosques. For more monitoring of the centers of Islam 80 percent of respondents.
Most Austrians also want Muslims to be restricted in their religious practices, saying that the presence of Muslims sometimes makes them feel like foreigners in their own country.
"The result of the study is frightening," says study author Wolfgang Aschauer, adding: "Such a tendency towards ethnocentrism could eventually lead to the adoption of discriminatory attitudes. Religious freedoms granted to Muslims are in danger of becoming narrower."
For believers, the critical attitude is less pronounced. Aschauer argues that in Austria there is no conflict between religions, but between cultures. Dialogue and education could help to blunt polarization, according to the sociologist.
According to the study, the most hostile attitudes toward Muslims are held by voters on the extreme right, those without a college education, or the elderly over the age of 75. Green voters, people under 30 and college students are the most welcoming.
According to estimates by the Austrian Interior Ministry, approximately 700,000 Muslims live in Austria, which has a population of about 8.7 million. The vast majority have Turkish roots. There are more than 400 Muslim prayers and mosques in the country, and Islam has been officially recognized as a religion since 1912.
Thomas Cook: The Czechs were thrown out of a hotel in Mallorca. Guarantees weren't enough.
The group's Austrian, German and Polish divisions also filed for insolvency in the week. The future of the Czech branch is currently under negotiation and should be decided by the end of September.
According to the Vice-President of the Association of Travel Agencies of the Czech Republic, Jan Papež, there are three possible solutions in play - liquidation will be announced, or the company will be sold, or the team from the Czech branch will set up a new travel agency. "Which one it will be, but it is impossible to predict, it will be up to the German owner," he told the Czech News Agency today.
In addition to two prematurely terminated trips, the TA also deals with cases where clients had to pay for their stay out of their own pocket, although the company tries to provide guarantees to hoteliers. CK promised to pay its clients, according to the Pope, the company has sufficient security to do so.
Problems in hotels arose mainly in Mallorca, where the company also asked the Czech consulate for help. In this context, the Pope described to the Czech News Agency one of the cases where the local hotel fired all the tourists' offices. "The hotelier could not determine who belongs under German and who belongs under Czech society. He therefore threw everyone out of the hotel despite the fact that the Czech Neckermann provided guarantees," he said. According to Šrámek, the situation was eventually resolved.
The Czech branch of the bankrupt British group Thomas Cook increased its revenues to CZK 995 million last year, up by almost 21 percent year-on-year, according to the company's annual report. It covers the accounting period from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. The company's net profit, on the other hand, decreased by approximately seven million to 15.3 million crowns. From previous years, however, the company had an unpaid loss of almost CZK 103 million. The branch includes two basic divisions - besides CK Neckermann it is also the company Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump Considers Unregistering Chinese Stocks in the US
U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration is considering revoking Chinese companies’ stock market permits in the United States. An informed source told Reuters today. Such a move would be a radical escalation of trade tensions between the US and China. Shares of the companies in question on the New York Stock Exchange immediately went down on the news, dragging the market down with them.
The withdrawal of shares would be part of a broader effort to curb US investment in China, the source added. He confirmed a Bloomberg report that had sent financial markets into shock shortly before. Shares in Chinese companies Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI were down two to four percent.
According to government data from February, 156 Chinese companies are listed on the Nasdaq and NYSE. There are also at least 11 state-owned enterprises.
Bloomberg pointed out that a precise mechanism had not yet been developed to ensure the withdrawal of Chinese companies' shares from US stock exchanges. Any plan would have to be approved by Trump, who has given the green light to negotiations on the matter.
China and the US have been engaged in a trade war for more than a year, imposing tariffs on each other. The dispute between the two countries has negative effects on the world economy and raises fears of a global recession. Washington is using tariffs to try to get Beijing to change its trade practices and reduce China's surplus in trade with the US.
According to CNBC, trade negotiations between the US and China are scheduled to resume on October 10. His goal is to end the trade war.
Police charge CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangráce over promotion contracts
Police have charged the former manager of the state agency CzechTourism, Aleš Pangráce, over promotion contracts. Pangrác server ListNews confirmed that it took charge this week. Czech Television (ČT) reported last year that police officers are examining contracts worth CZK 38 million in the case. According to the police, some of the money was going back to Pangrác, writes the server. Criminals were also interested in the Minister for Regional Development, Klára Dostálová (for ANO), whose department CzechTourism belongs to. The investigation is continuing, according to the server.
Detectives from the National Central Against Organised Crime secured evidence in this case in the second half of last November. For example, they were at the headquarters of the Ministry of Regional Development, at the headquarters of CzechTourism, at the autodrome in Most or at the agency Sport Invest. The office computer was also taken from the secretary's apartment. The court search warrant for Dostálová, previously cited by ČT, stated that the minister decided in 2016, when she was a deputy, on the expenses of CzechTourism for the benefit of the chosen persons through mediation and outside the standard official procedure. Dostálová said at the time that she felt absolutely innocent, she did not make any mistake, she can document everything and she cooperates fully with the police.
According to the agency, it was individual misconduct. Media reported earlier that he was the former director of the Regional Partnership Department in CzechTourism, Aleš Pangráce, who had been dismissed due to the results of the audit. As a result, the CzechTourism agency concluded 48 problematic contracts.
"Yes, I was accused. But that's all I want to say," Pangrac told the News List.
Vandal vandalizes cemetery in Dobruška
According to the notice received by the police, the vandalism in the dispersal meadow inside the Dobruš cemetery was to take place on Wednesday between 13:00 and 17:00.
"The material damage was estimated at CZK 60,000. Police officers are asking potential witnesses to report their findings in person at the office or by phone on the toll-free line 158," police spokesperson Lucie Konečná said.
Criminals are investigating the case as criminal mischief and disorderly conduct, punishable by up to three years in prison.
Hundreds of enslaved children have been freed from a religious school in Nigeria.
According to the BBC, there were nearly five hundred men and boys, Reuters reported, citing the police commissioner, that there were over three hundred children aged five and above. Some were chained together, others were chained to iron rings in the wall.
Kaduna Police Chief Ali Janga told the BBC that the raid on the school was based on a tip-off. He called the school a house of horrors. Starving people were held there by force, tortured and sexually abused. They couldn't leave, there was razor wire over the walls. He says it's a slavery case.
Several people were arrested during the raid, according to police spokesman Jakubu Sabo, they were teachers there.
The children told the police that their parents or relatives had taken them to the school, saying it was a religious school. "We have identified two children who come from Burkina Faso, but most of them were brought here by parents from Nigerian states in the north," spokesman Sabo said regarding the identity of the victims. Nigeria's northern states are predominantly Muslim.
The school of Imam Ahmad bin Hanbal pretended to be a religious school focused on the study of the Koran.
The freed were taken to the stadium where they are provided with help and food. Some have already met relatives.
A French chef is suing Michelin over the withdrawal of a star. I'm depressed, he says.
The renowned French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star in January this year, a year after winning it. He's going to sue the publisher of the Red Guide to get the exact reasons for the demotion. The Veyrat also doubts the competence of the Michelin inspectors, who he believes mistook saffron for cheddar. The first trial is scheduled for November.
The chef of the famous La Maison de Bois restaurant in the Alpine region of Upper Savoy lost one of his three Michelin stars in January this year. The publisher of the prestigious Le Guide Michelin will be sued because the Commissioners' conclusion was not properly substantiated. Moreover, the removal of the star took place without any warning. "I've been depressed for six months. How dare you tamper with the health of the cooks?" Veyrat told the commissioners.
Michelin allegedly gave the chef only vague reasons, such as the chef putting cheddar in the souffle, which the inspection did not like. "I put saffron in it, and the gentlemen thought it was cheddar because it was yellow. I've been lovingly working with Savoy ingredients from the beginning," Veyrat protested. He is convinced of the strong incompetence of the Michelin Commissioners: 'You are fraudsters who only cause controversy for commercial reasons.' The indignant Veyrat does not understand "how they could afford to say that we put cheddar in our souffle." "They insulted our region, too, and my employees went crazy. We have eggs from our hens, milk from our own cows, gardeners gather fresh herbs every morning," he said.
The distinguished chef, always wearing a black hat and dark glasses, is an opponent of the new generation of Michelin Commissioners and therefore asks for his restaurant to be excluded from the red guide. The publisher refuses. "If the company remains open and our inspectors select it again, we will continue to recommend it," says Gwendal Poullennec, international director of Michelin.
According to Michelin, the chef's lawsuit testifies to the fact that he has no meaningful charges yet, and the lawyer is yet to help him formulate them. "We regret that Mr. Veyrat communicates rudely with us. But we will examine his comments carefully," he said.
In addition to La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart owns two other three-star restaurants.
A technically perfect mess with a weak script. Gemini with Will Smith didn't impress the critics
The dystopian sci-fi spectacle Gemini Man boasts an interesting premise - Will Smith confronts his younger version in the film. According to critics, the story is the weakest part of the film. The film will be released in Czech cinemas on 10 October.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is top of his game. It kills efficiently and without question. But one day he decides to put his career on hold. This, of course, displeases his employers, who will send another assassin after Henry. The catch is that the killer is Henry himself, or rather his younger DNA clone. Can one determined man win a fight over himself? Literally this time.
Three-time Oscar winner Ang Lee was supposed to be a guarantee of quality. It is his first science fiction film, but he has extensive experience with dramatic action films, as he demonstrated in the aforementioned Tiger and Dragon or the western Ride with the Devil. Six writers collaborated on the script. The most famous is David Benioff, one of the creators of the highly successful Game of Thrones. But according to early reviews, even all this wasn't enough for a good movie.
"Even though Ang Lee is trying to do great things in technical filmmaking, the film itself doesn't have the character to highlight it," says Screen Daily's Fionnuala Hannigan.
"This unsatisfactory film is less than the sum of all the talents involved. The weak script and plot are held together only by the technological magic of the filmmakers," Stephen Dalton of The Hollywood Reporter summarized.
"Gemini is a case in which a tremendous amount of work has resulted in an incredibly successful action film," says Peter Deburge, Variety's reviewer.
"A confused product born of a bizarre idea," Ella Kemp of IndieWire summarized the film in her review.
"It's hard to care that one man is another's double when neither of them behaves like a human being," wrote Nicholas Barber of The Wrap.
Overview of bank accounts for children on the Czech market
Children's accounts are provided free of charge by the banks. However, the offer needs to be considered as some additional services to the accounts are already charged. "The motivation of banks to offer accounts for children whose basic management is usually free of charge is straightforward. The financial houses are counting on the waived fees to be paid back someday. With the small migration of Czechs between banks, they are probably not wrong," says Kristýna Kuncová from dTest.
"Small accounts," she says, can do almost anything that adult accounts can. The child gets his own credit card, can make payments, track account movements, has his own electronic banking at his disposal somewhere. The banks will set up the account, but it is up to parents to teach their children how to use them and to control their payments.
"Relatively flexible, a parent can set weekly or monthly limits, turn individual services on and off, and so on. Above all, however, it can monitor what is happening on the account, whether by looking over the Internet or by means of information SMS. Beware, they may no longer be free," Kuncová adds: "If a parent is considering an account for their child, they should consider the child's abilities and options."
Strict but fair, hours are fun! That's how the Benes gymnastics see their favorite teacher, the writer.
Humanism should be present in every good book, believes Pavel Hoza. The high school teacher of Czech and history is also a poet, a prosaic and a promoter of literary life in a small town.
Bohuslav Reynek comes to mind over the lyrics of Pavel Hoza. His poetry, his paintings. Bare trees, white country houses, quivering grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old roads and people who have walked them for centuries. Grieving, cursing, blessing. This contemporary Reynkův continuator teaches Czech, literature and history at the gymnasium in Benešov, operates the equivalent of the Prague Viola in the local Café na slovíčko and organizes the Benešovský literary festival every year.
Wife swap: Ondra's parents cruelly abused her! He was institutionalized.
It was nerve-racking. Allegedly troubled son Ondřej (9) was severely punished by his father every moment. "He came home from school and lied with a snack. Lukáš looked at me and said he would kneel as punishment," Lucie described in the Exchange. Papa Lukas made little Ondra kneel in the corner for several hours! Besides the cameras, he said he had to suffer like this on a wooden foot massage mat! "Ondřej came to me after the filming and said to me - Aunt, I'm only making the trouble and comments so I won't be here because I want to go to an institution," Lucie said, describing the moment when she fully understood what was going on behind the studio door. And the boy's wish finally came true...
His condition was so serious that he was taken from his family after filming and placed in the Centre for Educational Care in České Budějovice for a month. He returned briefly to his father and his surrogate mother, Aneta (28), but then went to a diagnostic facility for troubled children. "When I came home, Aneta immediately added me on Facebook, we wrote for a while. Her biggest concern was whether we got the money. I hardly reacted at all. But then she texted me that the baby was in an institution, and then they got him back, and now he's in a diagnostic. They are both out of work," says Lucie from Plzeň.
Lightning, of course, reached out to the other side, but got only a vague response. "I'm not in the mood, I'm sick, call me later," said Aneta, hanging up the phone.
Sparta does not want to lose Tetteh in Pilsen. She appealed the two-match penalty.
Sparta appealed against the two-match penalty imposed on striker Benjamin Tetteh, who was suspended by the Disciplinary Board for his dismissal in Sunday’s derby with Slavia (0:3).
Letenský klub has posted about it on its twitter and is now waiting for the verdict of the Appeals Board.
Tetteh had already served half of his time in Wednesday's home game in Jihlava. Sparta are now aiming for the 22-year-old Ghanaian striker to play in Sunday’s 11-round first leg in Pilsen.
The situation of last October could be repeated. At that time, Olomouc appealed against the punishment for Šimon Falta, who was suspended for one match against Liberec by the Disciplinary Board on Thursday.
The Board of Appeal did not have time to consider the case, so it postponed the effectiveness of the sentence and Falta was able to start on Saturday, ironically against Sparta.
The Commission finally confirmed the one-match penalty for the Olomouc midfielder in the following week and Falta missed the following match with Zlín.
Tetteh was suspended for a foul on Glory player David Hovorka, for which he received a straight red card from referee Miroslav Zelinka in the 82nd minute.
The alleged spitting of the Ghanaian player on the captain of the opponent Tomáš Souček has not been proven.
The Germans have chosen Keller to head the Football Association.
The new chairman of the German Football Association was, as expected, the former head of the Bundesliga Freiburg, Fritz Keller. The 62-year-old winemaker, gastronome and hotelier was elected unanimously for three years without an opponent.
Keller replaced Reinhard Grindel, who resigned in April due to an undeclared income affair. His other predecessors, Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach, will go on trial for possible bribery in awarding the 2006 World Cup.
Keller said that one of the main goals would be to restore trust in the union and bring it out of the crisis. "It won't be the One Man Show, many people will be held accountable. The League is better than its reputation," said Keller, who presented all of his tasks under the motto: Together we can do it.
After being elected to the head of the union, Keller left his post in Freiburg.
There was a fire in the underground ČSA mine in Karviná, no one was injured.
There was a fire in the underground CSA Mine in Karviná this morning. The cause of the fire is not yet known. However, no one was injured in the accident, Ivo Čelechovský, a spokesperson for the mining company, told the Czech News Agency.
The fire broke out at 04:25 in a torrent at a depth of about 1200 meters. "None of the employees were hurt, none were injured. On the spot immediately intervened the bank rescuers, who killed the fire by direct intervention and carried out an examination of the terrain. The workplace was immediately closed and made inaccessible," the spokesman said. The exact cause of the fire will now be determined by a special committee.
In the former Ostrava-Karviná district, coal is mined only in the Karviná part, namely in the ČSA, Lazy, Darkov, ČSM-Sever and ČSM-Jih mines. Mining should end in Dole Lazy this year, and the rest of the mines will be gradually phased out. The mining company OKD is the only producer of hard coal in the Czech Republic, with last year's production amounting to 4.62 million tonnes. There are 9,000 people working in the mines.
Berlin responds to public pressure and addresses the housing crisis. Buy 6000 flats from a private company
Berlin will buy 6,000 former social housing units sold by the city 15 years ago from the private Luxembourg firm ADO Properties SA for €920 million ($23.8 billion). It responds to pressure from the public, which is rebelling against skyrocketing rental prices. According to Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher of the Left (Die Linke) party, this is the largest such buyout in the history of the German capital. The opposition criticises the move.
"The intention is to maintain stable rents in Berlin and to give tenants security," said Berlin Mayor Michael Müller (SPD) in a statement. "At the same time, we will continue to build new apartments and legally treat the freezing of rents," he added. The Gewobag Municipal Company will take over thousands of apartments located in Spandau and Reinickendorf in the western part of the city this December.
According to Jefferies analyst Thomas Rothäusler, the city bought too much. Rothäusler told Bloomberg that he estimated that the units overpaid by about ten percent above their book value.
According to the German opposition party, the Liberals (FDP), the Berlin authorities are contributing to real estate speculation through their actions. The FDP tweeted on Friday. The Alternative for Germany (AfD) protest party described the move as a "waste of money".
By mid-July, Gewobag had recovered 670 flats in Berlin's Karl-Marx-Allee, Der Spiegel recalled on its website. The price was not disclosed by the council. The dispute over apartments on the former exhibition avenue from the time of the GDR was accompanied by protests and filled the front pages of the German press. It became a symbol of the plight of tenants in large German cities, the paper wrote.
The German metropolis used to be famous for its low cost of living and low rents. In recent years, however, it has become more attractive. According to AFP, rental prices have doubled over the past decade, making it difficult for some residents to find affordable housing.
Nokia is suing the Brno company for the name Lokia. People will not mistake us, Moravians believe
Nokia objected to the Lokia trade mark application to the Industrial Property Office. However, according to CCV, product confusion is unlikely.
The Brno-based CCV software developer is facing legal action from the Finnish telecommunications equipment manufacturer Nokia. The Finns do not like the fact that the Brno warehouse management company's program is called Lokia WMS, wrote daily E15. Nokia therefore filed a notice of opposition against the Lokia trade mark application with the Industrial Property Office. CCV considers that a substitution is unlikely.
Marketing director Petr Ondrášek said that the program is already used by two dozen customers and has been on the market since last September.
"The Nokia brand enjoys recognition and trust around the world. When someone tries to register a brand that we believe may lead to confusion or weakening of our brand, we take steps to protect our valuable asset," said Nokia spokesman Mark Durrant.
Brno developers claim that they did not think about the brand famous in the past for mobile phones when creating the inventory program. The CCV designation Lokia is based on the Latin name for a type of dragonfly whose rapid movement is supposed to be analogous to that of storekeepers in a warehouse.
"In the Czech market, the possibility of confusion is unlikely. We sell modern cloud software that companies equip their warehouse operations with, and we are not really heading into the area of mobile phone manufacturing. And we don't want to be compared to brandy, which may be missing the train in its field," CCV manager Tomáš Kormaňák responded in E15.
CCV applied for brand protection in August before launching the programme at the Industrial Property Office. "The protection was requested for products and services belonging to Classes 9, 35 and 42, as the software belongs to Class 9, the related business management services in the warehouse belong to Class 35 and the development of computer software belongs to Class 42 according to the international classification," said Ondrášek.
Nokia’s objection is based on the fact that the earlier Nokia trade mark is valid in all classes of goods and services and thus covers the widest possible range of goods and services and therefore of course overlaps also in Classes 9, 35 and 42. 'CCV does not dispute the opposing party's claim as to the conformity of these classes of products and services. Realistically, however, they are completely different brands focused on different target groups," Ondrášek said.
According to E15, a dispute over a brand can take months and can complicate a company's business.
Sydney to London in four hours? In 2030, Possible Reality
The Sabre combines a classic aircraft engine with a rocket engine. It is designed to propel the aircraft at twice the speed of the Concordes. "Once the Sabre engine is operational, it could allow us to reach Australia in about four hours," Turnock said. For example, a plane could cover the distance between London and New York in one hour.
The Independent notes that so-called hypersonic flights, which exceed five times the speed of sound, are complicated by engine overheating. This problem should be dealt with by Sabre (Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) using super-cold helium to prevent rising temperatures.
"The most important thing about the Sabre is that it's a hybrid rocket and aircraft engine powered by a jet of exhaust gases generated from the air," says Shaun Driscoll of Reaction Engines. "Rockets haven't evolved that much in the last 70 years, while aircraft missiles have. So when you combine the engines, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and basically create a space plane," he added.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights expected to begin around the middle of next year. Commercial flights then around 2030.
Kovosvit is selling the administration building and other halls. He expects a rainy day.
Due to the restructuring, Kovosvit ended last year with a consolidated loss of CZK 100 million, with consolidated turnover of CZK 1.3 billion. The main problems last year include the lack of staff and shifts of subcontractors. This year, demand for machine tools fell by 10 to 20 percent year-on-year. "This is also linked to the expected drop in turnover of the order of ten percent," said the CEO. In 2017, Kovosvit had sales of CZK 1.3 billion and profit after tax of CZK 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit is now offering for sale several properties, halls and land that it either does not use or only minimally. This also applies to the administration building, where out of the five floors it uses two, and not yet fully. "Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to slim down Kovosvit, streamline its operations. The sale of assets is not part of any current solution, be it for example cash-flow, but part of a long-term plan where we want to devote all resources to investment development," said the CEO.
About half of the production is exported by Kovosvit. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, Asia to a lesser extent last year. This year, Kuchař ranks among the most interesting in India, where Kovosvit won a contract for machines enabling five-axis machining worth CZK 100 million. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines worth CZK 30 million to China. "Another order in the same volume is being negotiated, which we would like to complete before the end of the year," said Kuchař. On the Russian market and elsewhere, Kovosvit faces restrictions due to sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centers to France, a company subcontracted to Airbus. In May this year it delivered another machine, one more should be delivered at the end of the year or early in 2020.
This year's main company investment was the conversion of heating from steam to hot water for CZK 20 million. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average working wage is CZK 28,500. The company is looking for casting grinders for foundry, machinists, turners and electricians.
The company has been owned by industrialist and gunsmith Jaroslav Strnad since September 2016. The company has a tradition in the production of machine tools. It was founded in 1939 by Tomáš Baťa. The company had up to 3,000 employees at the time.
Milan Jakub: The army stole the funeral for themselves! Says Andor Shandor
There is still confusion about the funeral of Brigadier General Milan Jakub. The media had speculated during the week that the Army had planned the final farewell to the Deputy Director of Military Intelligence, despite the family's wishes, as bombastic as soldiers can be. There were also discrepancies about the date of the funeral. Ministry of Defence spokesman Jan Pejšek denied this.
"It's nonsense! We have been in contact with the family from the beginning, the Friday funeral date is valid from the beginning, no one has changed it. Just like they pay military honors. We will just deal with the possible participation of the media with regard to the family," Pejšek told Blesk on Wednesday. The funeral will finally take place on Friday and will not lack all military honors, including the overflight of fighters.
But there is still a tense atmosphere surrounding the final farewell to the popular general. The funeral ceremony will not be attended by people who worked with the general in the past!
For example, the former head of military intelligence, Andor Shandor (62), who met Milan Jakub 17 years ago. Shandor remembers his former colleague as hard-working, intelligent, and a "good man."
In addition, in recent years he had met him regularly at the celebrations of the anniversary of the establishment of Military Intelligence. This is why Jakub would like to say goodbye to Milan. "Personally, I'd go to Milan Jakub's funeral," Shandor told Lightning. It can't.
"I know of other people in the organization who'd like to go, but they're out of luck because the potentates are usurping the funeral for themselves. I don't think it's right to privatize a funeral like this," the security expert said. Nor does he like the allegedly contemplated closing the ceremony to the public because of the secrecy of the military brass.
"The leadership of the army is not being kept secret, and neither are the leaders of military intelligence, because they need to be promoted at Prague Castle, we see them there. If the media's information is true and the family has really let themselves be swayed by the military, that is, of course, a family matter. Personally, I would never allow an army to overrun a family and their wishes," Shandor concluded.
Milan Jakub died on Saturday near Spindleruv Mlyn in a car accident. The head-on collision of the Milan Rapid with the Ford Mustang was allegedly caused by the driver of the sports car Vojtěch Ch. (31).
The amateur competitor in the turn should have entered the opposite direction, Milan Jakub probably had no chance to prevent the collision. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the accident and may bear the consequences for the rest of her life. Police interviewed the culprit on Thursday.
Comment by Jan Šindelář: Running the railways like a business
Sky's election, though perhaps not entirely smooth, is the culmination of a sad story about the state's inability to give the railways a clear direction. The board of directors has been incomplete for over a year, and it hasn't changed since Wednesday night because one of the members resigned. The makeshift lasts.
The selection procedure itself was a farce from the outset, if only because the requirements for candidates were significantly relaxed, especially in the field of practical experience. Compared to the selection last year, the requirements for the size of the company in which the candidate should have worked in the past have been reduced. First the members of the selection committee and then the supervisory board played only the role of pimprlat.
Nebeský submitted perhaps the weakest professional CV of the five finalists, yet without the experience of a large company he beat experienced guys from the management of logistics giants and transport companies. The participation of interesting private sector managers was perhaps the brightest aspect (and the best hope) of the whole process. By now, those concerned know that they played only the role of narrative backdrop in the political game.
He may surprise Sky, show great talent, and eventually prove to be the greatest railroad boss of all time. But, at least in the beginning, it will have the taste of a political travesty. Czech Railways does not expect an easy period, it has to cope with competition in market liberalization and lack of employees in operation. Drivers, shunters and mechanics are missing. What motivation do they have for further work and respect for management when the state behaves like an elephant in a china shop in the top management?
The second important group is creditors. We will see how the games at the head of the railways will be interpreted next spring, when the railways defend their rating. What is certain is that creditors perceive instability. Sadly, someone else comes to Moody's every year from Czech Railways to defend the rating. The Agency has been critical of the frequent changes in railway management and political influence on the company this summer.
The ANO movement, among other things, spells out the motto that the state must be run like a business. For starters, it would be enough to run a large state-owned company as a business, rather than as a state. Czech Railways is still one of the largest companies in the country and it would be good if it was led by the best. They volunteered, but the state scorned them. One can certainly argue that the post at the head of the railways has always been a political affair. Then we can dispense with the antics of the selection process.
The couple wrapped the bitch in tape and drowned her in the river. The kids found the bag.
The case took place at the end of July in the village around Valašské Klobouk. A 27-year-old woman brought home a gift dog from one to two years old that she wanted to take care of. Her partner, ten years older, didn't like the fact that she was a bitch, so he decided to get rid of her.
"He wrapped the animal in duct tape and rope, and considerably eliminated its vocalizations. He put the dog in the jute bag he had tied. Together they drove the animal to the river, where it was dumped in a sack. At the moment when the dog was thrown into the water, the dog was demonstrably alive," said Zlín police spokesperson Monika Kozumplíková.
The following day, children playing by the river found a jute bag on the bank. When they opened it, they found the body of a dead dog inside. They called out to a woman passing by and fled. The woman reported the incident to 911.
"Through the knowledge of the townspeople, the police have determined who is probably the perpetrator of this incredible act. And they were right. Both the man and the woman confessed to the crime and described how the event took place," the police spokesperson said.
Expert testimony from the veterinary field confirmed that the dog died in a clearly agonizing manner as a result of suffocation, when the animal suffered within a few minutes before death.
"The actions of the perpetrators undoubtedly indicate a clear intention to dispose of the animal in this reprehensible manner at all costs, even if they could donate or sell the dog. The criminal police commissioner from Zlín accused the couple of committing the crime of animal cruelty committed in complicity. Both of the previously unpunished accused could spend up to three years behind bars if convicted," Kozumplíková said.
Thank you for the dance! Singer Leonard Cohen's final album will be released posthumously
The album Thanks for the Dance will feature unreleased material and various musical collaborations put together by the singer's son. The album will be released on November 22.
In October 2016, the album You Want it Darker was released, on which Cohen collaborated with his son Adam. He asked him to help him finish the songs. In the intimate recording, Cohen symbolically comes to terms with his impending death. He died a month after the album was released at the age of 82.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen began working on the materials his father had left him. He invited a number of musicians to work with him - Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mas or the singer Beck.
"When we invented music for my father's words, we used his own distinctive musical techniques. So he's still with us," said Adam Cohen. "What amazes me most about him are the reactions of those who have heard him. One by one they say Leonard is still alive," he added.
The first swallow of the album is the short song The Goal. "I'm almost alive, I'm almost home," Cohen sings in his characteristic honey voice. He sang about death, knowing he would not live to see the new material released. He admitted it in an interview with The New Yorker a month before his death. "I am ready to die. I hope it won't be too unpleasant," he said.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen published a collection of his father's poetry called The Flame. It will be published in Czech under the name Plamen on 31 December by Argo.
The first Miss Christo finally got her act together: she lost a few pounds and saw right through
The first modern miss from 1989 Ivana Christová (49) had long years of problems with overweight, which caused her not only physical problems, but mainly mental ones. She's suffered because she's changed a lot since Miss Czechoslovakia. But now it looks like she's taken the complaints to heart and gone into battle with the extra pounds. Even if it's a long shot.
She used to be a first-class beauty who conquered Paris. But thirty years have passed since then, and Ivana Christová can only remember the beauty pageant. Not only because of her fame, but because of how thin she was.
Over time, she decided not to follow the strict modeling rules that required her to be as slim as possible and often not to eat. She decided to stop listening and start indulging in whatever she wanted.
But she went from hunger strikes to overeating, which immediately affected her figure. The extra kilos tried to disguise themselves with various loose clothes, which added to the bulky shapes.
Now it looks like Ivana's really into herself. She had visibly lost weight, had begun to dress tastefully and appropriately for her fuller figure.
She surprised everyone at the launch of Miloš Zapletal's book (75) by once again seeing through the features of the lovely brunette, who in 1989 entered history not only as the first winner of Miss after the revolution, but also by the controversy her victory caused.
Christová will forever be the first beauty winner, but she will also be the very first to be booed by the audience at the Palace of Culture and Sport in Ostrava when she put on her crown.
"A travesty of justice." Scientist warned of cancer from pollution, sits in Turkish jail
Sik, along with other scientists, participated in a study commissioned by the Turkish Ministry of Health between 2011 and 2015. It concluded that water, soil and food pollution in some industrial areas in the west of the country was linked to an increased incidence of cancer in the local population.
The scientists mentioned in particular the industrial zone of Dilovasi, which is about 80 kilometers from Istanbul, and which houses a number of chemical and metallurgical plants. People living around it, they say, suffer from cancer far more often than the international average.
Erdogan retaliates for coup, international criticism notwithstanding
It seemed to Sik that the government was taking no action on the matter, despite the clear conclusions of the study. He wrote several articles about the research in the opposition daily Cumhuriyet. Officials subsequently prosecuted him for disclosing classified information.
"The study clearly showed the extent to which the water sources were contaminated with toxic substances," Sik told reporters after the verdict. "The court's decision shows that the results of studies directly related to public health can be withheld. This is unacceptable," the scientist added.
"The Turkish authorities should investigate this important public health problem instead of pursuing alarmists through the courts," said Andrew Gardner of the Turkish branch of AI.
Environmental and human rights organisations have long accused the Turkish Government of failing to enforce environmental regulations in certain regions, despite the rapid development of industry.
Following the foiled 2016 coup, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s regime launched a massive wave of arrests. Nearly 80 000 people are now behind bars, including many employees of the Cumhuriyet newspaper. The authorities have also suspended or dismissed 150 000 civil servants and members of the armed forces.
The opposition and human rights organizations accuse the government of using the attempted coup to persecute its opponents. However, the authorities argue that these measures are necessary to ensure national security.
The fastest man on the planet missed his tests. I'm not taking anything.
The traditionally high-profile race for the fastest man on the planet will be a hunt for defending silver medalist Christian Coleman at the World Championships. The 23-year-old is the world leader with a time of 9.81 seconds and has lost only once this year. However, his start at the top of the season was in jeopardy due to a case of missed doping tests.
The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) closed his case in early September without charging him for formal reasons. Coleman did not pass three doping tests last year and this year, but not in 12 months. His first offense was backdated by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) to April 1, 2018, the start of the second quarter, but he did not miss the test itself until June 6. And because the third omission occurred on April 29, 2019, Coleman did not commit the offense of three missed inspections in 12 months.
Coleman argued that he had merely forgotten to update the athletes' whereabouts in the app. "I don't do drugs or anything legal. Many athletes use legal creatine or protein powder or various other supplements for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I work hard and that's what it's all about," he said before the WOC.
His only defeat in six starts in the 100 this year came at the start of the season in the Diamond League in Shanghai, where he was just six thousandths of a second ahead of compatriot Noah Lyles. He took advantage of Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League final, but will only run the 200 at the World Championships.
On paper, the second fastest competitor with 9.86 is the 22-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who has only done well in American university competitions so far.
The defending champion will be Justin Gatlin, a 37-year-old American who scored 9.87 at Stanford in June. He ran the last hundred in Zagreb, but only in 10.29 because he slightly injured his posterior thigh muscle.
South Africa's Akani Simbine, Rio's three-time Olympic medalist Andre de Grasse and European champion Zharnel Hughes are also among the favorites. The fastest Jamaican, with a time of 9.96, is the 2011 World Champion Yohan Blake.
The men's 100 will begin on Friday with a preliminary round and heats. Semifinals and finals are on Saturday. The medals will be run at 21:15 GMT.
Plane crash at Žinkov in Plzeň: Two people did not survive the accident
There were two people on board, a man (†63) and a woman (†38). "The plane at 8:30 p.m. requested permission to land at Chaloupka airport near Klatovy," police spokesperson Dana Ladmanová said. This was also the last record, at that time, according to the GPS coordinates, was located at Vojovice near Žinkov.
But it never made it to Klatovy Airport. A search was immediately launched for the missing aircraft that had sent the distress signal. "In addition to the police, a military helicopter was involved," police spokeswoman Martina Korandová said. There was no happy ending to the search.
In the woods near Petrovic near Měčín, which is about six kilometers from where the plane last reported, before nine o'clock in the morning, the crew of the helicopter noticed the wreckage. "We found a plane and two lifeless bodies," Korand confirmed.
The crashed machine remained partially wedged in the branches of the trees, and pieces fell to the ground nearby. "We will determine the cause of the accident in cooperation with expert experts and the staff of the Institute for the Professional Investigation of the Causes of Air Accidents," Korandová added.
Civilization in Borrowed Time
I recently recalled a beautiful "line" from one of the great stories of Šimka and Grossmann, set partly in a cemetery, which reads as follows: "I warned her that she cries well, but on a stranger's grave!" It occurred to me that many of the world's politicians engaged in the senseless fight against climate change are now behaving very similarly.
They act as if the planet Earth is ruled by humans. In fact, we're just a speck on her surface that she can blow out like a gust of wind, a candle flame. Probably not many of them watch the famous British and American nature documentaries about the destructive powers of our blue ball. After all, all it would take is for one of the larger active volcanoes to "fart" and our advanced civilization to poop.
And that it will happen in the immediate future is highly likely. In the opinion of leading volcanologists, many large volcanoes are "charged and armed" (for example, Katla in Iceland).
In a way, it would be ideal if the eruption, if it had to happen, happened as soon as possible. Even before trillions of dollars are wasted on measures to reduce carbon dioxide production, because any very angry volcano, along with dust and toxic volcanic gases, can release at least a hundred times more into the atmosphere than has been saved at the expense of the people of Europe.
So violently curbing CO2 production makes no sense. In addition, it has been scientifically proven that with its significantly higher proportion in the air, plants form more biological matter and are also more resistant to drought. Possible warming is much more favourable for mankind than, for example, a rapid return of the Ice Age.
Recognizing the hitherto insufficiently studied impact of solar cycles on the Earth's climate, we must come to only one sensible conclusion: Let us strive to keep the Earth as clean as possible, and let us adapt to other changes, which we cannot measure with force, at the least cost!
Repairs to the Giant Mountains Museum will be a year late
The Krkonoše National Park Administration (KRNAP) has postponed the deadline for submission of bids to the second tender for the repair of the Krkonoše Museum in Vrchlabí by three weeks. The original deadline for opening the envelopes was 20 September, said National Park spokesman Radek Drahný. The reason for the postponement of the deadline for submitting bids is the reduction of the budget from CZK 110 million to CZK 83 million.
"We are currently working with prices that are on the market. There has been a change in the budget, a price we expect to be offered. If someone makes an offer that is acceptable, the work will start as soon as possible," Drahný said.
Compared to the original plans, the restoration of the museum is about a year behind schedule. KRNAP wanted to have a selected contractor for the construction part by the end of last year and start construction work this spring. According to the management of the National Park Service, European subsidies of CZK 123 million for the project are not at risk.
KRNAP is failing to select a construction company for the museum repairs. The second contest was launched this summer because in the previous tender all offers of companies significantly exceeded the then expected price of 65 million. Bids exceeded CZK 100 million.
The museum, located in the former Augustinian monastery and owned by the KRNAP Administration, has been closed since autumn 2017. The selected company should provide the construction part of the project. The total cost, including the construction of the new exposition, is estimated at CZK 210 million. The KRNAP visitor centre should be established in the now vacated building by the end of 2021 after the transformation of the expositions.
The repaired museum with a new interactive exhibition, which should be a story of nature and people settled in the mountains and follow up on the successful exhibition Stone and Life, should serve as a representative gateway for visitors to the Giant Mountains. The visitor centre should provide the most comprehensible form of information about the past and present of the Giant Mountains and motivate people to discover the mountains and their protection. It should also assume the role of a traditional museum. The centre will also offer opportunities for concerts, festivals, theatre performances or open-air lectures. The plans include the construction of a new entrance to the building, the creation of a research room or a café.
Toyota still believes in hydrogen, preparing second-generation Mirai
The Toyota Mirai was never meant to be a concept. Toyota was so serious about it that even though there was virtually no hydrogen-pumping infrastructure in the world, it still put it on the menu. Not quite standard, the customer really had to go after this car, but no one else offered such a variant at that time.
Toyota boss Takeshi Uchiyamada confirmed at an international hydrogen conference that a new generation will arrive next year. Toyota still believes that these cars have a future and within ten years they will match the price of hybrids. Of course, this is linked to the development of pumping networks. But the future is as much about hydrogen as it is about electricity.
At the conference, the word hydrogen was often used with the needs of ecological operation not of passenger cars, but on the contrary of large tractors, boats, trains, etc. Just those vehicles that need to cover long distances in one go. Purely battery-powered versions cannot offer that. Toyota could thus find new outlets thanks to its great experience and long development.
It remains to be remembered that, like Toyota, Hyundai believes in hydrogen propulsion, which now also offers the hydrogen crossover Nexo.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right shade of lipstick: Not just one red
When choosing a red lipstick, you should first determine whether you are a warm or cold type. Try a simple test - look at the veins in your wrist. If they're blue, you're the cold type, if they're green, then you're the warm type. When choosing a new red lipstick, first of all, just put it on the undertone-based classification. In the next one, look at the texture.
If you are a woman with a cold undertone, then purple, plum, cherry or mauve lipsticks are suitable for you.
If you fall into the category of warm skin undertones, choose such lipsticks. You can tell them by their tendency to orange, coral, gold, or brown highlights.
You may find that some veins look green and others look blue. In that case, congratulate yourself - you don't have to look at the undertone and you can focus only on your color preferences.
Purpose defamation? Ústecká zoo is looking for a new veterinarian, no one is interested
Not since the end of this month. The city's management attributes this to rumors that have sprung up around the former director of the zoo and veterinarian Václav Poživil for purposefully killing the exotic animals he cared for. For example, there was a female Zambu rhino, a Kalu elephant, or a Ninja orangutan.
The city council therefore announced a new contract. "For veterinary care for the zoo with an estimated value of 3.5 million crowns without VAT and for the city's Centre for Animals in Need with an estimated value of 2.8 million crowns without VAT," said Romana Macová, the city spokesperson.
Deputy Mayor Věra Nechybová (UFO) explained that this is the third time the city has announced a competition for veterinary services. "Dr. Cuddy had to explain the unsubstantiated suspicions. I consider it a blatant defamation of such a fine expert," she said.
There are very few specialists in exotic animals. "It's certainly not pleasant. Meanwhile, the zoo provides veterinary care in the form of orders," she said. Orders and contracts cost the same money. "The garden must comply with the Public Procurement Act in terms of funding," explained zoo spokesperson Nikola Roštejnská.
Václav Poživil himself is one of the recognized experts. For example, he participated in a unique operation in which the cheetah Jane was the first cheetah in the world to receive a total endoprosthesis. He served as director of the zoo from 2009 to 2012. He made no comment on the anonymous rumors about himself. He didn't answer his phone calls or text messages yesterday.
As far as the contract for the zoo is concerned, some veterinarians believe that zero interest in it is not necessarily a fear of similar purposeful allegations as in his case, but simply a lack of awareness. For example, veterinarian Jiří Král has not heard of it. "That's the first I've heard of you. No one approached us. I think such a thing will spread quickly," he added.
Line D will be overseen by a new subway architect, bringing experience from the London Underground
The Prague Transport Company has selected an architect to oversee the design of the metropolitan metro. From October it will become Anna Švarc, its primary task will be the appearance of the new line D, but it will also be in charge of the existing station. According to her, the metro cannot be viewed only as a transport structure, travelling by underground should also bring an aesthetic experience.
A Czech architect who participated in the reconstruction of three London Underground stations, for example, won a tender launched by the Prague Transport Company (DPP).
In addition to her, 14 other candidates participated in the tender. "The selection process included a letter of motivation and a curriculum vitae. It seems that my previous practice in London, where I worked with a team of three people to create an aesthetic manual for the subway system there, decided it," the new subway architect says. Similarly, according to her, her practice at the Institute of Planning and Development of the Capital City of Prague could decide.
He does not see the Metro as just a functional transport structure. Stations should also have aesthetic value.
"I have ideas about how the metro will change, how the space will be improved. However, I will not know how it will actually take place until the transport company introduces me to its ideas in the coming weeks," Švarc says.
"This is not a series of dogmas, but rather recommendations, the main aim of which is to maintain the context of all stations in case they are reconstructed," says the design manual.
Whether a similar tool is a way to improve public space in the Prague metro is a question. The Prague metro is specific. "Whether the manual is ideal or whether a person can cover it, I really don't know yet," Švarc concludes.
Former French President Chirac to be buried on Monday, public commemoration on Sunday
The funeral of former French President Jacques Chirac, who died on Thursday at the age of 86, will take place on Monday evening at the Montparnasse cemetery in Paris. French media are reporting this, citing Chirac's family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to bid farewell to the former head of state on Sunday afternoon at a memorial service at the Invalides in Paris, where the coffin containing Chirac's remains will be displayed, the Elysee Palace announced.
A crowd has been pouring into the presidential residence since Thursday evening, according to AFP, to sign a book of condolences. That will be possible until Sunday. On Monday, President Emmanuel Macron declared a state of mourning.
Meanwhile, the world and France are responding further to the death of the former mayor of Paris and the president from 1995 to 2007, whom Prime Minister Édouard Philippe today described as "French in the true sense of the word."
Chirac was remembered by the Japanese, for example, because the politician was known for his love of their country and the sport of sumo. The news of the former French president's death has made the front pages of every Japanese newspaper, including the sports newspapers, the French press notes.
The Quai Branly Tribal Art Museum in Paris, which Chirac founded, will not charge admission for ten days in honor of the former head of state.
The opening of Pumpkin World delayed the ripening of pumpkins
Nová Ves u Leštiny (Havlíčkobrodsko) - A farm in Nové Ves near Leštiny in Havlíčkobrodsk opened today for more than a month Pumpkin World. Decorations consisting of thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins are dominated by huge orange pyramids in the garden. The autumn event, which is becoming a tradition, starts a week later this year, because the pumpkins have matured longer in the surrounding seven hectares of fields of the Pipka family. Even now there are many of them in the field, Jaroslava Pipková told the Czech News Agency today.
Pipka grows many kinds of pumpkins, but for the last two years the weather was bad for them. This year's harvest was delayed and some species failed. "As usual, we have plenty of orange pumpkins for Halloween, but some types of pumpkins for fancy people didn't work out," Pipková said. Nevertheless, the farm can choose from several types, from the already mentioned large pumpkins suitable for carving and digging decorations, to hokaido or elongated "spaghetti" pumpkins to ornamental pumpkins of various colors and shapes.
Pumpkin growing is laborious. Farmers dig the plants by hand and harvest the fruit, cutting the pumpkin stem with scissors. Pumpkin World has been open regularly since 2010, and past years have attracted thousands of people. Pumpkin decorations are complemented by attractions made of straw or a maze of logs. Visitors will also see animals kept on the farm. It will be open daily until 3 November.
Details of the event are available on the farm website, where growers offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, including pumpkin muffins or juice. Visitors themselves tell them about other possibilities of pumpkin preparation in the kitchen. "A lot of cooks have tried their recipes and we will be inspired," Pipková said. She pointed out that some of the housewives also pickled the pumpkins like cucumbers.
The Ministry plans a lump sum from 2021. Nothing changes tax-wise.
The MoF is preparing an amendment to the Income Tax Act, according to which the employee would receive money for meals directly. According to the Ministry of Finance, a quarter of employees, i.e. about one million people who do not receive meal vouchers, will also be able to support meals.
However, according to the Chairman of the Voucher System Operators Association, David Rýc, many small companies that do not have canteens or meal vouchers provide meals to their employees, for example by importing food or by agreeing with restaurants.
"The point of the plan is that we don't change anything about the tax advantage. It will no longer pay for health and social insurance," Schillerová said on Friday. It added that the ceiling for the maximum employer’s contribution applicable as a tax credit would also be maintained.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the meal ticket price. The remainder is paid by the employee, and in some cases by the employer, but without the tax credit. The most advantageous value of the meal ticket for employees and employers this year is CZK 123.
Přindiš, Prskavec and Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the World Championships
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec as well as canoeist Tereza Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the World Canoe Slalom Championships in Seu d'Urgell. Přindiš was fourth in Friday's qualifying, Prskavec fifth and Fišerová eighth. Three more Czech representatives will be in Spain seeking a semi-final start in the afternoon qualifying session.
Vavřinec Hradilek failed from a strong representative group of kayakers, who received a 50-second penalty for mis-passing the goal at the beginning of the ride. Brinks and Flash, on the other hand, can relax and concentrate on Sunday's semi-final.
"I set myself the goal of going down to thirty on the first ride, which I did. Not that I don't care how I turned out, because Sunday starts very early in the morning, so I was hoping to be a little higher to get a better starting position," said Přindiš, praising the well-being of the Seu. "Before the Patrol Race, I felt the worst I've felt in the 14 days we've been here. But then in the race it was good and today it was better. It's nice here all the time, nice races, the audience came, so fine," he smiled.
Flash was also satisfied. "In qualification, one doesn't want to make an unnecessary mistake. I didn't quite like it in the first few overs. Then I drove the middle very well, without any problems and I knew I had the mileage, so there was a second mistake when I wanted to go straight down and I turned the river. Overall, I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, let's see how it goes," said this year's overall World Cup winner.
Both representatives praised the fact that on Sunday they will go to the start at the end of the semi-final block. 'I'm not a morning person, it's cold in the morning, and when you're here at eight o'clock you want a jacket and a sweatshirt,' said Pin. "Overall, the semifinals take an hour and a half, which is a pretty good difference from a sleep standpoint," Flash agreed.
Of the three Czech singles canoeists only Fišerová succeeded, Eva Říhová finished two places behind the advancing 20, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35. "I went down the upper part according to my expectations, in the middle part I felt like I wasn't making it and I wasn't going according to plan, but I managed to get into the comfortable track that I wanted to ride. I made two shots, and I'm just behind the winner in net time. I have a good starting position for the semifinals," Fišerová said.
Coal will give way to gas and the core. Renewables will not meet increased demand, says ExxonMobil boss in Europe
Renewables will not be enough to satisfy the Czech Republic's future energy demand. Due to the unfavourable climate, wind and solar power plants need to be complemented by other alternatives, such as those using natural gas.
Philippe Ducom, president of the European branch of ExxonMobil, one of the largest global oil producers, says so in an interview with HN. At the same time, he mentions that large repositories to store the unused energy from days when the sun and wind are plentiful are still too expensive.
In Prague, Ducom visited the ExxonMobil Center, which employs 1,200 people and whose task is to support the company's business activities and provide logistics and other services needed for the company's operations.
Declaration of the end of the right in the House or What "right-wing" coalition of ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
There have been recent reports in the media and commentaries about the upcoming coalition of the parties. Many applaud that the "right" is finally coming together, but I am asking why these parties still call themselves right-wing.
Apart from the new Trikolora movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a real right-wing party. And it makes absolutely no difference how the subjects label themselves or what the mainstream media parrot. The ODS is hardly centrist in its average of the party's top politicians, TOP 09 is clearly the party of the urban pseudo-liberal left (which is ashamed of its leftism and thus hypocritically describes itself as conservative or even right-wing). STAN is a party which, in its conception, ideology and voter orientation, essentially merges with TOP 09 (the reason for its existence is simply not clear to me). And who even labels themselves as centrist in the long run - but their political compass is much more to the left than they say.
Do you feel like I took everyone out of the same water? No, it is based on the real political actions of these parties. If I consider myself to be a classically liberal right-wing voter, the highest value for me is individual freedom, free market and minimal state interference in the lives of individuals and the economy. How do these parties meet this general presumption of rightism? How many salami-based laws cutting people's freedoms, raising taxes, affirming new regulations and increasing surveillance, increasing the link to the socialist EU, or promoting environmental and gender madness have they supported in recent years? Very, very much. Not their own labels, but their actions identify them. These parties, despite all sorts of declarations or partial concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And that has nothing to do with right-wing.
Coalition cooperation TOP 09, STAN and KDU I would not be surprised at all, they simply belong together on the political map, and apart from the Christian or, conversely, homosexualist and gender aspects, I do not see an obvious difference for voters in terms of the influence of the state on their lives. However, the ODS has long portrayed itself as "the only right-wing" and, by associating itself with these three entities, it is now openly revealing its true political affiliation.
By the way, when I briefly mentioned the stickers. Have you noticed how often all these parties refer to critics of dirigisme and socialism coming from the European Union as pro-Russian agents? Can they or do they not want to understand that there are many people who do not like Eurosocialism and growing disenfranchisement as strongly as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Aren't they hiding their utter incompetence in argument and their unreasonable or blind adoration of the Euro-Union situation?
In short, it is possible that in the Czech Republic other than centrist politics no longer have a chance of greater success. Maybe that's the kind of connection voters really want. Perhaps they want left-of-center politics under the cover of the "right" because they are ashamed of their political beliefs (or even unable to identify them). I dunno. But I am not one of those voters.
The Unexplained Death of a Little Girl (†8) in Příbramsk: The culprit is not punished
Unexplained cases are called "monuments" in criminal slang. But they, too, are investigated if new information emerges years later. Especially when it comes to the death of a child. Criminalist Jiří Markovič was able to investigate the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokop Valley in 1980, 12 years old at the time. "The 1955 case? That will be difficult, very difficult. It would take a file to start with, it may no longer exist, to talk to those who investigated it. There is always hope, but it would be really hard," Markovič says.
Under the previous regime, there was little public awareness of violent crimes, but according to Markovič, this certainly does not mean that they were investigated laxly. "It's always depended on specific people," the criminologist thinks. The problem may be that materials from the 1950s may be destroyed, although open cases should not be shredded.
Lucy White's father was no fan of hers. You won't believe what she did for a living!
Who does not know that the national treasure Lucie Bílá (53) is the original profession of seamstress and own name Hana Zaňáková, probably does not live in the Czech Republic. But the singer herself has now revealed that she almost worked in a glass factory!
Lucie Bílá knew from a relatively early age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love of singing was born when she was a little girl performing at the cultural house in her native Otvovice, where the foam still lives.
"And I can remember exactly where my mother sat. I was born a singer," she admitted to Impulse Radio.
Her father, however, was a little worried about his daughter's future, and advised her to pursue a craft that had a golden bottom.
"Dad always said, 'Craft, girl, craft. Keep your feet on the ground!' He even talked me into going to the local glassworks. The glassworks don't work anymore, I kind of do. I'm a trained seamstress and I make beads and pendants at home, which I then auction at auctions and use money to buy wheelchairs," she added with a laugh.
The launch of the new toll is not in danger, reports Kremlík. However, a change of operator is in play.
On Friday, the Ministry of Transport launched preparations for a new tender for the operation of the new toll system. This is a back-up plan that the State would use if the current toll contract were to be definitively cancelled. In addition, the state is preparing another provisional solution if the tender is not completed in time. Transport Minister Vladimír Kremlík (for ANO) said on Facebook.
On Thursday, the Office for the Protection of Competition (ÚOHS) banned the performance of the toll contract between the state and the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium, with a one-year delay. The Ministry will file an appeal.
The launch of the new toll collection system is not at risk. Starting today, we are launching the preparation of a new transparent tender procedure, the subject of which will be the services of the operation of the new toll system, which is now being completed by the CzechToll and SkyToll consortium," said the Minister.
The state would thus be looking for the operator of the currently prepared toll, which will be launched from this December. It would not therefore be a competition for a completely new toll system, as was the case with the last tender, nor would it be a use of the old system now operated by Kapsch.
However, according to Kremlík, the Ministry is also preparing for the fact that it would not be able to prepare the new tender in time. "Based on the experience with the toll tender process so far, I am deeply convinced that the ÚOHS is wrong and that it is objectively impossible to prepare and implement such a complex tender procedure and to hand over the operation of the toll system to a new operator within the 12-month period it has set," he said.
In addition to the new tender procedure, the Ministry will prepare a provisional solution that would solve the toll collection for a transitional period until the state finds a fully-fledged solution.
The state will probably not take advantage of the offer made to it by the current administrator of the Kapsch toll in recent days. The Austrian firm offered to operate the existing system in case the toll contract was cancelled.
At the same time, the Kremlin reiterated its belief that a backup plan would not be needed. The Ministry will therefore lodge an appeal against the decision of the Antitrust Authority.
On Thursday, the ÚOHS issued a decision prohibiting the performance of the toll contract. However, the prohibition will not take effect until a year after the Authority's decision becomes final. It is not final and may be appealed to the President of the Office. The Ministry and CzechToll are therefore continuing to prepare a new toll, which should be launched in December.
Last year, the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium won the tender for the new toll system and its operator. It was successful in the toll tender with an offer of CZK 10.75 billion for 10 years of operation. The current operator Kapsch protested against the tender and the validity of the toll contract, which failed in the tender with an offer of more than CZK 13 billion.
I still see myself as a boy who's just settling in, says Jan Cina
"That was a big school for everyone who worked on it. I fell in love with afro dancing there. The fact that I have something Romani in me after my father made me completely fascinated," said Jan Cina, who considers himself mainly a musical actor.
More recent memories than Step One are of the role of a painter in the new film National Class. Cina revealed that director Štěpán Altrichter must have attracted him a lot. "The work was difficult, but the result is worth it. The film was made a year ago. Hard and honest, but fun at the same time. It was filmed on National Street, where I drove a car as a non-driver. A lot of filming was also done in the South Town in Prague," he said about the Czech-German co-production film.
Although he's nominated for a Thalia Award for his role in The Little Prince, he doesn't see it as the pinnacle of his career. "I don't feel that way. I still see myself as a guy who's just getting his bearings. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I can see the peak far ahead of me," he said, not even thinking about the acceptance speech in case of victory. "Not really, but as a kid, listening to talk shows on the radio, I always imagined talking to people."
Jan Cina has been living with his colleague Petr Vančura for thirteen years. What's his formula for a happy relationship? "To like each other and to perceive problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," he revealed, reminiscing about the awarding of the Czech Lions, when his friend fell on the stairs.
"Yes, it did happen. He had new slippery shoes, and the red carpet was slippery, too. So it wasn't long before he was on the ground. He made it a virtue. He had a Vančur Stairs workshop where he taught how to safely fall down stairs at VIP events."
Děčín zoo rejoices in the little macaque
"There are currently seven members of our band. Her youngest member came into the world on August 17, given birth to a female named Buffy and her fifth cub, the father being a male named Hitam. For the first days after giving birth, the female carried the calf tightly to her body, unwilling for a long time to show the world whether she had given birth to a male or a female. At about three weeks of age, however, she has already started to put it away for a little while and the keepers have known for a few days that it is a male," said zoo spokesperson Alena Houšková, adding that the zoo in Děčín has successfully bred 12 cubs of this species.
Crested macaques are endemic to Sulawesi Island, meaning that they do not live in the wild elsewhere in the world. A typical feature is the black fur and the crest on the head, according to which they are named. Crested macaques live in rainforests, especially at lower altitudes.
Like most primates, it feeds on both plant and animal food. The diet is dominated by the fruits of forest trees, which are supplemented by flowers and leaves. It addresses the need for protein by eating small arthropods, larvae and, to a lesser extent, bird eggs and chicks.
"Aside from the natural enemies that are pythons, everything else is written down by man. The locals hunt macaques as popular prey with tasty meat and for fur. The burning and felling of the rainforest is also fatal for these animals," the spokesperson said.
Germany reports the first case of West Nile infection from a mosquito on its territory. It has to do with climate change.
In addition to West Nile, mosquitoes can also transmit malaria.
On Friday, Germany reported the first case of a human being infected with West Nile fever on German territory after being stung by an infected mosquito. DPA has been informed. So far, all the sick people have contracted the virus while traveling or through contact with sick animals. According to experts, the breakthrough case of the disease is linked to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute reported that a 70-year-old man from Saxony had contracted the virus. His illness was severe and he was treated for brain inflammation in a hospital in Leipzig. He's healthy now.
The West Nile virus was first detected in Uganda in 1937. In the meantime, it spread to large parts of Africa, Asia and Europe, and in the 1990s to the United States. Its carriers are mainly birds and also mosquitoes, which become infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state-owned companies are to undergo a new selection procedure. Circumvention of the law will be possible, opposition says
"This is a typical bill that is unnecessary," said the chairman of the ODS MP Zbyněk Stanjura.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the Chamber of Deputies approved changes to prevent the opaque distribution of functions - critics speak of tobacconists - in state-owned companies in the future. Candidates should now undergo a selection procedure at the Ministry and will be assessed by the Government's Committee for Personnel Nominations.
However, this is a compromise solution that the ODS, for example, does not like because it will allegedly allow ministers to make excuses that selection committees are to blame for the possible poor selection of state managers. Moreover, the opinion of that committee will not be binding on the Minister. The news still needs to be approved by the Senate and signed by President Miloš Zeman.
Přerov: The driver crashed near the village of Kokory: He died wedged in his Fabia
The tragic traffic accident occurred on Friday on a straight stretch between Přerov and the village of Kokory. The 28-year-old driver of the Fabia lost control and went off the road. The car rolled onto the roof and he was wedged under it. He did not survive the injuries.
"According to the initial information found at the scene, a passenger vehicle traveling in the direction of Kokory left the road, where it overturned on the roof and the driver remained wedged under the vehicle," Přerov police spokesperson Miluše Zajícová told news server novinky.cz.
And where are the spectators? Doha Can't Be London
At the same time, however, it is a step backwards, as athletics voluntarily and consciously renounced the thrilling atmosphere that prevailed at the sold-out stadium in London in 2017 and at the European Championships in Berlin last year.
Giant banners on the walls of the Doha skyscrapers invite you to "the biggest sporting event of 2019". However, concerns about how dignified its scenery will be are growing.
"Tickets for the destination are sold out for all evenings," organizers say.
But that's too little.
The upper gallery of the Khalifa Stadium, with a total capacity of 40,000 spectators, is already covered with brightly coloured sails depicting the flags of the 209 participating countries. Athletics in Qatar went to an area where, despite the annual Diamond League meeting, it has no roots.
No wonder, then, that last week only 50,000 tickets were sold for the ten days of the Championship, even though their price started at 60 Qatari riyals, or less than 400 crowns.
The organizers have now set themselves the goal of filling the uncovered sections of the stands by at least half. That is why, according to sources in the British newspaper Giuardian, they are reportedly (though the organizers themselves deny it) giving free tickets to migrants working as laborers, as well as to children. Sebastian Coe, head of the IAAF Athletics Association, can also comment positively: "This is how we can inspire future generations."
Wealthy Qatar has won world championships in handball and cycling in the past, and after athletics, it will be football in 2022. The financial offers of an oil power will always be lucrative, even for rich sports federations. This is the reality of today's sporting world.
But even if we accept it and ignore the absence of fans in the stadium, we cannot help but feel a purely sporting sigh that the IAAF leaders should have timed the experiment with the first outdoor World Athletics Championships in the Arabian Peninsula better - and for a different year. The extremely late deadline imposed by the climate disrupts the entire schematic of the pre-Olympic season and thus the preparation for the crucial Olympic season, which would normally start for athletes in October.
Perhaps Qatar will at least make up for this with the technological innovations with which it promises an ultra-modern and attractive championship. That it's 37 degrees right now? Already the area of the stadium is artificially air-conditioned to twenty-four. And the advanced cameras, built right into the blocks, are supposed to give television viewers a detailed picture of what happens to athletes in hundredths of a second before and just after the starter's shot.
Sparta is really busy this year, acknowledges Hradec bek Nedomlel
In his case, increased motivation is more than understandable. Hradecký hockey defender Richard Nedomlel will play in Friday’s game against the club where he recently played. The former Spartan, however, is convinced that his teammates will be similarly affected, even though they have never worn the jersey of the Prague club.
"Everybody wants to pull out against Sparta," says Hradec bek before the match of the fifth extra-league round.
In it, Hradec Králové will try to stretch his winning streak, which at the moment counts three three-point wins in a row. After Kladno, Pilsen came on Sunday the most appreciated by fans, Mountfield went to neighboring Pardubice.
"But we can't watch the games that were. We need to focus on the matches that await us now and play in them the same way, if not better," points out the Hradec defender.
Hradec should not look back on last year's balance with Sparta. They lost three of their four matches, taking points only once after winning in Prague in overtime. In addition, the management of Sparta has brought several significant reinforcements in the summer and expects the team to return to the top.
"Sparta has always had quality players, but from what we can tell, they are really busy this year," admits Nedomlel before the first game at the end of this week.
And the other one? Also a nice shift, waiting for Mountfield on Sunday afternoon in the Thirties.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has hidden bitcoins and doesn't know what to do with them
The Central Bank of Venezuela is conducting internal tests to determine whether it can hold cryptocurrencies. It responds to an order from the state-owned Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which seeks to send bitcoins and ethers to the central bank and then pay the oil firm's suppliers in cryptocurrencies. Employees are also studying a proposal to allow the central bank to count cryptocurrencies in foreign-exchange reserves, which are now near their 30-year low. This was reported by Bloomberg, citing information from four sources.
The sanctions imposed by the United States against President Nicolás Maduro’s authoritarian regime have largely cut off Venezuela from the global financial system. This exacerbated the economic crisis in the country. The current crisis is one of the most serious in global terms, forcing officials to use a patchwork of different ways to move money. While Maduro’s attempt to launch a world-first state cryptocurrency has failed, ongoing efforts to use digital currencies show how desperately the government is trying to find ways to circumvent restrictions.
Neither the Central Bank of Venezuela nor PDVSA responded to a request for comment.
It is not clear how PDVSA acquired its own bitcoins and ethers, nor how much value it owns. The company is struggling to obtain payments from customers through conventional channels because the big banks are unwilling to do business with entities subject to sanctions. Last month, the company received most of the payment of $700 million ($16.6 billion) in Chinese yuan because the parties were unable to find financial institutions that would allow the transaction.
PDVSA may not want to sell cryptocurrencies on the open market, because that would require it to register on the stock exchange and submit to due diligence. Instead, it wants the central bank to use the cryptocurrency to pay the entities PDVSA owes. Oil executives believe that the central bank is less exposed to potential obstacles to cryptocurrency payments.
Bitcoins and ethers use a decentralised online ledger known as the blockchain to verify and record transactions. In some cases, relatively anonymous transfers are allowed without the need for an intermediary. Few banks are involved in digital currencies due to the problems of money laundering and client information related to them and complicating compliance.
Cryptocurrencies are making a comeback this year after the 2018 debacle, thanks to expectations of greater institutional acceptance and Facebook's plan to come up with its own cryptocurrency. Even so, they remain unstable. Bitcoin has fallen almost 20 percent in the last four days, but has made a profit of about 130 percent since the beginning of the year.
Neckermann cancels all flights, involving 500 Czech clients
Neckermann cancels flights in connection with the insolvency of the British Thomas Cook and his German daughter.
"The Czech company Thomas Cook, s. r. o., operating under the business name Neckermann Cestovní kancelář, did not file for insolvency," Šrámek said in a press release.
"However, CK Neckermann is forced to continue to cancel the scheduled departures of its clients," he added, adding that this currently applies to all departures from 26 September to 6 October.
According to Šrámek, the cancellations will affect approximately 500 clients. According to him, the 800 clients of Neckermann who are currently abroad "will be taken care of and their safe return to the Czech Republic is ensured by their scheduled flight".
The travel agency admitted that some clients were asked to pay for their stay. "In such a case, it is necessary that clients immediately contact the SOS line of CK Neckermann," added Šrámek.
The collapse of Thomas Cook took place on Monday. In August this year, the travel agency concluded an agreement under which creditors were to inject £900 million into the company.
Half of the sum was to come from the Chinese firm Fosun Tourism. As a result, it was to become the majority owner. The other half was to be provided by bondholders and creditor banks. On 20 September, however, it was reported that creditors had demanded that the travel agency obtain a reserve of £200 million, or the deal was off. On Monday, the company announced that it had gone bankrupt.
A non-confrontational homeless woman was killed under the bridge. Police are seeking witnesses.
According to the Prague police, the murder took place sometime during the early evening and into the night of Tuesday. It is to this time that the police call for possible testimony relates.
"One of the drivers who passed on the bridge connecting Libeň and Žižkov or on Pod Krejcárkem street could have filmed the killer, for example, on a dashboard camera. A witness might just have seen him and could have described him. In short, we will welcome any testimony on this case and receive it on line 158," said Jan Daněk, spokesperson for the Regional Police Directorate.
According to spokesman Danko, the murdered homeless woman was non-confrontational, did not drink alcohol and did not seek the company of other people. The woman lived at the scene. "Most often she was in the vicinity of Krejcárek, Palmovka and Holešovice, when she was carrying large blue shopping bags," Daněk added a description of the victim, which could also help potential witnesses.
Slovaks succeed, only pay a fine for racist insults
The Slovak Football Association has succeeded in appealing against the closure of the stadium for racism of fans. The national team was originally supposed to play Wales in a European Championship qualifying match without spectators, but instead the association will only pay a fine of EUR 15,000 (about CZK 387,000).
The UEFA Disciplinary Board has sanctioned Slovakia and Hungary for the behaviour of fans during the recent qualifying match in Budapest, which the visiting charges of Czech coach Pavel Hapal won 2:1. It closed the stadium to both clubs for one match and fined Slovakia €20,000 and Hungary €67,000.
On appeal, the Slovaks were only fined €15,000 for offensive political chanting. The next match of the national team in qualifying for the European Championship with Wales on 10 October in Trnava will be open to fans.
Basketballers did not reach the medal of the WOC under 17 years of age, finishing fourth
The third World Cup of Seventeen was won by the Americans, who beat Spain 77-75 in the final despite the 40 points of Spain's Angela Salvadores.
"We really wanted to win and not be potatoes, but maybe we wanted it too much. We caught the start, but we couldn't hold it because we were overrun under the basket," said Captain Karolína Malečková. "But playing in front of such an audience was an incredible experience," she praised fans in Klatovy and Plzeň.
The Czechs started very well, taking an 8-0 lead thanks to two threes and dominating the field throughout the first quarter. At that point, it seemed that the opponents would return the defeat from the group of 85:88 after overtime. But the referees gave them 15 fouls at half-time, and with questionable decisions helped Hungary return to the game with a 12-2 lead.
"I'm convinced we could have made two or three more baskets, run for 20 points, and never let go. But instead came our mistakes. I'm not interested in the referees, but in what we did wrong and there were mistakes that helped the opponent catch on," said coach Richard Fousek.
"It wasn't the first time we had a lapse in concentration. But the girls are fighters, they didn't release anything and they fought to the end. But the opponent was very good," he added.
The Czechs were kept in the game especially by Petra Holešínská with accurate shooting from a distance and pivotka Tereza Šípová. However, the top Czech scorer had a foul problem and was absent for a large part of the third quarter. The Hungarians took advantage and gained a slight lead, which they already held, although the Czechs fought until the last seconds.
"For us the first five matches were very demanding, we turned the matches in a tight rotation and it cost us a lot of effort. Even against Spain, you could see that the girls were tired and there was nowhere to take them. Physically, we weren't consistent on defense. We didn't play a quick counterattack, we lacked a jump. And the Hungarians are so good that if you don't combine everything together, it's hard to win," Fousek added.
He believes his charge has a promising future. "In two years the girls managed to win the Youth Olympics, to be second in the European Championships of 16-year-olds and now they are fourth in the world. By our standards, it is a quality team with a good character and it is necessary to continue working with it and develop the talent. Now it is up to the federation which coach will be assigned to them in the higher categories," Fousek added.
No more political newspapers? Critics say the new law won't help!
But, according to some opposition members, the law is more conducive to removing ministers from election responsibility while continuing to choose their candidates.
Greater transparency in the selection of posts in state-owned companies - this is one of the objectives of the nomination law. 119 Members voted in favour. The law passed, for example, thanks to the votes of YES, KSČM, Social Democrats and even Pirates.
Candidates for state-owned companies will have to go through a selection process before a government committee. For example, it was the Pirates who sought to make the recommendation binding on the Minister. That didn't work out.
The Civic Democrats and the SPD fear that the nomination law will play into the hands of ministers. "The minister will now be able to hide behind a decision of the commission and thus not have a clear transparent responsibility," thinks SPD Chairman Tomio Okamura. ODS Vice-President Martin Kupka speaks similarly.
The Governmental Committee should completely reject candidates who do not meet the conditions. These will include criminal integrity, debt-free status, minimum age of 25, and professional competence should be the main selection criterion.
The bill will have to go through the Senate and then be signed by the President.
Tough competition for Skoda Kamiq. Kia XCeed bets on rich gear, at what price?
The Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult model to classify. It is clearly a compact SUV, but does not offer all-wheel drive. This item is left to the larger Sportage sibling, which is thus a direct response to cars such as the Skoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X or Volkswagen Tiguan. In comparison, XCeed also relies on more dynamic body shapes, which, by sloping the rear end, can vaguely recall the SUV-coupe world, especially popular in this part of the market among the premium Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz brands.
On the other hand, the XCeed can't just be placed alongside fenced versions of classic compacts, such as the Ford Focus Active. In contrast, the Koreans have made a lot more changes to the bodywork, so anyone who doesn't want to see Ceed in the shapes of the novelty may not even see it.
Unlike the compact hatchback or Ceed estate, the XCeed is also offered exclusively with turbocharged engines, so don't expect a basic atmospheric fourteen hundred. The XCeed starts with a turbocharged litre and also offers a turbocharged 1600 with 150 kW, reserved for siblings of the GT version. Don't expect a sports degree here. Turbodiesely 1.6 CRDi is offered only in mild-hybrid, i.e. the internal combustion engine is assisted by an electrical system that helps reduce consumption and emissions. From 100 kW it is also possible to pay extra for a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic in addition to the manual.
Soon, the range will be expanded to include a plug-in hybrid, a variant that can travel roughly six dozen kilometers on electricity alone. The batteries can then be charged from a normal socket.
Simona Krainova: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucy White!
The day before the christening of the Fuck The Age calendar, Simona Krain posted her last naked pictures! "I was a little worried about people judging me for taking naked pictures at my age. I'm a very shy person. But so far I've only had positive reactions. I wanted to show women that when you want to, you can still have a solid figure at 46. There's toil and austerity, of course, but there's no other way."
"S Lukáš Dvořák and I took about three thousand pictures, selected about one hundred and there are twelve in the calendar, so the rest are still waiting for their moment. It's definitely not the last time I'm naked," the model, who came to her christening very naked, told Lightning.
She was wearing a Bernhardt jacket with shorts underneath, but they were invisible, so it looked like she'd forgotten the bottom. Everyday jogging has strengthened her legs, and she can afford such models.
Simone was so pleased with her success that she kissed everyone she met at the christening. My husband, my friends, even the Warbler Lucy the White.
The tuner brought the voice of the digital soul.
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, says the headline of a long text written for the Huffington Post by Michael Hobbes and photographed by Finlay Mackay. In a provocative explanation, it says that for decades the medical community ignored the facts about obesity and waged a fierce (and also unnecessary) war against overweight people that not only marked public opinion, but also destroyed many lives. But now is the time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes says right from the start is that from knowing and knowing the facts to putting them into practice there is often a very long and tedious journey. He mentions the case of scurvy, when some captains in the seventeenth century gave their crew lemons, limes, and oranges in the belief that they would prevent the disease. However, the British Navy withdrew from this practice due to concerns about increased costs. The clear influence of the fruit in preventing and treating the disease was then demonstrated in the mid-18th century, but it took another fifty years for the Navy to take this into account. Seat belts also existed long before the invention of the car, but they did not become mandatory until the 1960s, just as the first confirmed asbestos-related death dates back to 1906, yet its first ban came in 1973.
"Every public health discovery - no matter how significant it was - has always had to compete with traditions, prejudices, and financial incentives within the society into which it was to be implemented," Hobbes writes. In American society today, nearly 80 percent of the adult population and about one-third of children meet the definition of overweight or obesity. More Americans now live with obesity than with breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and HIV combined.
Obesity, meanwhile, is viewed as an eminently personal failure of an individual who is claimed to burden health care and reduce GDP. The fear of being fat is so great in the population that Americans now spend more money on diets than they do on computer games and movies. But the truth is, diets don't work. As early as 1959, research showed that 95% to 98% of attempts to lose weight ended in failure, and two-thirds of people on a diet subsequently gained more weight than they lost.
Armed with statistics, Hobbes goes on to describe the lifestyles and traumas of overweight people. The personal meets the systemic, where, for example, only 19 hours of the entire study are devoted to nutrition issues in the faculties when teaching future doctors. Which at a time when the 60 process of calories that Americans take in comes from ultra-processed food - that is, too processed food.
And how obesity is stigmatized is illustrated by reports from surgeries, where overweight people tend to have shorter checkups, with less empathy from doctors, who view them as more problematic patients.
But overweight is far from being an American problem, as Hobbes writes, since 1980, obesity rates have doubled in 73 countries around the world, and increased in 113. And in that time, no country has succeeded in reducing and stopping this increase. None whatsoever.
The Brno Grand Prix? Ticket price increase imminent
The most expensive item each year before the Grand Prix is the listing fee. This year it was about one hundred and fifteen million crowns. "The mass of people who come to Brno during the Grand Prix will spend money on accommodation, food or entertainment, which should more or less offset the costs associated with organizing the event, including the registration fee," said economist Petr Pelc.
According to him, the importance of the race is also in attracting tourists to the city. "Brno does not have so many world tourist attractions. The Grand Prix attracts visitors from abroad. It is as important for Brno as, for example, the Turin airport or the exhibition grounds. These are projects that are supported with public money," the economist added.
Brno Grand Prix
- costs for the past five years: CZK 686 million
- profits from the past five years: CZK 682 million
- Problem: lack of money for organizing, increasing referral fee for promoter company Dorna
- possible solutions: more money from the state, use of advertising space, increase in ticket prices
- state of play: negotiations on a new contract for the organisation of the races for the next five years
According to the director of the Institute of Public Administration Filip Hrůza, the organizers must now evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. "The Grand Prix sucks money out of public budgets for other things. But to some extent it is a political question, not an economic one," he thinks.
In the future, the cost of a motorsport event may be even higher. The option of increasing the listing fee to almost double is in play.
"The situation is not closed, we must try to negotiate the best possible terms with Dorna. It also depends on the extent to which the state is prepared to contribute to the organisation of the race. If the worst-case scenarios materialize, I am afraid it is not realistic for the city and the region to pay the price," admitted Mayor Markéta Vaňková.
As Daily Rovnost has already reported, representatives of both the South Moravian Region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising due to difficulties in obtaining money for the Grand Prix. "Dorna's condition is that advertising must be placed in places that aren't covered by cameras. The selection of companies is also limited, because if Dorna has a general sponsor, the second sponsor cannot be a company from the same area," explained Vaňková.
In the following years, organizers can also get more money from tickets. "We have to sit down and say what the cost will be. And we have to adjust the ticket revaluation accordingly," said Brno's opposition representative for the ANO movement and former Mayor Petr Vokřál.
D5 crash: Motorway closed by truck collision
The event was reported around 08:00 on the 22nd kilometer in the direction of Prague. "The highway is closed, at least for freight. Passenger cars can go through a gas station," police spokesperson Michaela Richter said this morning. Traffic was restored around 14:30. According to Richterová, the preliminary damage is at least two million crowns, the cause of the accident is being investigated by the police.
Petr Svoboda, spokesman for the Central Bohemian fire department, said that one truck carried passenger vehicles and the other a plastic granulate. "Due to the large impact, the transported vehicles were shifted and had to be secured by the fire brigade against a possible fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank that leaked about 200 liters of diesel. Another 200 liters were drained by the fire department. Workers from the environmental department of Beroun City Hall were called to the accident due to a fuel leak. The rescue of the crashed vehicles and the clearing of the highway was secured by a private company, which also extracted the contaminated soil.
Failed qualification. Czech athletes are not doing well in Doha so far
The World Championships in Doha began with qualifying setbacks for Czech athletics. Diana Mezuliáníková lost in the 800 metres and neither the pole-sitter Romana Maláčová nor the hammer-thrower Kateřina Šafránková, who defended the eighth place, with which she surprised the previous year in London, passed the qualification.
On Friday, the hurdler Vít Müller will take part in the race and Marcela Joglová will run the night marathon race.
Šafránková threw 65.46 metres with her third attempt and fell almost six metres behind her this year's best, which she would have had to improve in order to progress. Maláčová jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was already beyond her strength. To participate in the final it was necessary to overcome the limit of 460 cm.
Mezuliáníková, who only made it to the Championships at the last minute thanks to an invitation from the IAAF International Federation, finished in the fourth heat in the penultimate sixth place and her time of 2:03.48 minutes was not enough to reach the semi-finals. It was one and a half seconds behind its peak this year. "It was quite fast for me, unfortunately I was fighting with my opponent in the corner, which took my strength quite a bit. I felt like I still had the strength, but that's where it slowed me down. I almost stopped and had to start again, so this was a little uncomfortable. I cannot be completely satisfied," said the Czech representative.
She was glad to have beaten at least one rival to the finish line. "She really wasn't well, so every defeated opponent was good. But I think it was for the fifth place. Unfortunately," she said. The fastest halfback in the heats was Winnie Nanyond from Uganda in 2:00.36.
In Doha, the best 800-year-old in recent years is missing Caster Semenya from South Africa, who has too high a testosterone level in her body but, like some other runners, refuses the treatment that has been prescribed by IAAF rules since this year.
In the 100 metres heats, Christian Coleman confirmed his role as the number one favourite, with a time of 9.98, the only one to get below the ten-second mark. His compatriot Justin Gatlin, who at 37 years old is trying to defend his title, also advanced to the semi-finals. Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who is number two in this year's standings with 9.86, was expected to compete against Coleman, who has 9.81 this season.
Juan Miguel Echevarría, a Cuban, showed great form in the long jump qualification, making his first jump to the distance of 840 cm. No athlete has jumped that far in World Cup qualifying in 20 years. The 21-year-old Cuban leads this year's charts at 865 cm.
French Oscar nominee Les Misérables opens the Be2Can show
The Golden Bear and the two winners of the acting awards from this year's Berlinale, the directing award and the Cannes Jury Prize and much more will present the 6th edition of the festival film from Berlin, Venice and Cannes. Also this year, the Be2Can festival will bring a selection of the most remarkable and stimulating presented by the competitions of the three most important European film festivals.
The opening film of this year's show will be the French drama Les Misérables, for which the author of the film Ladj Ly won the Jury Prize at this year's Cannes Film Festival. The film is a French Oscar nominee. The premiere of the film in Prague will be personally presented by the representatives of the two main roles of police officers of the criminal unit, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zonga. Alexis Manenti also co-wrote the screenplay for the film.
Be2Can will take place this year in Prague's Lucerna and Edison Filmhub cinemas, as well as in Brno (Art Cinema), Ostrava (Minikino) and Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) from 2 to 8 October.
After its success at Cannes, Ladj Ly's feature debut was presented and awarded at a number of other world festivals. At the IFF Durban won the Best Film Award and Best Screenplay Award, it was also shown at the IFF in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo and will soon be shown in San Sebastián.
As part of the festival, the audience can also look forward to the films Synonyms, Young Ahmed, System Intruder, Goodbye, My Son, Sorry We Missed You, Ghost City Anthology and Golden Glove. But they can also look forward to other fresh news from this year's Venice, which will head to the Czech distribution: sci-fi Ad Astra, Joker, the Czech triumph of Painted Bird.
Which cities will disappear under the sea?
The vote in the upper chamber of Canada’s parliament confirmed a familiar rumor for days: Canada is revoking the honorary citizenship of former human rights legend, Nobel Peace Prize winner Do Aung San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who spent years under house arrest for trying to bring freedom to her country, lost her honorary degree for her part in the genocide against the minority Rohingya nation.
The decision to revoke Suu Kyi's honorary citizenship was approved by the lower legislature a week ago, and the senators have now unanimously endorsed it. "This is the right message for her, for Myanmar and for the world," said independent Senator Ratna Omidvar. "We have to make it clear that accomplices to genocide are not welcome here in Canada—even more so as honest citizens."
The verdict of the Canadian Parliament technically changes nothing for Suu Kyi, it is only an honorary degree, but on a symbolic level it is a strong message for her. The long-time human rights activist's silence on the atrocities that the army of majority-Buddhist Myanmar has been perpetrating against the Muslim Rohingya minority for months is intolerable.
The fact that an officially organized genocide is taking place in Myanmar, and that Suu Kyi - the de facto prime minister of the country's government - has completely failed in her duty to protect her citizens, was recently reported in a UN report. Specifically, it mentions the names of several army commanders who, according to the investigation team, should stand trial for crimes against humanity committed in actions that, as the report says, "shock at both the horror of their actions and the enormity of their scale." According to the United Nations, Suu Kyi and her leadership committed complicity primarily by covering up the soldiers' actions and releasing a fog of lies around them by protecting them - for example, that it was an "anti-terrorist operation."
Suu Kyi remains on the list of honorable citizens Canada's five personalities: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tändzin Gjamccho, 14th Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, 49th Imam of Shiite Muslims and Malala Yusufzai.
Developments surrounding the former icon of the fight for freedom and democracy have been reflected in the Canadian Museum of Human Rights, where Suu Kyi's profile has been updated with information about the atrocities against the Rohingya and the parliamentary decision to strip her of her honorary citizenship. "We've also dimmed the illumination of her picture on a tableau depicting the timeline of the fight for human rights, and we're thinking of replacing her face with a portrait of a member of the Rohingya minority," the Canadian media quotes museum spokesman Rorie McLeod as saying.
The only thing that will remain in Suu Kyi's current turmoil - at least for now - is the Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to her at the suggestion of Václav Havel in 1991 for her enormous contribution to the fight for democracy. "While Mrs Suu Kyi's recent actions are regrettable, her award will not be annulled," Lars Heikensten, head of the Nobel Foundation, told CBS Canada.
Microplastics have reached human intestines, study confirms for the first time
Scientists have confirmed several years of suspicion. A team led by University of Vienna professor Philippe Schwable has published a study that for the first time proves the presence of microplastics in human faeces. Although the study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia, small particles of plastic measuring between 50 and 500 micrometers were found in samples of all subjects. None of the eight subjects was vegetarian, six of them avoided sea fish, all of whom drank water from plastic bottles and plastic-wrapped food.
And it would actually be a bit of a miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplastics - which are either produced directly, for example, for the cosmetics industry, or are produced by the breakdown of larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water and soft drinks; in short, everywhere on the planet. Their entry into the human digestive system was therefore only officially confirmed. There were roughly 20 microplastic particles per ten grams of stool, and scientists estimate that more than half of the world's population will have them.
Of course, both the layman and the scientist know that this is not a good thing. But humanity still doesn't know how bad it is - and what effect microplastics have on "host" organisms. Small particles can reach the bloodstream or the lymphatic system and end up in the liver, for example. "It's the first study of its kind, and it confirms what we've been thinking for a long time. Now that we have the first evidence of the presence of microplastics in the human body, we must continue to investigate exactly what this means for human health," Schwabl says.
It is now known that microplastics in the gut can negatively affect the immune responses of the digestive system, making it easier for toxic chemicals and other pathogens to be absorbed into the body. And so far, there is no known solution other than to reduce the use of plastics, especially polypropylene. But that will be difficult - the first task facing governments and authorities will at least be to stop its steep rise. As for plastic bottles alone, experts estimate that in three years, mankind will consume one-fifth more than it does today. The current rate is a staggering million bottles bought per minute. Around eight million tonnes of plastic end up in the seas and oceans every year. Waste threatens marine ecosystems and poisons the digestive systems of marine animals.
Some countries have already adopted restrictions and other measures, such as Kenya's ban on plastic bags, on pain of draconian punishment. The European Commission is considering small bans (well-known straws), and the Czech Ministry of the Environment is heading in the same direction. Critics, however, argue that such measures, while nice, are wholly inadequate.
Harry in the footsteps of Princess Diana (†36)! Where's Meghan?
Diana was special in that she could hold people's hearts. In January 1997, she caused a stir when she visited Africa and especially the minefield. The pictures of him wearing a protective suit and a shield on his face became iconic. And even then, no one could have guessed that a few months later, the princess of human hearts would die in a tragic car accident in Paris.
Now her younger son, Harry, has scored a point, going to the same place as her after 22 years. He went to a mine-clearing site in Diric, Angola, also wearing a special protective suit, looking very thoughtful. Surely he could not help remembering his beloved mother, whom he had lost at the age of only 13.
Harry gave an on-the-spot speech where he praised the efforts of the Halo Trust, which is working to defuse minefields and other explosives in countries where war has taken place. "Minefields are the unhealed wounds of war. By cleaning them up, we can help the community to find peace, with which comes opportunities," he said, also appealing for the preservation and maintenance of wilderness and the local river as a source of water. After this visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huambo to rename the local orthopaedic centre after his famous mother, Princess Diana.
He did not forget to mention it on his official Instagram account: "The Duke is honored to visit the place and community that were so important to his mother, to acquaint himself with their tireless mission, and to speak for all those she (Diana) felt most needed to be heard, even if the problem was not universally popular," Sussex Royal's Instagram post said.
But royal fans may be disappointed that he did not take his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months) on such a quest to remember Diana. Both of them had separate agendas for Harry since Wednesday, apparently to protect them. After all, taking a baby to a minefield doesn't sound very safe, and Harry doesn't want to endanger his beloved family at any price.
Only children. We don't have reproduction, but we don't have to haunt.
Some words have ominous connotations, though they only convey the state of things. They include the word "only child." It refers to a child growing up without siblings, but it doesn't sound neutral. "You know, an only child," they say, with no need to add. Interestingly, the "only child" has always carried this trait, back in the days when words like demographic crisis were not widely used.
Nowadays, even people outside the scientific community know that a fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman is required to ensure simple reproduction of the population. It is also widely known that no state in Europe today achieves this value. At most, France or Sweden are close to it, but the simple reproduction rate of the population is not assured by the European states. (In the West, only Israel stands out, with a combined fertility rate of 3.1 children per woman.) It's a situation made for alarmism. That is why it is no wonder that the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs, Maláčová, is also falling for him: "Only children are almost as many as two-child families," she said in an interview with LN. But she had forgotten the devil in the detail.
Yes, it is good to raise the issue instead of downplaying or ideologising it. Like in Germany, where campaigning for more children easily gets the label of fascism (in the style of "so supported by Hitler"). It's good to be reminded that many couples plan only children. It is good if politicians show the will to remove the obstacles that lead to these decisions (for example, a weak expansion of work from home discourages women from continuing to become pregnant). But despite all this, let us point out one thing.
When Minister Maláčová says that "there are almost so many only children", there is a drop of demagogy. That statement was correct 20 years ago. Let us remember that fertility in the Czech Republic last ensured simple reproduction in 1980 ("Husák's children"). Then it dropped to a formidable 1.14 in 2000. But since then it has risen by almost fifty percent, to the current 1.70 children per woman, which is above the European average. This is not yet sufficient for simple reproduction, so political action is appropriate. Only with the alarmism can they take it down a notch.
Costa Rica is a Champion in the Fight Against Climate Change
Costa Rica received the title for several reasons. For starters, the plan to be carbon neutral by 2050 - but that is what a lot of countries have committed to under the Paris Agreement. The Central American nation, with a population of around five million, produces only 0.4 percent of world emissions. Costa Rica has also pledged to fully switch to renewable energy sources by 2030, with 70 percent of buses or taxis expected to run on electricity.
The official tourist organization says that already about 95 percent of the energy comes from renewable sources - in 2017 Costa Rica operated on them for a total of 300 days.
Costa Rica boasts nearly 30 national parks.
The density of afforestation also contributes to the reduction of emissions. Rainforests with diverse fauna and flora, which cover more than half of the country's territory, are also one of the main tourist attractions. "Costa Rica is a pioneer in nature conservation, setting an example for other countries in the region and around the world. Climate change requires urgent action from all of us," the UN said in a statement.
Costa Rica boasts nearly 30 national parks, which is a lot, given the small size of the country (51,100 square kilometers). Rain or fog forests, coral reefs or mangrove swamps are home to five percent of the world's biodiversity. The country also has volcanoes, picturesque waterfalls and you would also find several rescue stations for sloths.
Easy on the planet. Researchers' Night begins in Prague
"V. In Prague, I would definitely visit the Czech Technical University and look at the model of how smart cities will look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Institute of Anatomy at the Medical Faculty, which is normally not accessible to the public," advises National Coordinator of the Night of Scientists Jitřenka Navrátilová.
The Institute of Anatomy offers a tour of the autopsy room and the opportunity to try working with surgical instruments.
"Then I would go to ČZU and watch the film Green Desert," Navrátilová adds. Nine laboratories will offer guided tours. The slogan of this year's Science Night is "gently on the planet."
Attorney General reopens prosecution of mother who manipulated daughter against father
The Attorney General, Pavel Zeman, disagrees with the release of the mother, who has long manipulated her daughter and interfered with her relationship with her father. She was facing charges of battery and child endangerment. The district court acquitted her, but Zeman disagreed. Such conduct can be considered a criminal offence under his appeal to the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court ruling could have a broader impact on other cases. "A more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse can be considered necessary also from the point of view of directing further application practice," according to Zeman's appeal.
Last year, the District Court in Svitavy first found the woman guilty of torturing a trustee and endangering the child's education. She developed a strong symbiotic bond with her daughter, even when she was to be entrusted to her father.
The result was a pathological fixation on the mother and a markedly negative relationship with the father. The situation affected the emotional development of the daughter, who was even hospitalized. She was threatening self-harm in the event of transfer to the custody of her father.
The court in Svitavy sentenced the mother to two years in prison with a two-year suspended sentence. The Pardubice branch of the regional court, however, acquitted the woman on appeal, saying it was not a crime. The same verdict was repeated by the regional court after the Supreme Court had already ordered it to rule again.
The regional court found that situations in which one parent manipulates the child against the other are not exceptional. They are dealt with in guardianship proceedings, possibly with the assistance of psychologists or youth social protection authorities. Only rarely is the solution criminal law.
However, according to the Attorney General, the woman committed both abuse and endangering her upbringing. "The accused acted quite deliberately in stirring up negative feelings in her daughter towards her father, and she purposefully reinforced those negative emotions. By acting in this way, she not only pursued the illicit intention to limit or exclude the father's contact with the minor, but she must have been aware that she would be causing negative consequences in the psychosocial sphere of the minor," the appeal reads.
Zeman asked the Supreme Court to refer the case back to the regional court. The appeal states that the child is now in the custody of the father.
Step back, he told Schiller for talking about opposition scum Czernin
"I find it completely unacceptable for a member of the Czech government to use such totalitarian expression anywhere, much less on the floor of parliament," Czernin wrote in an open letter to Schiller.
Her words caused a stir during the discussion of the draft constitutional lawsuit against President Miloš Zeman. The opposition did not get enough votes, and the Senate's proposal for a constitutional lawsuit was thrown out.
"I get dozens of messages from people I don't know. There's not a single vote in support of this lawsuit. There are messages of support for the president and messages like how taxpayers' money is being spent here, how empty straw is being beaten. And I even dare, I don't use hard words, to quote one of them: It's opposition and senatorial scum," the finance minister said.
"With these terms the Nazis used to call citizens of Jewish origin and the Communists used to call their political opponents. It is a totalitarian rhetoric, with no respect for man or opinion," TOP 09 Vice-President Czernin wrote to the Minister, who will compete for the post of party chairman with the former First Vice-President Markéta Pekarová Adamová in the autumn.
"I was quoting one of the many reports that I received dozens of during the House proceedings. Their common denominator was disgust at the constant personal defamation that we see in domestic politics on a daily basis, which was also the main motive for Thursday's meeting of the House. The fact that someone refers to themselves surprises me," Schillerová told the Czech News Agency.
Stores destroyed, fires in the streets, riots followed the memorial procession.
Five years ago, 43 students of the university in Ayotzinapa disappeared, despite extensive investigations, the case has not yet been solved. The students were reportedly arrested by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not clear exactly what happened next, but according to the investigation, the students apparently ended up in the hands of the local syndicate and were subsequently killed and burned, reports APTN.
On Thursday, a memorial service was held in Mexico's capital, as families expressed frustration that answers and explanations for their children's disappearance were still not being found.
But the mostly peaceful march was disrupted by smaller bands of vandals, destroying everything in their path. Vandals destroyed shops and hotels, didn't shy away from destroying monuments, set fires around the city and blew out windows.
Even before the march, President Andres Manuel López Obrador said that he would do everything possible to capture and asked the public for any information that would lead to a clarification of the case.
Over 142 people were detained in the investigation, but none of them were convicted. Many of them had to be released because their human rights were violated, the investigators allegedly had to torture the suspects, adds APTN.
Mahulena Bochanova breaks her year-long detox and sins again!
More than a year ago, Mahulena Bochanova confided in Lightning that she had given up alcohol. "During the holidays, I thought I'd give my old battered fifty-year-old body a breather. I gave myself a deadline forever. I feel very rested, I have a lot of energy and mainly my psyche has improved. I haven't been mentally well lately. I get up better, I don't have a headache, I have more energy, more money."
A year's abstinence was enough, and the actress found her way back to alcohol. "Sometimes I have bubbles or good wine, but I don't drink what I used to. I'll have one drink and have fun till morning. I've had a bottle of wine in the fridge for a week. I also liked non-alcoholic beer, which I can drink at any time," said Mahulena, who still pairs with Petr, an entrepreneur from Brno.
Bočanová has also returned to the theatre season after the holidays and will take up a new role in the series Ordination in the Rose Garden. "I'm ashamed of the first two performances, I was really bad, I was oversaying. But it's getting better," the actress smiles critically.
Jaromír Soukup spoke about Gott: He wishes him mainly peace
Moderator and entrepreneur Jaromír Soukup (50) will not be afraid of any question. In his show Call and Write to the Boss, he publicly comments on various topics. And he's no stranger to tabloid cases, which he glosses over with sparkle and wit. Though this time he didn't feel like laughing.
Jaromír Soukup commented on the sad news, which is a very serious illness of Karel Gott. He had promised the singer a very considerate thing for himself.
"You know, Karl got sick and said it fair and square without the tabloids poking around. I don't want to comment on it, it's a serious illness, we all appreciate Karel Gott immensely. And I wish him, of course, successful treatment and, above all, peace! The calm he needs now," Barrandov, the owner of the TV, said.
"I wish the media would leave him alone. And waited for news that the Master himself would choose to give to the media. I don't much like the different expressions of what his old acquaintances and various celebrities think about his health. And on behalf of our media, I can say that we will only address his illness and his person if he shows an interest in it. I think the other media should consider a similar approach."
Young Czechs think they are good with money. Survey didn't confirm it.
"It turns out that young Czechs have somewhat more confidence in their knowledge of finance than reality. In this case, women and respondents without a high school diploma had a significantly higher share of wrong answers," said Jaroslava Palendalová, director of KRUK.
Men and young high school or college students are more likely to believe in their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs learn the most about the functioning of financial affairs from their parents (37 percent), through self-study on the Internet (23 percent) and only in the third row from teaching at school (21 percent).
Parents are mainly consulted on financial issues by women, while men are more likely to look for information on the internet. Obtaining financial information from parents is prevalent at all ages of young people, regardless of their educational attainment or personal income. Financial institution prospectuses, journals and publications have virtually minimal influence.
"Once again, the importance of raising children by their parents, who represent authority in all major areas of life, is being demonstrated. That is why the level of financial literacy is crucial for parents who transfer their knowledge and experience to their offspring," said Palendalová.
Savings and investment are preferred by 94 percent of young people.
Clearly, young people are asking themselves whether it is better to save and buy their own house or apartment, for example, or to enjoy and spend money, without savings and own housing.
94 percent of respondents follow a strategy of savings and investment in fixed tangible assets. This is true across all ages of young people, regardless of educational attainment, social status or current level of personal income.
The strategy of the inquiry is then 100% advocated by married people with two or more children and employees in the public sector. On the contrary, people living alone and with an income of more than 30,000 crowns a month want to enjoy themselves.
The hunter had been injured in a fall from his perch and had been carried to the ambulance for three hours.
The unfortunate accident occurred before 7:30 p.m. in the peak areas at the Devil's Mill.
"It was a very difficult and inaccessible terrain, so we sent five of our rescuers with the proper equipment to the injured man. At the same time, we asked for the cooperation of the Medical Rescue Service of the Moravian-Silesian Region. The paramedics then dispatched an ambulance to the accident," Libor Kluz, dispatcher of the Beskydy Mountain Service, described the circumstances of the intervention.
Rescue workers found the hunters in a targeted location with multiple injuries. He was treated immediately and then gently but with difficulty transported on a so-called Austrian cart across the impassable terrain.
"Transport over a mile was slow and difficult. The injured nimrod was therefore handed over to the ambulance crew after approximately three hours," added Libor Kluz.
Luckily, according to Radan Jaškovský, the designated chief of the Beskydy Mountain Service and also the rescue worker involved, the fellow hunter was able to describe in detail where the injured man was.
"We found it relatively quickly. However, if he had the Ambulance app on his phone, our rescuers would have been there sooner and at the same time the 155 dispatch office would have been immediately aware of the accident and its situation," Radan Jaškovský said.
He added that a charged mobile phone with the Ambulance app activated should be commonplace in the mountains today.
Zeman the Monument - The Man Stretching the Constitution Calls for Law Enforcement
Those who are in a divided society and do not want to go completely crazy will welcome situations where they do not have to support only their own. When he can give credit to those he otherwise criticizes. For one thing, he didn't feel like he was just following the labels he'd been assigned. Such situations include a list of severely damaged monuments that President Zeman fences during his favorite trips to the regions.
Everybody knows what's going on. And those who occasionally travel through the Czech Republic see many of these devastated monuments - from the centers of historic cities to individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches or farms - with their own eyes. Everyone suspects that demagogy can come into play here, too. That if we accuse the town hall of neglecting the monuments or some horror in the zoning plan, it may be the work of former administrations. Or a privatised object whose owner is not traceable. The head of state calls on local politicians: "The section of the Monuments Act allows you to fine property owners who do not take care of their property." But even if the owner is unreachable, it must be admitted that the president is calling for law enforcement. Which even the critics of his constitutional-bending should recognize as a plus.
Of course, Milos Zeman would not be Milos Zeman if he considered all the details and formalities of a complex problem. But he stands up for a good cause much like the squatters he doesn't recognize. Two years ago we wrote: "Despite all the swearing, squatters draw attention to a problem beyond the current interest. To the fact that this or that structure is in a state of disrepair." And, let's face it, the President is doing the same de facto.
If you come to the historical centre of Jáchymov, you will be amazed at how devastated it is - including the houses with Renaissance cores. At a time when Jáchymov celebrates 500 years of silver mining and coinage of dollars (for Americans dollars). Why? They say it's because of the rapid sale of houses in the '90s, officials there say. But why is it that seven kilometers away the Isle, the seat of the Schliks who minted the Jáchymov thalers, has the historical core nicely repaired? It is good for the President to point these things out.
In the memorial to the victims of terror, Babiš called for security cooperation
On September 27, 2019, Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and his wife Monika visited the Ground Zero memorial in New York City.
Terrorism is the main enemy against which all the countries of the world should fight together. At the end of a five-day visit to the United States, Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš said so today at the New York Memorial to the Terrorist Attacks of September 11, 2001. On this occasion, the Prime Minister honoured the memory of the two victims of Czech origin.
"It's a very touching place," the Prime Minister said, as he laid a white rose at the names of Lukáš Rambousko and the Czechoslovak emigrant Alena Sešínová, accompanied by his wife Monica. Both were among the more than 2,750 dead claimed by the hijacked aircraft attack on the former World Trade Center (WTC) skyscrapers. The towers of the World Trade Center collapsed on impact, and in their place is now a memorial with a list of the victims.
"It is necessary to remember what happened here, the horror," Babiš said. The attack on the US on 11 September 2001 was cited by the Prime Minister as a reason why the UN should cooperate in a united campaign against international terrorism. In addition to destroying the World Trade Center skyscrapers, the terrorists had crashed a hijacked plane into the Department of Defense building in Washington, D.C., and were planning another strike on a target in Washington, presumably the White House or Congress. This plane crashed when the passengers confronted the hijackers.
"This is our main enemy, where all the countries of the world should unite and fight in a coordinated way against international terrorism," the Czech Prime Minister added.
The Slovenes beat the Polish world champions and are in the final of the European Championships
Slovenian volleyball players will make a stunning play for the premier European championship. Supported by nearly 12,000 rioting fans in Ljubljana, they beat the reigning two-time world champions Poles 3-1 and are the first finalists.
Who they will challenge in Sunday's climax in Paris will be decided on Friday between France and Serbia.
The Slovenian team was much more compact than the Polish world champions in the semi-finals. It was only the beginning of the first set and, with luck, the end of the second set, but the home volleyball players were outmatched in defence and only the native of Cuba, León, scored from the players in the red-and-white jersey.
On the other hand, both Chebulj and Urnaut, as well as the second all-rounder Štern, who soon replaced the unimpressive Gasparini, presented themselves in life form in the home line-up. The Poles paid the price for winning all their previous matches in this Euro, while the Slovenes gained confidence after tough battles in the play-offs with both the Bulgarians and the Russians.
The Slovenes lost 1:3 to the Poles in the Olympic qualification in Gdańsk this August, but were beaten back at home. Now, however, Stožica will leave the sold-out Ljubljana arena. After today, however, they have a second medal in history, in Paris they can improve on the unexpected silver from the European Championships four years ago.
At the previous European Championships, the Slovenes finished eighth, behind the Czech Republic.
Technology companies want to rule our cities
Francis Fukuyama's history is a little off. In 1992, at the height of the wave of liberalism that followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political scientist wrote in his most famous book, The End of History and the Last Man: "What we may be witnessing... is the final point of the ideological evolution of humanity and the universal acceptance of Western liberal democracy as the ultimate form of governance."
Twenty-six years later, we are seeing rather illiberal models winning from the US to Russia, from Turkey to Poland, and from Hungary to Italy, and various forms of nationalism and radicalism thriving. Fukuyama's current ninth book, Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment, attempts to cope with the onset of these forces. As his interview with George Eaton for the New Statesman shows, he is reconsidering many of his former positions: he argues that the ideas of socialism should be brought back into the public domain, and Marx was right about many things. At the same time, he insists that his intellectual development is still in line with the position of the nineties, and critics of The End of History and the Last Man are said to have misunderstood.
"What I said at the time was that one of the problems with modern democracy is that it provides peace and prosperity, but people want more than that... Liberal democracies don't even try to define what a good life is. It leaves it up to individuals who feel alienated, who don't see the point, and so they form groups according to identity that give them a sense of belonging."
At the time, the book The End of History and the Last Man was written as a strong argument against the Marxists, who saw communism as the final stage of history. When asked how he now perceives the rise of the Socialists in Britain and the US, Fukuyama replies: "It all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we are talking about ownership of the means of production, except when clear public services are in demand, I do not think that will work. But if you are referring to redistribution programs that attempt to address the huge imbalance in income and wealth that we are witnessing, yes. I think not only could he come back, he should come back. The long period that President Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher started, in which certain types of ideas about the benefits of an unregulated market came into play, has had a disastrous effect in many ways."
Finally, Fukuyama tries to calm the current situation, warning all liberals that even the emergence of new, less-than-democratic regimes will not mean the end of history.
Soldiers rehearse, draw the curtains. China prepares celebrations at massacre site
The army has been practicing the parade on recent weekends. Shops in downtown Beijing had to close, and residents near the square were ordered to close their curtains. Military vehicles rolled across the empty streets toward the plaza, combat aircraft circling in the sky.
Several Chinese told Reuters they were proud that their country would display its military might. But one woman said it was hard to deny that the celebrations would unsettle other states.
She was apparently referring to Taiwan, which China claims and where elections are coming up. But they may also be worried in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, where thousands of people have repeatedly demonstrated against China’s appointed governor.
Celebrations are also being prepared outside Beijing. The South China port of Xiamen put on a special light show on Thursday night. Xiamen is located opposite the island of Taiwan and is one of China's ten most innovative cities.
Before the anniversary, there's a growing list of forbidden items. Already there are drones, balloons, dragons, alcohol, radios and radio-wave devices, the Guardian pointed out. He added that the popular Chinese social network Weibo deletes "harmful political information".
"This is another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Chinese Communist Party is staying (at the oar) despite all predictions," said historian Maura Cunningham, who deals with China. "This is the moment when the party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was established in 1949 when the Communists under Mao Zedong won a battle with Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalists, who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960s, China underwent a disastrous communist experiment in the form of the so-called Cultural Revolution. In June 1989, the regime massacred thousands of pro-democratic demonstrators, both students and workers, in Tiananmen Square.
Since the late 1970s, China has increasingly taken over elements of the capitalist economy. According to critics, it is now a mixture of the worst of both communism (one-party monopoly and persecution of the opposition) and (Dickensian) capitalism (exploitation of workers).
No Czechs or children allowed. Choi revealed discrimination in restaurants
These included, for example, misinformation on prices and failure to respect the principles of fairness of sales.
In one case of discrimination, a restaurant in Prague refuses to let smaller children into the business. According to ČOI, he writes on his website that the facility is not suitable for children under the age of eight. "When asked electronically by the consumer whether it is possible to order a table for four adults and one child at the age of four in the restaurant, the restaurant employee replied electronically that they do not accept the presence of children under the age of eight in the restaurant," Fröhlich said.
In the latter case, another Prague establishment refused to allow Czech-speaking people to sit at the table, while it allowed English-speaking people to do so. "Czech-speaking inspectors, in their capacity as consumers, were not allowed to sit at the table in the restaurant and place an order. English-speaking consumers were allowed to do so," a spokesperson for ČOI described the situation.
Both cases are now being dealt with in administrative proceedings. As they have not yet been finalised, the spokesperson of the inspection was unable to provide further information on the mentioned restaurants.
However, only a very small proportion of the restaurants inspected in the second quarter were discriminated against. In total, the Choi carried out 139 inspections. In addition to the two cases of discrimination, it revealed other errors in 64 cases. These were mostly shortcomings in complying with the principles of fairness of sales and failure to inform the consumer about the prices of products and services in accordance with the rules.
Already on Wednesday, the inspection reported cases of discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreigners were charged higher amounts than Czech-speaking clients. In these cases, final fines of CZK 60,000 have already been imposed.
A vacation with just a credit card? NEO account offers free ATM withdrawals worldwide!
According to surveys, about half of all Czechs who go abroad have become accustomed to paying directly by card. The main reasons include comfort, security, as well as the possibility of using travel insurance, which is often associated with a payment card.
Travellers in almost every corner of the world can appreciate the convenience of paying by card. This is particularly true in popular tourist destinations, but today credit cards are accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, perhaps for work, don't have time to go to the exchange offices repeatedly to exchange cash. And even "vacationers" don't want to rely on cash to keep up. Moreover, some foreign currencies are not even available to Czech banks or exchange offices. For the NEO account, we have solved it so that its users can withdraw cash free of charge from all ATMs, wherever they are," says Kateřina Petko, Director of Marketing and Communications and Spokesperson of Expobank CZ.
Moreover, a credit card is a much more reliable way of not losing your money than cash. When a wallet is lost, its owner may not wait to see the money he carried in it. However, if he loses only his credit card, he can easily block it immediately over the phone or via internet banking. They may not suffer any financial loss at all if they act quickly. "Keeping money in a bank account has other advantages besides its reliable protection. For example, the NEO account has an interest rate of 1.6% per year, which is among the highest among current and savings accounts. Its establishment and management takes place completely online without the need to visit a branch. In addition, the money in the bank account is insured up to EUR 100,000 and the account is completely free of charge," adds Kateřina Petko.
For anyone planning to go abroad, travel insurance should be a matter of course. Thanks to the possibility to arrange it and pay by card online, this can be done even at the last minute. However, the mere possession of a payment card often means insurance protection when travelling. "For example, with embossed MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business cards, travel insurance is an integral part of foreign travel to all countries around the world. Holders of these cards can also insure their family with whom they are travelling. They often lose any other arrangements," adds Kateřina Petko from Expobank CZ. However, it is always advisable to check the scope of the insurance, i.e. whether it covers all the activities that the travellers plan to undertake.
We're looking for motivated immigrants. The head of the children's clinic builds an international team of doctors, we bring their stories
The Albanian Ledjona Toni studied medicine in Czech and today few people know that she is a foreigner.
There are hundreds of doctors from abroad studying in the Czech Republic who could stay and work here. A pediatric clinic in Motol, Prague, tried to obtain some of them.
Tara Hussein Tayeb had to get up early to arrive at the Motol Hospital in Prague around 5:00 p.m. A short-haired Kurdish woman flew to the Czech Republic from Suleimania, a city in northeastern Iraq, where she works as a pediatrician in a hospital and still treats small patients in private practice in the afternoons. He also teaches at the university.
Spilk in pairs. In Indianapolis, after the first round, he's on the cutting edge.
After the first round of the Tech Championship in Indianapolis, the golfer Klára Spilková is on the verge of reaching the final rounds. On Thursday, she made two birdies, two bogeys and a par on the opening day of the LPGA tournament. With a score of 72, he's tied for 69th, which is the expected cut.
Spilková, 24, returned to the circuit a month ago after a two-month medical break and did not make it to the second half of the tournament in Portland. She rested because of fatigue and exhaustion from a previous illness.
The first Czech winner of a professional tournament at the European LET Series is a first-year member of the LPGA Tour and so far she is not doing very well. She made the cut three times in 12 tournaments, the best being 32nd in Hawaii. He's fighting to keep his card for another season.
The tournament in Indianapolis was played best by Korea's Hor Mizhong. After the first round, he has a score of -9 and a two-shot lead over three opponents.
Prague Stock Exchange grew moderately, Czech banks, O2 and Avast prospered
The Prague Stock Exchange closed the trading week with moderate growth. The PX rose 0.13 percent to 1038.45. It was driven up by Czech banks, the telecommunications company O2 and the technology company Avast. On the other hand, Austrian titles and the media company CME did not fare well. This is apparent from the results of trading on the stock exchange website.
For most of Friday's session, the Prague Stock Exchange traded in slightly positive territory and eventually closed with a small profit. "However, it lost just over one percent in the whole week," said Josef Dudek from Fio banka.
Domestic banks have partly corrected the declines of recent days. Komerční banka improved by 0.82 percent to CZK 803 and Moneta Money Bank by 0.41 percent to CZK 72.80. Shares in Avast rose 0.89 per cent to CZK 113 and O2 added 0.46 per cent to CZK 216.50.
Kofola's securities rose the most, by 1.38 percent to CZK 294. Philip Morris, a tobacco company, acquired less than a percent of the shares, which rose to CZK 13,640.
Securities of the energy firm ČEZ stagnated at CZK 520 on Thursday.
Three titles were loss-making - Erste Bank wrote down 0.87 percent to CZK 779.20, CME 0.73 percent to CZK 109 and VIG 0.40 percent to CZK 618.
The crown weakened slightly against both major world currencies. It lost four pennies to 25.85 CZK/EUR on the euro and three pennies to 23.62 CZK/USD on the dollar. This is apparent from the data on Patria Online.
My heart is like a bell and the lungs of a non-smoker. Just a few infusions, Zeman joked.
The head of state underwent a several-hour medical examination at the Central Military Hospital on Tuesday. According to the director of the hospital, Miroslav Zavoral, doctors found no "sickness" in the president. The president will celebrate his 75th birthday on Saturday.
The president's doctors revealed mild signs of dehydration. His problems with low pressure were caused by insufficient irrigation. "To correct the dehydration of the organism, I will take several infusions, which will get minerals into my body," said Zeman.
Otherwise, the director of the ÚVN stated that "the Czech state has a healthy president". In this context, the President mentioned that Zavoral had received several hateful messages because of his medical examination.
According to the president, the doctors examined him thoroughly and did not miss a single spot on his body. "So a brief recap: my heart is beating like a bell, my lungs are clear as if he were not a smoker, my liver is functioning as if I was a teetotaler, my kidneys are fine and I can go on and on," Zeman said.
The editors of iDNES.cz contacted the military hospital to comment on Zeman's statement about his health.
The issue of Zeman's health became an issue especially at the time of last year's presidential election or during some public appearances in which Zeman has obvious walking problems. According to Prague Castle, the president is walking badly because of diabetic polyfunctional neuropathy. He also has low blood pressure and hearing problems. He cut back on smoking for his health.
For their study, researchers are looking for toddlers with a birth defect called ankle valgosity.
Ankle valgosity is a birth defect that affects five to ten percent of children. It is normally treated with intense exercise. Scientists are trying to help these children even more, so they have developed a special shoe that should greatly speed up the treatment.
"We have two prototypes of shoes that will be worn by healthy and diagnosed children to map the effect in both groups. Participation in the research will have no risks for children and the measurement will be completely painless," explains Marta Gimunová, head of research at the Faculty of Sports Studies at MU.
Parents of both groups of children can report to the study via the web, where a registration form and all information are available.
Scientists are looking for 50 children diagnosed and 50 healthy. Of each group, half will always wear health shoes and half will not.
"The moment when parents should register their child is the moment when they take the first independent steps, typically letting go of, for example, the furniture they hold while trying to walk. Participation in the research involves three measurements within seven months of the child's first steps, each taking about 20 minutes, with half of the participants also wearing the shoes tested," Gimunová points out.
Pike in a pond or a relatively affluent open-air museum?
Babiš chose for his optimistic view statistics such as good security (the Czech Republic is the seventh in the world), low unemployment rate, low national debt. Or the fact that, according to a recent study, our country ranks 24th in quality of life out of 140 countries evaluated.
Developer Dušan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot, in a television interview on the occasion of the Architecture and Development Summit, however, gave other, far from "rosy" figures. For example, the Czech Republic is ranked 154th in the world in speed of construction proceedings. It may be that the current economic "boom" will not leave behind any significant architectural legacy as it did in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only existing legislation, but also slow, inefficient bureaucracy. This is documented in comparative studies, where the Czech Republic lags significantly behind the developed countries in the overall quality and performance of public administration.
Our country has simply not yet been able to make good use of the potential of the good economic situation of recent years to invest in the future. While it is nice that salaries and pensions are being raised, people with improving living standards will also want to have a place to live, travel modern and fast, have quality cultural stands, and live free from unbearable environmental burdens.
But in the capital city of Prague, for example, it has been years since the completion of the inner and outer circuit or the construction of a speedway or metro to the airport. And Prague does not even have a modern, architecturally bold national library, concert hall or national gallery. The reason for this is not only absurd wrangling over architectural competitions, land-use plans and building permits, but also a specific Czech conservatism that adheres to the motto "every bolder change is for the worse".
And when it seems that something more daring might succeed, it will almost certainly be thwarted by monuments or other rather obstinate associations, or by politicians. In the absurd drama surrounding Jan Kaplický's "blob" designed for the new building of the National Library, President Václav Klaus even wanted to tie himself to the excavators.
The list does not end with Prague. The Czech Republic is not able to complete its backbone motorway network, nor to start building train speedways, so Germany finally decided to lead its tracks for superfast trains from Berlin to Vienna by a "detour" through Bavaria. Moreover, repairs to existing infrastructure are sometimes drowned in the shenanigans. Getting from Prague to Brno quickly is now a puzzle.
Babiš came into politics promising to "arrange things". But not much has happened so far in terms of meaningful investment and speeding up cumbersome bureaucratic procedures. An amendment to the Act on Acceleration of Transport Infrastructure Construction is in force as of 2018, but we will have to wait for larger positive impacts, such as easier land expropriation. And the new building code, approved by the government, which is said to reduce the current average length of construction proceedings from 5.4 years to one year, will, if we are lucky, take effect from 2021. A lot of people wouldn't bet on it, though.
Uncombed wants $45 million from the state.
According to Vladimír Řepka, the Ministry of Justice has received six requests in this connection so far and is now analysing them. The teenager was in prison for two years for assaulting a woman, but the judiciary finally acquitted him.
Both the Attorney General, Pavel Zeman, and the Minister of Justice, Marie Benešová, have not filed appeals in the case.
The attempted murder of a hairdresser in Hořice happened in February 2013. The Prosecutor's Office in Hradec charged a 20-year-old high school student, Nečesaný. The prosecution claimed that he hit the woman several times on the head with a log and then took over ten thousand crowns from her. The seriously injured woman was found by her son and her life was saved by the doctors of the Hradec hospital.
Uncombed had denied any wrongdoing from the outset. "I'm innocent, and I swear it. I am sincerely sorry about what happened to the victim, but I am not the perpetrator," a young man who did not deny that he was at the hair salon on the fateful day said earlier in court. He said he wanted a haircut. He left after his wife told him she was closing. He then turned himself in as a witness.
The hairdresser did not recognize him as the aggressor during the interrogation, but later identified Uncombed as the assailant. According to forensic experts, she suffered from memory loss after the attack.
The Hradec Regional Court handed down five consecutive sentences in the case. He was convicted twice and sentenced to 16 years in prison, but the appeal court reduced his sentence to 13 years. Uncombed, he went behind bars twice in succession, each time freed by the Supreme Court. After ordering the replacement of the bench, acquittals were finally handed down repeatedly, the last one being upheld by the High Court in March this year.
However, the Chairman of the Board of Appeal, Jiří Lněnička, also stated in the grounds of his conclusions that this decision was wrong, but that he did not have a better option due to the procedural situation. He said he had dismissed the prosecutor's appeal against the acquittal, even though her appeals were well founded.
"The problem with this case is not that there is a lack of evidence, but their evaluation. We believe that a sufficient amount of evidence has been gathered in the preparatory proceedings, which in another criminal case would be more than sufficient for the admission of guilt," Lněnička said.
But the Hradec but also the Supreme Court looked at the case differently and their opinion would probably not be changed by further annulment of the acquittal.
Epilepsy complicates his love of sports, surgery gives him new hope
The first time Honzík's parents noticed that something was wrong with him was in a year and a half. He would stare into space for a few minutes at a time, immobile and unresponsive. The pediatrician therefore sent him to the pediatric neurology clinic, where after a series of examinations, doctors diagnosed him with epilepsy and immediately put him on medication, which did not work immediately.
It took almost a year for doctors to find the perfect combination of drugs to stop him from having seizures altogether. At the age of five, doctors stopped him from taking his medication, and since his seizures did not return, his parents believed that Honza was healthy and began to encourage him to play more sports. He cycled, skied, played tennis and floorball, and spent his free time playing games with his sister and friends. But at the age of eleven, he had another seizure and it all began again.
The doctors tried different drug combinations again, but this time nothing worked, the absence seizures recurring. Since he always lost consciousness during a seizure, his parents were terrified that he would get it during sports and hurt himself. Gradually, Honza stopped riding his bike and swapped downhill skis for cross-country skis and snowboards. Although sport occasionally caused him to have a seizure, he never gave it up completely. He even fulfilled his dream and ran the Spartan Race, but with a friend who kept an eye on him to help in an emergency.
When Honza was 15 years old, his parents decided to try to change doctors and turned to experts at the Motol University Hospital. After a series of examinations, doctors there concluded that Honza was a candidate for surgery to remove a focal point from his brain, the source of his epileptic seizures. "I had to have two operations in a row, first the doctors inserted probes into my brain to scan its activity, then they were able to remove the bearing. It's been a hell of a few weeks for me. I just had to lie there and hardly move, with wires sticking out of my head that were connected to a computer," recalls Honza.
The surgery was successful, and the doctors removed a relatively extensive lesion. "The first days after the surgery were very emotionally demanding, Jan was apathetic, confused, sad and hardly spoke. Compared to how he is normally alive and communicative, it was a frightening change, but fortunately after a few days everything returned to normal," the mother describes and adds: "A month and a half after the operation he had 1 attack, but according to the doctors it happens. He's been seizure-free for three months now."
This school year, Honza will be graduating, besides sports he enjoys languages and has started working with E Company, with which he goes to meetings about epilepsy. Honza is not yet fully engaged in sports activities, he is beginning to return to sport slowly. "I'm learning how to play sports properly, how to breathe well, so that I don't put my body under sudden stress, which is quite a challenge with my competitive nature," explains Honza.
This year, therefore, he will not actively participate in the traditional EPPI canoe triathlon, where epilepsy sufferers and healthy athletes meet and which takes place this weekend on 28 September 2019 in Veselská pískovně. But next year, maybe.
XXX Lutz can buy competitor Kiko, the office has granted. But there's a catch.
"The Office for the Protection of Competition has authorised the merger of competitors - XLCEE-Holding GmbH, on the one hand, and Kika Nábytek and Lambda Properties Czechia, on the other hand - subject to the fulfilment of the structural commitments set in favour of maintaining effective competition," said Martin Švanda, spokesperson for the ÚOHS.
In addition to XXX Lutz, XLCEE Holding owns the Möbelix stores. If the chain Kika were also absorbed, it would occupy too large a part of the Czech furniture and accessories market. It must therefore sell off part of the company being bought.
XLCEE-Holding also buys Kika branches in other countries where the chain operates, namely Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. There, too, the antitrust authorities must authorize the transaction. The purchase of 22 foreign branches of the Kika chain from Signa Holding was announced by XXX Lutz in May. Signa took over the failing Kiku last year for a symbolic price.
The Kika chain entered the Czech market in 2005 and is second only to the Swedish company IKEA. Before it was taken over by the Austrian company Signa, it belonged to the South African firm Steinhoff International Holdings from 2013. She faced problems when she discovered discrepancies in her accounts. Kika has nine stores in the Czech Republic.
XXX Lutz has been operating in the Czech Republic since 2010. Alongside IKEA, Sconto, Jysk, Asko-Nábytek and Kika, it is one of the largest furniture retailers on the domestic market. The same owner is Möbelix. After taking over Kika's foreign branches, XXX Lutz will operate over 300 department stores in 12 countries. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is EUR 4.4 billion (about CZK 114 billion).
The library commemorates the anniversary of the death of Wenceslas IV with an exhibition of manuscripts
Six rare historical manuscripts from the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries, i.e. from the time of the Roman and Czech King Wenceslas IV, can be viewed today and Saturday by people in Prague's Klementinum. The National Library released them from its vaults to commemorate the 600th anniversary of Václav's death this year. This morning, librarians and restorers placed rare originals in display cases in the Mirror Chapel. Entrance to the exhibition is free, it is open on both days from 10:00 to 18:00.
The exhibition of documents entitled Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the royal office and library of Wenceslas IV was prepared by the library together with the National Archives. The National Archives looks at the written heritage of the reign of Václav IV from the perspective of official documents and the National Library from the perspective of literary works, said its author Jan Vojtíšek.
"Visitors can look forward, for example, to a work on agriculture by Peter de Crescentiis, which is basically an encyclopedia of agriculture, or to a breviary, a prayer book of one of the Benedictines of St. George's Monastery at Prague Castle, from the beginning of the 15th century," he said.
Also on display will be the Epistles of Peter of Blois, where the opening miniature H (enrico) depicts the half-figure of King Henry II of England. The author of the decoration is most likely the Master of Samson's History, who, in addition to two volumes of the Bible of Wenceslas IV, also participated in the decoration of a number of other manuscripts. Visitors will also see a Latin collection of tracts by John Wycliff from about 1411 to 1414.
Not a single book from the library of Wenceslas IV has survived in the Czech Republic. This library, according to experts, was one of the most extensive and also the most beautiful book collections in Central Europe at the time, because the young king wanted to build a representative library to match the book collections of his French relatives. However, the library disappeared soon after Wenceslas' death. Apparently it was stolen or destroyed during the conquest of the castle by the Hussites. But several codes have been saved. Most of them are now owned by the Austrian National Library.
"We have a number of treasures in our collections and I am glad that they are in a state that allows them to be exhibited and made available to the public so-called live and not only in the form of the digital library Manuscriptorium," said Martin Kocanda, director of the National Library.
On Saturday, an exhibition entitled What's Under the Floor, which presents local archaeological discoveries, will be opened free of charge in Klementinum.
Kristýna Plíšková did not make it to the final, she is missing her second title so far
In 2016, she won her first WTA tournament in Tashkent, and this year she performed very well.
After defeating Paolini, Kawa and Kuzhmova, she was ranked among the top four players.
But the match with Alison Van Uytvanck did not go well for Christine. The Belgian held her serve and broke Pliskova's serve twice in the first set. Van Uytvanck took an early 3-0 lead in the second set, and Christina failed to break even though she managed to convert a break point. In the last she turned back one match point, but in the second the end came.
Petra Černocká changed her image and did well! Her blond hair made her young.
The film Saxana Petra Černocká (69) looks absolutely fantastic for her age. Even though she's celebrating her life's jubilee in November, she's never looked like a retiree. And now she helped. She changed her image until her colleagues didn't recognize her.
The actress Petra Černocká never looked like a typical grandmother who had gray hair, wore seated things, and went out sporadically. She's always taken care of herself, and the older she gets, the more she can let go of her image.
Fortunately, she has not succumbed to the plastic surgery trend and takes care of her skin with a good old-fashioned indulone. And her anti-wrinkle formula is paying off. But now she's changed her hair color and seen through.
When she came to a social event where celebrities were saying goodbye to summer, no one could recognize Petra. Not only was her hair lighter and shorter, but she was dressed in a yellow jacket that made her even brighter.
Ladies should learn from Saxana how not to underestimate themselves, that even in their late seventies, they can take risks with appearances. And it paid off for Petra. She looks 50 at the most.
Sigismund the Traveler or General Bocek. The Senate handed out commemorative medals.
The 96-year-old Bocek, who was a fighter pilot for the British Air Force during World War II, thanked the winners for the medals. "The Senate was one of the first to remember and not forget war veterans," he said. "The award I received today also belongs to my friends who are no longer with us," he added.
In his speech, Kubera warned against dividing society. "Let us not forget our roots, which unite and shape us all, whether we like it or not. Our successful present is based on these values," said Kubera.
The awards were cardiologist and most cited Czech scientist Renata Cífková, long-time rector of the Tomáš Bata University in Zlín Petr Sáha, geologist, writer and traveller and popularizer of science Václav Cílek, president of the Czech Biathlon Union and vice president of the World Biathlon Union Jiří Hamza and František Paštěka. The upper chamber praised his heroism - in January this year, he saved the lives of his neighbor and his two-year-old granddaughter when he pulled them from a burning car. Former Speakers of the Upper House Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch were also awarded medals.
Zikmund, together with Jiří Hanzelka, undertook a number of travel expeditions around the world, during which they gathered a number of documentary materials. Fištejn was a commentator and director of Radio Free Europe, now he cooperates with the public media. Steigerwald also served as a playwright and screenwriter, and Kocáb was the head of the parliamentary committee overseeing the withdrawal of Soviet troops.
The medal was awarded in advance to the astronomer and emeritus head of the United Nations Office for Space Affairs, Luboš Perek, on the occasion of his 100th birthday in July. By the end of the year, the same award will be given to Madeleine Albright, a Czech native and US First Secretary of State, and Roger Scruton, a British philosopher and political scientist who, among other things, participated in the activities of the so-called underground university during the communist regime in the former Czechoslovakia.
The application will help equip workshops. For Points Earned by Movement
Equipping the timber workshop of the Hodonín Integrated School with new hand tools. This can now be done by everyone who downloads the EPP Help with Movement app to their mobile phones.
"Your movement collects points, which are then credited to the account of our project. You don't have to be a race runner or a cyclist, the points are added even if you are walking your dog or shopping, going for a walk or walking to work," said Eva Schmidová, director of the Hodonín school. The project was among the most interesting of a huge number of other applications for the ČEZ Foundation. The application will only be active for one month.
