An extraordinarily open and unique picture of Karel Gott in Olga Špátová's documentary feature film
This unique film created by Olga Špátová will premier in Czech cinemas next spring.
"In mid-September last year, I received a phone call from Ivanka and Karel Gott who asked me whether, after ten years, I would consider making another documentary about Karel's life. I didn't hesitate for a minute! I felt, and still feel, very honoured to work with a person who's managed to bask in the glory of the Czech cultural scene for over half a century, thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic modesty and immense diligence. I accepted the challenge to make a documentary feature about Karel Gott as a way to give back to this legendary singer, who has been bringing joy with his art to no less than three generations of listeners," film director Olga Špátová describes her feelings.
Thanks to our timely agreement and organization, the first day of shooting was as early as 22nd October last year, and the last scenes with Karel Gott were shot a few days ago. The aim has always been completely clear – to authentically capture Karel Gott, a phenomenal singer who is giving himself to his fans, a painter and, at the same time, a loving husband and father. A man who has been giving away joy with his songs to several generations for sixty years, not just in this country, but also in Europe, or rather across the entire world. A man who has found a way into the hearts and souls of his fans by simply being.
The film is not supposed to be a showcase of Karel Gott's undeniable fame and success. "This is the reason why we can't be comparing this film to my previous film, The Gott Phenomenon. They are both different. If nothing else, it's different in capturing another stage of Karel Gott's life, which will be very apparent in his personal, if not intimate, confession he gave us. This made us realize just what a legend we have had the privilege to work and spend time with, which really is quite indescribable," adds Olga Špátová.
The film-makers were filming Karel Gott during his shows, and while he was talking his fans here and in Hamburg. Most of the filming was done his home environment, whether it was Prague or his cottage in Bohemian Switzerland, in the village where he spent his childhood and other places that played an important role in his life. The film will thus be completely authentic and unique, thanks to Karel Gott's honesty and openness.
"Olga has a great gift to work with her small team in a way which often allowed us to get carried away in the relaxed atmosphere, so we naturally let her into our private lives. This helped me start talking about topics which are relatively intimate. She and her husband, cameraman Jan Malíř, have become part of our family, in a way. Originally, we wanted to release the film in 2019, to mark my milestone birthday. But because I was having a lovely time with my family in the summer, I wanted to start shooting as late as possible. And as there was too much of me everywhere in 2019, I wanted the film to go to cinemas next spring. This documentary is a way of saying thank you to all my fans and those who have supported and accompanied me throughout my career," says about the film Karel Gott himself.
Up to sixty times less insects now than 40 years ago
No other class of animals is more abundant in nature than insects. Beetles, butterflies and other insect species make up more than half of life on Earth. However, a growing number of reports claim that the insect kingdom is radically decreasing in size. A new scientific study on this topic was published earlier this week, suggesting that the situation is much more serious than people realized.
The study was based on a field research conducted in a rainforest in Puerto Rico, wherein US researchers recreated a research similar to one done in 1976. It is outlined right at the beginning of the report that there is "ten to sixty times less" insects in the rainforest today. The decline is apparent in the whole population, not in the number of species. The research did not focus just on insects but included all arthropods, as well. Decreasing numbers of insects cause a decline in the population of other fauna too, such as birds, frogs and lizards, due to their dependency on insects as part of the food chain.
The authors of the research attribute their findings directly to climate change. They say that the average air temperature in the rainforest has increased by two degrees Celsius in the past thirty years, and it is the warmer temperatures that have become the driving force behind the food web collapse. According to the team of researchers, the study shows that the impact of climate change on the tropical ecosystems can be much more profound than previously thought.
An extensive article about this report was published in the Washington Post on Monday. The new findings are presented right in the title of the article as hyper-alarming. "This is one of the most disturbing articles I have ever read," entomologist David Wagner of the University of Connecticut told the newspaper, which quotes him as an independent expert.
Insect extinction is also happening in Europe. "The decline here is also proportionate," points out Lukáš Čížek of the Institute of Entomology at the Academy of Sciences. He says that besides the climate change, we should also take the changes in landscape into account, which play a significant role in Europe. "It has been going on here for much longer than in Puerto Rico," adds Čížek explaining why the researchers could have found such a sharp decline in the rainforests compared to the 1970s.
Ondřej Houska's Czechs in Europe: Should Czechoslovakia have refused the Munich Agreement of 1938 and gone to war with Germany? Three times NO
An undated picture of Adolf Hitler visiting a Czechoslovak frontier fortification. The purpose of the fortification was never to stop the German Army, but slow it down before the Allies got involved.
If Czechoslovakia had refused the Munich Agreement almost exactly 81 years ago and was consequently faced with an attack from the Germans, what would have removed the majority of Czechoslovak soldiers from the battlefield? German tanks, their Air Force or perhaps the artillery? Quite possibly none of those weapons, despite the Germans having an overwhelming superiority in all of the above over the Czechoslovaks. The Czechoslovak Army would probably have suffered their heaviest losses – because of blisters.
Police Union Chairman Štěpánek has resigned, he wants to live as a free person
Milan Štěpánek, the Chairman of the Independent Police Union, decided to leave his post, reported the Czech Radio's Radiožurnál on Friday. Štěpánek, who has been chairing the union since 2005, will remain in the post for further two months. After he has left the front office, he will continue to serve in the police force.
"I can confirm that I handed in my written notice of resignation to the board earlier this week, and will remain in the post with all engagements for further two months," Štěpánek told the Radiožurnál. "I made this decision freely as someone who doesn't want to be tied to the union forever and who wants to live a more peaceful life," he said naming the reasons for his resignation.
The Independent Union of the Czech Republic's Police Force represents members and employees of security forces and the Ministry of the Interior. Among other things, the Union joined in protests against budget cuts and in petitions calling for better conditions in security forces. In 2011, the Union got into a dispute with the then Interior Minister, Radek John, and set up a petition calling for him to step down. The leaders of the government coalition later agreed that John would step down from his ministerial post.
A Semily museum exhibition looks back at the Velvet Revolution
A mock recreation of a room from the normalization era, complete with a television screen showing scenes of the brutal police action taken against students in Prague on 17th November 1989. This is one of the displays that is part of the new Velvet Revolution exhibition in a museum in Semily. "Our main aim is to show what was happening in Semily after the events on Národní třída," said Tomáš Chvátal, the curator of the exhibition.
"I'd say that the atmosphere was essentially the same all around; the first demonstration in Semily took place on 22nd November, with more people gradually joining in every day," he said. At the beginning, some of the most active people were in a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěcha, the only person from this town and its surrounding area to sign Charter 77, and the Dědečeks, who had been spreading the "A Few Sentences" petition. According to Chvátal, the Civic Forum formed relatively quickly back then. "One of the Civic Forum's defining features was that a strong group of local doctors had become its members," said the curator.
Some 50 photographs, taken by Karel Bárta 30 years ago, will transport visitors back to the past events that took place in the town. A video recording of the general strike of 27th November 1989, shot by František Tomíček, has survived to this day and will be played in a loop throughout the exhibition. Ivan Hlas was also among those who spoke and sang during the demonstration that took place then. A number of banners preserved from that time have been loaned to the exhibition by the Semily archive. "Their slogans read: Let's Not Get Duped, From a Trough to a Trough, We Don't Want Violence," said Chvátal. Some changes were implemented very quickly in the town back then, such as reaching a decision in as early as December during a vote held in all of Semily that the town square would be called Rieger's from then on and the previous name, Gottwald's, would be rendered invalid.
The exhibition also shows what was happening before the November events. "In the first section we present what the situation was like before, i.e. the late normalization period, to both contemporary witnesses and students. I think we've managed to gather unique documents about Semily, whether they are banners with various communist slogans or a bronze plate from the then museum of the labour movement," said Chvátal. One of the rooms should give you an idea of how a living room in an ordinary household looked like in those days.
The last section of the exhibition is dedicated to what was happening after the Velvet Revolution. It focuses on the first free election. "We wallpapered one of the rooms with election campaign posters. Those who lived then can reminisce over posters like ‘To Europe With Us’, or you can see Václav Klaus over there below the Civic Forum logo with a beautiful motto ‘Everyone For Their Own Town," added the curator.
Our fans should stay positive, wishes Hašek. Sparta expect a great game in Pilsen
"We'll push our abilities right to the edge and do everything in our power to succeed. We want to succeed in terms of both the game and the results," Sparta's Martin Hašek promised in an interview for the football club's TV channel.
He scored the decisive goal in a 2-1 win in a cup competition match in Jihlava earlier this week. Sparta have advanced to the next round, which they had to do. They are relieved, but as for the game, they are still worried.
In spite of the season slowly entering its second third, AC Sparta are still trying to find the identity Václav Jílek talked about when he was first appointed as their coach.
"It is still Sparta, though, and they do have some very good players. We have a difficult match ahead of us," warns Pilsen's Roman Procházka.
The last time Sparta were in Štrunc Park, in mid-May playoffs, it was quite a clear-cut affair. The guests left after a dull performance with a 0-4 slaughter, the biggest defeat in the history of the Czech independent league.
While the difference between the clubs was eight points in the league table before the mutual match, Sparta have now lost nine points following the ten matches played in the new season. This is one of the worst entries into a season of all times.
"This situation is not easy for us or our fans, who would rather see their beloved club in an entirely different position than we are now," Hašek feels. "But we would be happy if they carried on supporting us, stayed positive and stuck up for us."
Sparta don't know whether they will be able to line up Tetteh, who has to serve a two-match suspension and is thus banned from playing in the Pilsen match. However, he appealed against the ban on Friday.
A number of players remain on the injury list: Costa, Dočkal, Drchal, Panák, Pulkrab, Zahustel, Krejčí and Kadlec, who is the only one on the roster to remember Sparta's last victory in Pilsen in 2011.
The only player not to line up on the home side is their midfielder Čermák. In addition to the cup victory in Hlučín on Wednesday, the home team have also won the last five matches. Jakub Brabec, a Sparta-grown defender, is to lead them in the match as their captain.
Download Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on your PC for free, you have time till Thursday
Both games are available on Epic Store via the link here. You can include the games in your library directly through the website. However, you'd need to download the Epic Games Launcher client to play the game. You can do so until 3rd October.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original game from 2010, enhanced with graphic and gameplay changes from the Last Light iteration.
The story, based on a Dmitry Glukhovsky book of the same name, is set in the aftermath of a nuclear war in Russia in 2033. The Earth's surface as we know it does not exist anymore. Humans had to take refuge below the ground, in this case the vast space of the Moscow Metro.
"Take a post-apocalyptic world and the gloomy atmosphere of an unknown place, make the area of the world smaller, add loads of spectacular scripts and action passages, and ta-da: Metro 2033 is here," we wrote on Bonusweb in our review back then.
In contrast, Everything is a relaxing ‘non-game’ game set in a procedurally generated world, carrying the legacy of English author and philosopher Alan Watts. Gamers can become anything, from animals over trees to a planet.
To view the video you must enable the JavaScript support.
"A dreadful outcome of a study." Islam does not belong in the West, the overwhelming majority of Austrians think
A survey, in which 1200 respondents were polled, has shown that there is considerable mistrust towards Islam in Austrian society.
Almost 60 per cent of Austrian residents are concerned that some Muslims may be terrorists and 48 per cent want to impose a ban on building mosques. Eighty per cent of the respondents want to increase the surveillance of Islamic centres.
Most Austrians also want Muslims to have their religious practices limited and claim that they sometimes feel like foreigners in their own country due to the presence of Muslims.
"The outcome of this study is dreadful," says the author of the study, Wolfgang Aschauer, and adds: "This tendency towards ethnocentrism may give rise to discriminatory attitudes over time. There is a danger that the religious freedom granted to Muslims will be curbed."
Religious respondents were less critical in their attitudes. Aschauer claims that in Austria, this conflict is not between religions but between cultures. According to the sociologist, education and dialogue could help ease the polarization.
The study has shown that the most hostile attitudes towards Muslims are felt among extreme-right voters, people without a university degree and senior citizens over 75. In contrast, voters of the Green Party, people under 30 and those with a university degree have shown the friendliest attitudes.
Austria's Ministry of the Interior estimates that there are approximately 700 thousand Muslims living in Austria, a country of about 8.7 million residents. The vast majority of the Muslims there have Turkish roots. There are over 400 Muslim prayer rooms and mosques. Islam has been recognized as an official religion here since 1912.
Thomas Cook: Czechs kicked out of a hotel in Mallorca. Guarantees not deemed sufficient
This week, the Austrian, German and Polish divisions of the group also filed for insolvency. The future of the Czech branch is being currently discussed. A decision should be reached by the end of September.
According to Jan Papež, the Deputy Chair of the Association of Travel Agencies in the Czech Republic, there are three possible solutions in this scenario – to declare liquidation, to sell the company or to found a new travel agency by the Czech branch's team. "However, it is not possible to predict which option will be chosen. That will depend on the German owner," he said to the Czech News Agency today.
In addition to having terminated two package holidays early, the travel agency is also dealing with cases where clients had to pay for their accommodation out of their own pockets despite the company's efforts to provide guarantees to the hotel owners. The travel agency promised it would cover their clients' expenses since the company has sufficient funds to do so, according to Papež.
The problems with hotels emerged mainly in Mallorca, where the company even had to seek help at the Czech consulate. In this context, Papež described to the Czech News Agency one case where all tourists who were clients of the travel agency were kicked out of the local hotel. "The hotel owner couldn't tell who'd come with the German company and who with the Czech one. Therefore he kicked all of them out of the hotel even though this country's Neckermann had provided guarantees to them," he said. According to Šrámek, the situation was resolved in the end.
The Czech branch of the collapsed British Thomas Cook Group increased its revenues up to 995 million Czech crowns last year, a growth of nearly 21 per cent year-on-year, as shown in the company's annual report. It includes the accounting period from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. By contrast, the net profit of the company was reduced by roughly seven million, i.e. to 15.3 million Czech crowns. However, the company has unsettled financial losses of nearly 103 million Czech crowns from previous years. The branch includes two basic divisions – in addition to the Neckermann Travel Agency, there is also a company called Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump considers delisting Chinese shares from the USA
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration is considering delisting Chinese companies from U.S. stock exchanges, an informed source told Reuters today. This measure would be a radical escalation of the USA and China trade tensions. Following the news, shares of the companies concerned slumped instantly in the New York Stock Exchange and took the entire market down with them.
The delisting move would be part of a broader effort to limit U.S. investment in China, the source added. They thus confirmed the information reported by Bloomberg, which had sent shock waves through the financial markets shortly before that. Shares of the Chinese companies Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI declined by two to four per cent.
According to government data, 156 Chinese companies were listed on the Nasdaq and NYSE as of February, including at least 11 state-owned companies.
Bloomberg pointed out that there is currently no precise mechanism that would ensure delisting shares of Chinese companies from U.S. stock exchanges. Any plan is subject to approval by Trump, who has given the green light to the discussion on the matter.
China and the USA have been in a trade war for over a year now, which saw them both impose tariffs on one another's goods. The dispute has had negative impacts on the global economy and raises concerns of a recession of the global economy. By imposing tariffs, Washington tries to make Beijing change its trade practices and reduce China's trade surplus with the USA.
According to the CNBC TV website, business talks between the USA and China should be renewed on 10th October. Their goal is to end the trade war.
CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangrác accused by the police over promotion contracts
The police have accused Aleš Pangrác, the former manager of the state-run CzechTourism agency, over promotion contracts. Pangrác has confirmed to the Seznam Zprávy online newspaper that he received the accusation earlier this week. Czech Television (ČT) reported last year that the police were investigating contracts worth 38 million Czech crowns in this police case. According to the police, some of the money was being returned to Pangrác, the newspaper website informs. As part of the investigation, crime investigators were also interested in the Minister of Regional Development, Klára Dostálová (ANO), whose department CzechTourism falls under. The newspaper website reports that the investigation is still ongoing.
Detectives from the National Centre for Combating Organized Crime were collecting evidence pertaining to this case in the second half of November last year. Among the places they were looking into were the seat of the Ministry of Regional Development, the head office of CzechTourism, a racing track in Most and the Sport Invest Agency. They also took away the Minister's company computer from her apartment. The court warrant permitting to search Dostálová's home, which she had quoted to Czech Television earlier, stated that the Minister was making decisions in 2016, when she was Deputy Minister, in the matter of CzechTourism's expenditures in favour of selected persons via a third party and outside the officially-recognized standard procedures. Dostálová claimed then that she felt absolutely innocent and there had been no wrongdoing on her part. She also said that she was able to supply documentation to prove it, and that she fully cooperated with the police.
The agency claims this is a case of misconduct by an individual person. The media reported earlier that this issue concerned the former director of the regional partnership department in CzechTourism, Aleš Pangrác, who was dismissed because of audit findings. These revealed that CzechTourism had entered into 48 problematic contracts.
"Yes, I have been accused. But I will make no further comment on the matter," said Pangrác to Seznam Zprávy.
A Dobruška cemetery vandalized
According to the report received by the police, the act of vandalism in the garden of remembrance in a cemetery in Dobruška was purportedly committed on Wednesday between 1 p.m. and 5 p.m.
"The material damage has been calculated to be 60 thousand Czech crowns. The police officers are now asking potential witnesses to come forward and give information either in person at the police station or by phoning the free 158 line," said Lucie Konečná, a police spokeswoman.
The investigators treat the case as damage to somebody else's property and disorderly conduct, which is punishable by up to three years of prison.
Hundreds of enslaved children freed from a faith school in Nigeria
According to the BBC, there were nearly five hundred men and boys in the school. Reuters has reported that there were over three hundred children aged five and more, based on the information given by a police commissioner. Some were chained to each other, while others were chained to iron wheels on the walls.
Kaduna Police chief Ali Janga told the BBC that the school was raided after a tip-off. He described it as a "house of horror". The starved people were forcibly kept in, tortured and sexually abused. Leaving the school was prevented by a razor wire above the walls. He said this was human slavery.
Several people were arrested during the raid. Yakubu Sabo, a police spokesman, said the arrested people were the teachers at that school.
The children told the police that it was their parents or relatives who had sent them there in the belief that this was a faith school. "We identified two children who had come from Burkina Faso. However, most of them were brought here by their parents from the Nigerian states in the north," said spokesman Sabo about the identity of the victims. The northern Nigerian states are predominantly Muslim.
The Imam Ahmad bin Hanbal School presented itself as a faith school teaching the Quran.
The freed people have been moved to a stadium, where they now receive help and food provisions. Some of them were reunited with their relatives.
A French chef sues Michelin over star demotion. I suffer from depression, he claims
Renowned French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star in January this year, only a year after he won the rating. He is taking legal action against the red guide publisher to determine the exact reasons behind the demotion. Veyrat has also questioned the competence of the Michelin inspectors who he says had mistaken saffron for cheddar. The first court hearing is set for November.
The head chef of the famous La Maison de Bois restaurant in the Alpine region of Upper Savoy was stripped of one of his three Michelin stars in January this year. He is taking the publisher of the prestigious Le Guide Michelin to court as he thinks that the inspectors' conclusion was not properly founded. What's more, the star was demoted without any prior notice, says the chef. "I have been depressed for six months now. How dare you gamble with the health of chefs?" Veyrat sent a message to the inspectors.
The chef was reportedly given only vague reasons by Michelin, one of which was that the head chef had added cheddar in his souffle, something the inspectors did not like. "I put saffron in it, and these gentlemen thought it was cheddar because it was yellow. I have loved working with Savoy ingredients since I started this business," Veyrat protested against the decision. He is convinced that the Michelin inspectors were profoundly incompetent: "You are impostors who only want clashes, for commercial reasons." Outraged Veyrat does not understand "how they dared to say that we put cheddar in our souffle". "They have insulted our region; my employees were furious. Our eggs come from our own chickens, our milk from our own cows, and our gardeners pick fresh herbs every morning," he ranted.
The distinctive chef, complete with his black hat and dark glasses, opposes the new generation of Michelin inspectors, and that's why he is now asking for his restaurant to be removed from the red guide. However, the publisher has refused to do so. "If you remain in business and our inspectors will choose it again, we'll keep recommending it," claims Gwendal Poullennec, Michelin's International Director.
According to Michelin, the head chef's complaint still doesn't include any meaningful accusations, and say that his layer should help him formulate it. "We regret Mr Veyrat communicates with us in an abrasive manner. Nevertheless, we'll examine his objections thoroughly," he said.
Beside La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart also owns other two three-star restaurants.
Technologically perfect mess with a weak screenplay. Gemini Man with Will Smith has failed to impress the critics
The dystopian sci-fi movie Gemini Man boasts an interesting premise – Will Smith is faced with a younger version of himself. According to critics, though, the storyline is the weakest point of the film. The motion picture will be shown in Czech cinemas on 10th October.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is a top professional in his field. He kills effectively, no questions asked. One day, he decides to hang up his hat and retire. Understandably, this doesn't go well with his employers, who send a killer after him. But there is a catch – the killer is Henry himself, or rather his younger clone created from his DNA. Is one determined man going to win a battle with himself? In this case, literally.
Some level of quality should have been guaranteed by the three-time Oscar winner Ang Lee. Even though this is his first sci-film, he has had plenty of experience with drama action films, which he showed in films such as the aforementioned ‘Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon’ and the western film ‘Ride with the Devil’. As many as six screenwriters worked on the script. The best known of them would certainly be David Benioff, one of the creators of the mega-successful Game of Thrones. Based on the first reactions, though, all of this wasn't enough to make a good movie.
"Even though Ang Lee is attempting huge things technically, this film in itself doesn't have enough character to carry them," thinks Fionnuala Hannigan from the Screen Daily website.
"This disappointing film is less than the sum of all the talents involved. Its weak script and plot are only held together by the technological wizardry of the film-makers," Stephen Dalton summed up his opinion in The Hollywood Reporter.
"Gemini Man is a case in which an awful lot of effort has gone into making an awfully lazy action movie," writes Peter Deburge, a Variety reviewer who doesn't hide his disillusionment.
"A baffling product born from a bizarre idea," concluded Ella Kemp of the IndieWire website in her review.
"It's difficult to care that one man is a doppelganger of the other when neither of them acts very human," wrote Nicholas Barber on The Wrap website.
An overview of children's bank accounts available on the Czech market
Banks provide children's bank accounts free of charge. However, thought should be given to the options available, as some of the additional account services are subject to a charge. "The banks' motivation to offer children's accounts, whose basic maintenance is usually provided free of charge, is straightforward. Financial institutions count on getting the exempted charges back in the future. Considering the fact that Czechs do not migrate between banks very much, they are probably right in their presumption," says Kristýna Kuncová of the dTest.
According to her, "Junior Accounts" can do almost everything bank accounts for adults can. Children are provided with their own payment card, they can make payments, watch the movement of the money on their accounts, and in some accounts they can do their own online banking. While the banks are happy to set up the accounts, it is the parents who are expected to teach their children how to use it and control how much their children spend.
"Parents can fairly flexibly set up weekly or monthly limits, turn individual services on and off, and so on. Most importantly, they can follow what's happening on the account, either on the internet or by receiving information via text messages. Keep in mind though that these services may not be necessarily free of charge," adds Kuncová and continues: "If parents are thinking about opening an account for their child, they should evaluate the child's skills and capabilities."
Strict but fair, we enjoy his lessons! That's how Benešov Grammar School students see their favourite teacher/author
Humanism should be present in every good book, believes Pavel Hoza. The secondary school teacher of Czech and History is also a poet, prosaist and revivalist of literary life in a small town.
When reading Pavel Hoza's work, Bohuslav Reynek springs to mind. His poetry, his paintings. Bare trees, albescent rural houses, wavering grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old country lanes and people who have been walking on them for centuries. Grieving, cursing, blessing. This present-day successor of Reynek teaches Czech, Literature and History at the grammar school in Benešov. He runs a version of Prague Viola in the local ‘Na Slovíčko’ Café and organizes the annual Benešov Festival of Literature.
Wife Swap: Ondra cruelly abused by his parents! He ended up in an institution
It was nerve-racking. Supposedly a problematic son, Ondřej (9), was often severely punished by his father. "He came home from school and told a fib about his snack. Lukáš looked at me and said that the boy would have to kneel as a punishment," described Lucie in the Swap. Dad Lukáš forced young Ondra to kneel in the corner for several hours! When the cameras weren't rolling, the boy even had to suffer like this on a wooden foot-massage board! "Ondřej approached me after the shoot and said – Auntie, I get into trouble and get disciplinary notes only to be able to leave here, because I want to go to an institution," Lucie described the moment when it fully dawned on her what was going on in the studio flat behind closed doors. In the end, the boy's wish came true...
His situation was so serious that he was taken away from the family when the filming came to an end and was placed in the Children's Care Centre in České Budějovice for a month. He returned to his father and stepmother Aneta (28) for a short time; however, he then went to a detention institution for problematic children. "When I came home, Aneta added me on Facebook right away, and we wrote to each other for a while. She was mainly interested in whether we'd received any money. I pretty much didn't respond to that. But then she wrote that the boy was in an institution, and that he was later returned to stay with them, and now he is in a detention centre. They are both unemployed," claims mum Lucie, who lives in the Pilsen area.
The Blesk naturally contacted the other party but was only met with a vague reply. "I'm not in the mood, I'm sick. Call back later," Aneta said as an excuse and hung up.
Sparta want Tetteh in the line-up in Pilsen. They appeal against a two-match ban
AC Sparta have appealed against the two-match ban the disciplinary committee gave their striker, Benjamin Tetteh, for being sent off at the derby match against Slavia (0-3) on Sunday.
The Letná club has posted this information on their Twitter account and is now waiting for a decision to be reached by the disciplinary committee.
Tetteh has already served the first half of the ban at the Wednesday match of the home cup in Jihlava. Sparta are now seeking to line the 22-year-old Ghanaian striker up for the big match of the 11th round in the First League in Pilsen on Sunday.
Last year's October situation may be repeated now. Last October, Olomouc appealed against the ban Šimon Falta received from the disciplinary committee on Thursday, suspending him for one match for being sent off in a match against Liberec.
As the appeal committee did not have enough time to discuss the case, the ban was postponed, and Falta could line up on Saturday, ironically against Sparta.
The committee confirmed the one-match ban for the Olomouc midfielder on the following weekend, and Falta sat out the next match against Zlín.
The committee has suspended Tetteh for a foul on Slavia's David Hovorka, and was immediately shown the red card by the referee Miroslav Zelinka in the 82nd minute.
The Ghanaian player's alleged spitting on the captain of the opposing team, Tomáš Souček, has not been proved.
Keller elected as President of the German Football Association
As anticipated, Fritz Keller, the former boss of the Bundesliga's Freiburg, has become the new President of the German Football Association. The 62-year-old winemaker, gourmet and hotel owner was unanimously elected for the next three years, running unopposed in the election.
Keller has replaced Reinhard Grindel, who stepped down in April in the wake of his undisclosed income affair. His other predecessors, Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach, will go to court for bribery allegations in connection with the awarding of the 2006 World Championship hosting rights.
Keller said that one of the major goals for him is to reinstate trust in the Association and steer it out of the crisis. "This is not going to be a One-Man Show; many people will have to share responsibility. The Association is better than its current reputation is," said Keller, who had presented all his tasks under the motto: We can do it together.
Upon his election as President of the Association, Keller resigned from his post at Freiburg.
A fire outbreak in the ČSA underground mine at Karviná, no injuries sustained
A fire in the ČSA underground mine at Karviná broke out this morning. The cause of the fire is yet unknown. Nobody was hurt in the fire, Ivo Čelechovský, a spokesman for the mining company, told the ČTK.
The fire broke out in a drift roughly 1,200 metres below the surface at 4.25 a.m. "No employees were injured, nobody was hurt. Mine rescue workers responded immediately to the fire, which was put out by direct attack. They also examined the area. The site was locked down immediately, and access to it was blocked," said the spokesman. The exact cause of the fire outbreak will now be investigated by a special committee.
In the former Ostrava-Karviná coal district, coal is now extracted only in the Karviná section – in the ČSA, Lazy, Darkov, ČSM-North and ČSM-South mines. Coal mining is due to finish in the Lazy Mine this year, while the operation of the other mines is to be gradually phased out. The OKD mining company is the only producer of black coal in Czechia. The company produced 4.62 million tonnes of coal last year. Around 9 thousand people work in the mine.
Berlin responds to the pressure from the public and deals with the housing crisis. Six thousand flats to be bought from a private company
Berlin is set to buy six thousand former social-housing flats from ADO Properties SA, a private Luxembourg company, for 920 million Euros (23.8 billion Czech crowns), which were sold by the city council 15 years ago. The council responds to the pressure from the public who are protesting against skyrocketing prices of rents. According to Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher from The Left Party (Die Linke), this is the biggest purchase of this kind in the history of Germany's capital city. The opposition criticizes the measure.
"Our intention is to keep the rents stable in Berlin and provide tenants with security," said the Berlin Mayor, Michael Müller (SPD), in a statement. "At the same time, we'll continue to build new flats and make legal provisions to freeze the rents," he added. Gewobag, a council-owned company, will take over the thousands of flats, located in the Spandau and Reinickendorf districts in the western part of the city, this December.
According to Thomas Rothäusler, an analyst from the Jefferies company, the city paid too much. Rothäusler told the Bloomberg news agency that he estimated the city had paid for the housing units roughly ten per cent over their account value.
According to the German opposition liberal party (FDP), the measures taken by the Berlin authorities will lead to increased speculation in the property market. The FDP posted this on its Twitter account on Friday. The protest party, the Alternative for Germany (AfD), has described the measure as "a waste of money".
Gewobag repurchased 670 flats in Berlin's street Karl-Marx-Allee as early as mid-July, reminded the Der Spiegel weekly news magazine on its website. The municipal board did not make the price public then. The controversy around the flats in the former showpiece avenue, built during the GDR times, was accompanied by protests and was filling the front pages of the German press. The controversy has become the symbol of the depressing situation tenants in large German cities are faced with, stated the paper.
Although the German metropolis used to be renowned for its low cost of living and low rents, in recent years it has been gaining in popularity. According to the AFP agency, the rents have doubled in the past ten years making it difficult for some residents to find affordable housing.
A Brno company sued by Nokia over the name Lokia. People not likely to confuse the brands, believe the Moravians
Nokia has lodged an objection to an application to register the name Lokia at the Industrial Property Office. However, according to CCV the products are not likely to be confused for one another.
CCV, a software developer company in Brno, faces a legal action from Nokia, a Finnish manufacturer of telecommunication devices. The Finns oppose the name of the warehouse management program, Lokia WMS, developed by the Brno company, the E15 daily newspaper reported. Nokia has therefore lodged an objection to the application to register the name Lokia at the Industrial Property Office. CCV thinks that the brands are not likely to be confused for one another.
Marketing director Petr Ondrášek said that the program has been on the market since last September and is now used by twenty costumers.
"The Nokia brand is recognised and trusted all over the world. When somebody tries to register a name which we think could lead to confusion or weakening our brand, we will take steps to protect our valuable asset," said Nokia's spokesman, Mark Durrant.
The Brno developers claim they did not have the brand, which was renowned for their mobile phones in the past, in mind when creating the warehouse management program. According to CCV, the name Lokia comes from the Latin name of a dragonfly species whose fast movement is meant to be an analogy of the movement of storeroom workers in warehouses.
"It is highly unlikely there would be confusion over the names on the Czech market. We sell state-of-the-art cloud software used by companies to run their warehouse systems. We really have no ambition to target the mobile phone manufacturing sector. In addition, we do not seek to be compared to a brand that is perhaps losing its grip in the mobile phone industry," Tomáš Kormaňák, the manager of CCV, told the E15.
CCV filed an application to have the brand name protected at the Industrial Property Office back in August, before the program was released to the market. "An application was lodged to have our products and services protected in classes 9, 35 and 42. According to the international classification system, software is in class 9, services related to warehouse business management are in class 35, and computer software development is in class 42," said Ondrášek.
Nokia bases its objection on the fact that the older Nokia trademark applies to all classes of products and services, covering the broadest possible spectrum of products and services, and thus also includes classes 9, 35 and 42. "CCV does not dispute the claims made by the objecting party as regards the agreement on the products and services classes. However, in reality these are completely different brands focusing on different target groups," said Ondrášek.
According to the E15, the dispute over the brand name can last for months, which can complicate the business activities of the company.
From Sydney to London in four hours? This may be a reality in 2030
Sabre combines a traditional aeroplane engine with a rocket engine. It has been designed to propel an aircraft twice the speed of Concorde. "When the Sabre engine is up and running, we could be able to get to Australia in roughly four hours," said Turnock. The aircraft could also travel the distance, for example, between London and New York in one hour.
The Independent server notes that this hypersonic travel, which is the equivalent of five times the speed of sound, is difficult because of engine overheating. Sabre (the Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) deals with this problem by using supercooled helium to keep temperatures from rising.
"The main thing with Sabre is that it's a hybrid of a rocket engine and an aeroplane engine, which is propelled with a current of exhaust gases created from air," says Shaun Driscoll of Reaction Engines. "Rockets really have not progressed in the past 70 years, whereas aeroplane engines have done. So, if you combine the two engines, you can have a very lightweight and efficient propulsion system, and basically create a space plane," he added.
Trials of the engine are currently taking place, with plans to start launching test flights in mid-2020. Commercial flights could be in place by around 2030.
Kovosvit to sell its administration building and other halls in expectation of worse to come
The restructuring of Kovosvit resulted in the company's consolidated loss of 100 million Czech crowns last year, while the consolidated turnover came to 1.3 billion. According to Kuchař, some of the key problems that emerged last year was the lack of staff and shifting subcontractors. We experienced a decreased demand for machine tools by 10 to 20 per cent year-on-year. "This is also related to the expected decrease in turnover by about ten per cent," said the Director General. In 2017, Kovosvit's sales were 1.3 billion Czech crowns, and the post-tax profit was 40.1 million. The loss in 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit is now selling a number of properties, halls and some land, which the company either does not use at all or uses only to a minimal extent. This is also the case of the administration building, where out of the five floors only two are used by Kovosvit, and not even fully. "Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to slim down Kovosvit and increase its efficiency. The sale of the assets is not part of a momentary solution for, let's say, the cash-flow, but part of a long-term plan whereby we're seeking to put all resources into investment development," said the Director General.
Kovosvit exports about a half of its products. Its standard markets are usually in the EU and Russia, and last year, to a lesser extent, in Asia. This year, Kuchař regards India to be one of the most interesting markets. Kovosvit was awarded a contract for five-axis machining devices worth 100 million Czech crowns in India. The company also exported two five-axis machines worth 30 million Czech crowns to China this year. "Another contract at a similar volume is under negotiation right now, which we are looking into fulfilling before the end of this year," said Kuchař. Kovosvit is faced with limitations on markets in Russia and some other countries due to imposed sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centres in France – to a company that is subcontracted by Airbus. Kovosvit supplied another machine to them in May earlier this year, and one more is to follow either at the end of this year or the beginning of 2020.
The company's main investment this year was the switch from a steam heating system to a hot-water heating system worth 20 million Czech crowns. There are 500 people employed in Kovosvit, and the average wage of a worker is 28,500 Czech crowns. The company is looking for foundry casting grinders, machinists, lathe operators and electricians.
The company has been under ownership of industrialist and arms manufacturer Jaroslav Strnad since September 2016. Machining tools have traditionally been manufactured here. It was established by Tomáš Baťa in 1939. The company used to employ up to three thousand people back in the day.
Milan Jakubů: The funeral was hijacked by the Army! Andor Šándor claims
The circumstances around the funeral of Brigadier General Milan Jakubů remain unclear. The media speculated earlier this week that the Army had been planning a spectacular farewell ceremony – in the grand way soldiers do these things – in order to say last goodbye to the Deputy Head of the Military Intelligence Agency in spite of the wishes of his family. There was also confusion around the date of the funeral. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence, Jan Pejšek, has denied the claims.
"That's nonsense! We've been in touch with the family since the beginning. The funeral will be held on Friday as previously arranged. There were no changes made to the date, and the military salutes are also on. The only issue we'll address, in consideration of the family, is the potential presence of the media," said Pejšek to the Blesk on Wednesday. The funeral will indeed be held on Friday, and all military salutes, including fighter planes in the sky, will be part of the ceremony.
Nevertheless, tensions around the farewell ceremony for the popular General are still there. Due to a decision made by the organizers, people who used to work with the General will not be present at the funeral service!
Among those is Andor Šándor (62), the former Head of the Military Intelligence Agency, who met Milan Jakubů 17 years ago. Šándor remembers his former colleague as being hard-working and intelligent, and "a good chap".
Moreover, in recent years he was regularly meeting him at events celebrating anniversaries of the founding of the Military Intelligence Agency. That's precisely why he would like to say goodbye to Milan Jakubů. "Personally, I would like to attend Milan Jakubů's funeral," said Šándor to the Blesk. But he can't.
"I am also aware of other people from the organization who would like to go but are in tough luck, because the potentates are usurping the funeral just for themselves. I think it isn't right for them to appropriate the funeral like that," said the security expert. He also thinks there is something dodgy about the allegedly planned exclusion of the public from the ceremony due to keeping the army elites secret.
"The leaders of the Army are not kept secret, and neither are the senior military intelligence officers, as they can be seen, for instance, at Prague Castle when they are promoted to a higher rank. If the information given by the media is correct and the family did indeed allow to be side-lined by the Army, that is naturally the family's private business. I would personally never let the Army to take over the family and their wishes," concluded Šándor.
Milan Jakubů died in a car crash near Špindlerův Mlýn on Saturday. The head-on collision between Milan's Rapid and a Ford Mustang was allegedly caused by the driver of the sports car, Vojtěch C. (31).
The amateur racer is reported to have driven into the opposite direction when he entered a bend. Milan Jakubů had, in all likelihood, no chance to prevent the collision. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the crash and may have consequences lasting for the rest of her life. The police questioned the driver at fault on Thursday.
Jan Šindelář's commentary: Running the railways like a business
Granting that the election of Nebeský may not have been entirely smooth, it is still the climax of a sad story about the government's failure to give the Railways a clear direction. The Board of Directors has been incomplete for over a year now and will remain so even after Wednesday evening due to one member's resignation. Provisional measures are still in place.
The selection process itself was a farce from the start, the main reason being that the requirements on the candidates had been substantially relaxed in terms of their level of experience. In contrast to last year's selection process, the requirements on the size of the company the candidates had worked for in the past were lowered. Members of the selection committee were reduced to puppets, and so were the members of the supervisory board later.
Nebeský produced perhaps the weakest CV in terms of professional experience out of the five finalists. Despite his lack of experience in a large company he still managed to shove aside seasoned top dogs from front office positions in logistics giants and transport companies. It was the presence of the interesting managers from the private sector that was probably the brightest feature (and the biggest hope) of the whole process. Now they know their role there was only to be a theatrical backdrop for a political stage play.
It could be that Nebeský will surprise us and prove to be very talented indeed. He may become the best railway chief of all times in the end. However, he will be associated with the bad aftertaste of political cronyism, at least in the early days. The Czech Railways face tough times ahead, as they have to deal with the competition emerging in the wake of market liberalization and the lack of operational staff. There aren't enough train drivers, train shunters and mechanics. How can they stay motivated to work there and respect the management when the government acts like a bull in a china shop in their approach to top leadership matters?
Another important group are the creditors. We will see their take on what's being played out in the top management of the Railways in spring next year, when the Railways will be defending their credit rating. What's clear is that the creditors do notice instability. It is unfortunate that every year a different person is sent to the Moody's agency by the Czech Railways to defend their credit rating. The frequent changes in the management of the Railways and the political influence on the company did not escape the agency's attention – they criticized the Railways for this as early as this summer.
The ANO movement's motto is, among others, that a country should be run like a business. For starters, it would suffice if they ran one big state-owned company like a business, and not like a country. The Czech Railways are still one of the largest companies in this country. It would be great if it was run by those who are the best fit for the job. Such people did apply, but the government turned them down. Granted, it could be said that the top post in the Railways has always been a matter of politics. But then we should be spared the buffoonery with selection procedures.
A couple taped a female dog and drowned it in a river, the sack was found by children
The incident occurred in a small town near Valašské Klobouky in late July. A 27-year-old woman brought home a one- or two-year-old dog she had been given as a present with a view to looking after it. The woman's partner, who is ten years older than her, did not like the fact that the dog was female, so he decided to get rid of it.
"He bound an adhesive tape and rope around the animal, and substantially restricted the sound coming from it. He placed the dog in a jute sack and tied it. He and the woman then took the animal to a river and threw the sack with the animal inside in the water. At the time of throwing, the dog was demonstrably still alive," said Monika Kozumplíková, a spokeswoman for the Zlín Police.
Next day, some children who were playing near the river found a jute sack on the riverside. When they opened it, they found the body of a dead dog inside. They therefore called out to a woman who happened to be passing by, and then ran away. The woman called the police on the emergency 158-line and reported the incident.
"Because the police officers knew the town's residents, they realized who could be the likely perpetrators of this incredible act. They were not mistaken. The man and the woman confessed to the act and described how it happened," added the police spokeswoman.
An expert veterinary medical report has confirmed that the dog died in an unambiguously excruciating way as a result of suffocation. The animal had suffered for several minutes before it died.
"The actions undertaken by the perpetrators show beyond doubt that they clearly intended to rid themselves of the animal in this despicable way by any means, even though they could have gifted or sold the dog to somebody. The superintendent of the Zlín Criminal Investigation Police charged the couple with a criminal offence of cruelty to animals committed in complicity. Both accused are first-time offenders and could be sentenced to up to three years behind bars if found guilty," noted Kozumplíková.
Thanks for the Dance! Singer Leonard Cohen's last album to be released posthumously
The album titled ‘Thanks for the Dance’ will feature unheard material and various musical collaborations, put together by his son. The album will be released on 22nd November.
In October 2016, ‘You Want it Darker’ was released, an album Cohen had created together with his son Adam. Cohen asked his son to complete the individual songs. Through this intimate recording, Cohen symbolically comes to terms with his approaching death. He died at the age of 82, a month after the album's release.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen began working on the material his father had left him. He invited a whole host of musicians to collaborate on the album – Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mas and the singer Beck, to name a few.
"In composing the music for my father's lyrics, we chose his most characteristic musical signatures. In this way, he is still with us," said Adam Cohen about the album. "What moves me most about the album is the response of those who have heard it. They say, one after the other, that Leonard still lives," he added.
The album's release has been trailed with a short song ‘The Goal’. "I'm almost alive, I'm almost at home," Cohen sings with his distinctive honeyed voice. He sang about death as he expected he was not going to live to see the new material released. He even admitted it in an interview for The New Yorker a month before his death. "I am ready to die. I hope it's not too uncomfortable," he said.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen published ‘The Flame’, a collection of his father's poems. In Czech, it will be published as ‘Plamen’ by Argo Publishing on 31st December.
The first Miss contest winner Christová finally shapes up: Looking fab after shedding a few kilos
The first modern-era winner of the Miss beauty contest in 1989, Ivana Christová (49), has struggled with her weight for many years. Her weight was the root of her physical problems and, in particular, mental problems. She was really unhappy about how much she had changed since the Miss Czechoslovakia contest. However, it now looks like she has taken the criticism to heart and decided to fight the extra kilos – despite being in it for the long haul.
She used to be a first-class beauty, who even conquered Paris. Nevertheless, thirty years have passed since then, and Ivana Christová can only reminisce about the beauty contest. Not just about her fame, but also about how skinny she used to be then.
As the time went by she started to disregard the strict modelling rules whereby she had to stay as skinny as possible and often skipped meals. She decided to stop obeying those rules and start eating whatever she fancied.
So, she moved from starving herself to eating excessively, which left its mark on her figure right away. She tried to hide the extra kilos with all kinds of loose clothing, but this made her curvy body look even bigger.
Now it looks like Ivana really means business. She has visibly lost weight, started to dress with taste and wears clothes that are more appropriate for a fuller figure.
Her new look surprised all who were at the launch of Miloš Zapletal's (75) book. She has regained her original features of the charming brunette who entered history in 1989, not only with her winning the first Miss contest held after the revolution but also with the controversy her win had caused.
Christová will always be remembered as the first beauty contest winner. She is also the very first winner, whose crowning was accompanied by a huge uproar from insanely whistling spectators in the Palace of Culture and Sports in Ostrava.
"A travesty of justice." The scientist who claimed that pollution causes cancer is now in jail in Turkey
Between 2011 and 2015, Sik and other scientists worked on a study commissioned by the Turkish Ministry of Health. The outcomes of the study revealed that the pollution of water, soil and food in some industrial areas in the western parts of the country is linked to an increased occurrence of cancer in local residents.
The scientists particularly highlighted the Dilovasi industrial zone that holds a number of chemical and metallurgical plants, situated some 80 kilometres away from Istanbul. According to the scientists, people who live in the zone's vicinity suffer from cancer well above the international average.
Erdogan is taking revenge for the coup despite international criticism
Sik observed that the government was not taking any measures in the matter despite the clear results of the study. This was the reason behind him publishing several articles about the research in the opposition daily newspaper, Cumhuriyet. As a result of that, the authorities began a prosecution against him for leaking confidential information.
"The study has clearly shown the extent of the contamination of water sources by toxic substances," said Sik to journalists after the verdict was delivered. "The decision of the court shows that the findings of studies that directly concern public health can be concealed. That's unacceptable," added the scientist.
"Instead of using courts to chase after people who raise the alarm, the Turkish authorities should inquire into this significant public health problem," stated Andrew Gardner of the Turkish branch of AI.
Environmental and human rights organizations have been accusing the Turkish government for a long time now of not enforcing any environmental regulations despite the fast industrial development in some regions.
Following the failed coup of 2016, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's regime began a large wave of arrests. Nearly 80 thousand people are now behind bars, including a number of employees of the Cumhuriyet. The authorities also either suspended or completely dismissed 150 thousand government employees and armed forces personnel.
The opposition and human rights organizations accuse the government of using the coup attempt to persecute their opponents. However, the authorities claim in their defence that these measures are necessary for national security.
The fastest man on the planet not available for tests. I don't take anything, he defends himself
The traditionally intensely watched race which determines the fastest man on the planet can become a chase for silver defender Christian Coleman at the World Championship. The 23-year-old American is leading the tables with a time of 9.81 seconds and only one loss this year. His start at the top of the season is under threat, though, due to the imbroglio involving him missing anti-doping tests.
The United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) dropped his case in early September without bringing up accusations due to formal reasons. Coleman failed to attend three anti-doping tests last year, as well as this year; however, the missed appointments were more than 12 months apart. The first test he missed was backdated to 1 April 2018 by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), i.e. the start of the second quarter, even though the actual date of the missed test was 6th June. Because the date of the test he failed to turn up to was 29th April 2019, Coleman was not in violation of the rule of three missed appointments over the course of 12 months.
Coleman defended himself by saying that he merely forgot to update his ‘whereabouts’ application used by athletes. "I don't do drugs; I don't even take anything legal. A lot of athletes take legal creatine and protein powders or various other supplements to be able to recover faster. And I don't take anything, I work hard, and that's just what it is," he said before the start of the World Championship.
The only time Coleman didn't win in this year's six starts at the 100-metre sprint was when he entered the season in the Diamond League in Shanghai. He was outperformed by his fellow countryman, Noah Lyles, only by six thousandths of a second. Lyles used Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League finals but will only run a 200-metre sprint in the World Championship.
On paper, the second fastest sprinter is the 22-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, with his time of 9.86 seconds, who has until now only been successful at U.S. university competitions.
Justin Gatlin, a 37-year-old American who managed a time of 9.87 seconds in Stanford this June, will be defending his title. His time in the last 100-metre sprint in Zagreb was only 10.29, due to a hamstring injury.
Among other front-runners are South African Akani Simbine; Andre de Grasse, who was a three-time winner at the Rio Olympics; and European champion Zharnel Hughes. The fastest Jamaican is Yohan Blake, the 2011 world champion with a time of 9.96 seconds.
The men's 100 metres is set to start with a preliminary round and heats on Friday. The semi-finals and finals are scheduled for Saturday. The sprint competition for medals will be held at 21:15 CEST.
A plane crashed near Žinkovy in the Pilsen area: Two people died in the accident
There were two people on board, a man (†63) and a woman (†38). "The plane requested clearance to land at Chaloupky Airport near Klatovy at 8.30 p.m.," said Dana Ladmanová, a police spokeswoman. This was their last recording. According to the GPS coordinates, the plane was somewhere above Vojovice near Žinkovy at the time.
However, the plane did not make it to Klatovy's airport. The search for the lost aeroplane, which had issued a distress signal, started immediately. "Our police helicopter was assisted by a military helicopter in the search process," said Martina Korandová, a police spokeswoman. The search operation did not have a happy ending, though.
Just before 9 a.m. the helicopter crew spotted a plane wreck in the woods at Petrovice near Měčín, which is roughly six kilometres away from the place the plane made its last call. "We found the plane and two bodies showing no signs of life," confirmed Korandová.
The crashed aircraft was partially stuck in tree branches, and some pieces had fallen to the ground nearby. "We will look into the cause of the crash in cooperation with specialized experts and the Air Accidents Investigation Institute's personnel," added Korandová.
Civilization on borrowed time
Recently, I remembered an excellent "oner-liner" from one of the brilliant short stories by Šimek and Grossmann, which has a scene set a cemetery. The line goes like this: "I pointed out to her that although she was doing a very good job of crying, she was crying at the wrong grave!" That made me realize that a good number of world politicians are currently behaving in a very similar manner, by engaging in a pointless fight against the climate change.
They act as though Planet Earth was ruled by humans. In reality, we are a mere speck on her surface which she could blow out with her colossal forces, just like a gust of wind blows out a candle flame. I assume hardly any of those politicians have watched acclaimed British and U.S. nature documentaries featuring the destructive abilities of our blue orb. After all, one of the large active volcanos "letting a big one out" would be all it would take for our advanced civilization to soil itself.
It is very likely that this will happen in the near future. According to leading volcanologists, a number of big volcanoes are "locked and loaded" (such as Katla in Iceland).
In a way, it would be ideal for the eruption to happen rather sooner than later, if it's going to happen anyway – before billions of dollars are utterly wasted on measures to reduce the production of carbon dioxide. Together with dust and toxic volcano gases, any furious little volcano could release into the air at least a hundred times more carbon dioxide than the amount that has already been reduced to the detriment of Europeans.
It thus makes no sense to be reducing CO2 production forcibly. Furthermore, it has been scientifically proven that when there is a considerable amount of it in the air, plants create more biological matter and are more resistant to dry conditions. A potential increase in temperature is much better for the human population than, for instance, an abrupt return to the ice age.
When we also take into account that the impact of solar cycles on the planet's climate are not fully understood yet, we will arrive at one reasonable conclusion only: Let's work hard on keeping the Earth as clean as possible and adapt with as little cost as possible to the other changes we can't compare our strength with!
The Giant Mountains Museum renovation delayed by a year
The Giant Mountains National Park (GMNP) management has postponed the deadline for bidding in the second tender to renovate the Giant Mountains Museum in Vrchlabí by three weeks. The original date of the opening of envelopes was set for 20th September, said Radek Drahný, a spokesman for the National Park. The reason for moving the bid submission deadline is a lower budget, which went from 110 million down to 83 million Czech crowns.
"We are currently working with the prices on the market. Cuts have been made to the budget, and we are now waiting for someone to offer us a price we would like. If they give us a price we could accept, the renovation work can start as soon as practicable," said Drahný.
The renovation works on the museum will commence about a year later than originally planned. The GMNP was planning to have the building work supplier secured by the end of last year, and intended to start the construction work this spring. According to the top management of the National Park, the CZK 123 million of EU grants allocated to the project are not under threat.
So far, the GMNP management has not succeeded in selecting a construction company that would carry out the renovation of the museum. The second invitation to tender was issued in summer this year, as all bids submitted by companies in the first tender had greatly exceeded the price that had previously been estimated at CZK 65 million. The bids were over 100 million Czech crowns.
The museum, which is located in a former Augustinian monastery and comes under the GMNP management, has been closed since autumn 2017. The company that will eventually win the contract should supply the building work included in the project. The total costs, which include the installation of a new exhibition space, are estimated to be around CZK 210 million. When the exhibition rooms are swapped, the now cleared-out building is set to house the GMNP's visitor centre by the end of 2021.
The renovated museum, complete with a new interactive exhibition that would display the story of nature and mountain settlers, as well as to follow up from the ‘Rock and Life’ exhibition, should serve visitors as a ceremonial gate to the Giant Mountains. The visitor centre will provide information about the past and present of the Giant Mountains in the most comprehensible way and motivate people to both discover and protect the mountains. It should also serve as a traditional museum. The centre will be available as a venue for concerts, festivals, theatre performances and lectures under the open sky. Building a new entrance into the building, a new research room and a café is also included in the plans.
Toyota still believes in hydrogen, the second generation of the Mirai is coming
The Toyota Mirai was never going to stay just a concept. Toyota have been so serious about the vehicle that they included it in their offer even when there was practically no hydrogen fuelling infrastructure in place. Granted, the offer was not completely standard as customers had to specifically go for this vehicle, but no-one else was offering an option like this at the time.
Toyota's Chairman Takeshi Uchiyamada confirmed at the international conference on hydrogen that the new generation of the vehicle is coming next year. Toyota still believes that these cars are the future and within ten years their price will be comparable to that of hybrids. This naturally goes hand in hand with developing a network of fuelling stations. Still, the future lies in both hydrogen and electric power.
During the conference, the word hydrogen was often mentioned in connection with the need of environmentally friendly power source not for passenger cars but conversely for big trucks, ships, trains, etc. In short, those vehicles that need to overcome long distances after filling up the tank. This option is simply not available in the purely accumulator version. Toyota could then find new markets thanks to years of experience and long-term development.
We should also mention that Hyundai also believe in hydrogen power source in the same way Toyota does. Hyundai now has the Nexo hydrogen crossover on offer.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Pick the right tone of lipstick: there are many shades of red
When choosing red lipstick, you should determine first whether you are a warm or cool colour type. Try a simple test – look at the veinlets on your wrist. If they are bluish, you are a cool colour type. If they are greenish, you are a warm colour type. When picking a new red lipstick, make sure you realize, before anything else, which undertone category you are in. Only then should you consider the texture.
If you are one of those women who are in the cool undertone category, then violet, plum, cherry or mauve shade coloured lipstick will suit you most.
If you are in the warm colour skin category, go for a lipstick colour that is also warm. Those are the ones that are coloured in the tones of orange, coral, gold and brown.
You may as well be the type of woman who has veinlets of both colours, green and blue. In this case, you can congratulate yourself – you don't have to consider your undertone and can just concentrate on your own colour preferences.
A calculated smear campaign? Ústí and Labem Zoo is looking for a new veterinarian, nobody wants the job
Most recently at end of this month. The city council leaders put it down to the rumours that have emerged around Václav Poživil, the former director of the Zoological Gardens and a veterinarian in one person. The rumours assert that he was intentionally killing exotic animals in his care. Some of the animals in question were the female rhinoceros Zamba, female elephant Kala and male orangutan Ňuňák.
The City Council has therefore called for new bids. "A contract for veterinary care in the Zoological Gardens at an estimated value of CZK 3.5 million without the VAT, and a contract for the city's Animals in Need Centre at an estimated value of CZK 2.8 million without the VAT," clarified Romana Macová, a city council spokeswoman.
Deputy Mayor Věra Nechybová (Ústí Citizens Forum) explained that this was the third time the city council had invited bids for a veterinary care contract. "Doctor Poživil had to explain the unfounded accusations. In my opinion, they are outrageous claims designed to defame a good-quality expert," she commented.
She says that there are only very few people who specialize in exotic animals. "This is definitely nothing pleasant. For the time being, the Zoological Gardens provide veterinary care by way of outsourcing," she stated. Both outsourcing and having a contract cost the same. "However, the Gardens must comply with the law on public procurement in the matters that concern financing," explained Nikola Roštejnská, a zoo spokeswoman.
Václav Poživil ranks among highly regarded specialists. He took part in, for instance, a unique operation, during which Ústí's female cheetah Jane received a total hip replacement, as the first cheetah in the world. He was the Director of the Zoo from 2009 to 2012. He has made no comment on the anonymous slurs about him. Yesterday, he wasn't accepting any phone calls nor responding to any text messages.
In the matter of the zoo contract, some veterinary surgeons are of the opinion that the potential lack of interest in taking up the job may not necessarily be down to fear of similar calculated accusations as is in his case, but simply due to low awareness. For instance, Jiří Král, a veterinarian in Ústí, has not heard of it until now. "The first time I've heard about it is now from you. Nobody has contacted us. Information about a matter like this usually travels around fast, I think," he added.
The D line to be overseen by a new architect for the metro, she brings in experience from the London Underground
The Prague Transport Company has chosen an architect who will oversee the visual aspect of the metropolitan metro. As of October, the job position will be filled by Anna Švarc. Her primary task is to design the visual look of the new D line, though she'll be in charge of the existing stations too. She believes that the metro should not be viewed as a transportation structure only; she thinks that travelling by underground should be an aesthetic experience, as well.
The Czech architect, who also worked on, for example, the renovation of three London Underground stations, was awarded the tender issued by the Prague Transport Company (PTC).
She submitted her tender alongside other 14 bidders. "Submitting a motivational letter and my CV was also part of the procedure. It was probably my previous work experience in London that was the deciding factor. In a team of three people, I worked on a sort of aesthetics manual for their tube," clarifies the new metro architect. She thinks that her work experience in the Prague Institute of Planning and Development could also have been a contributing factor in the decision.
She doesn't see the metro as a transportation structure serving one purpose only. Stations should have an aesthetic value too.
"I have some ideas about what can be changed in the metro and how to improve the space. But I will only be told by the transport company in the next few weeks what their procedure is and what ideas they have," says Švarc.
"These are recommendations, rather than a series of dogmas. The recommendations are there to mainly ensure that all stations are kept to a similar style in case they are ever refurbished," she interprets the design manual.
The question of whether a similar tool would be the right path for improving the public space in the Prague Metro remains to be answered. The Prague Metro is very specific. "I really can't tell right now whether the manual is the ideal, or whether a known personality would take it from here," concludes Švarc.
Former French President Chirac will be buried on Monday, the public can pay their respects on Sunday
The funeral of the former French President Jacques Chirac, who died on Thursday at the age of 86, will be held at the Montparnasse cemetery in Paris on Monday evening, reported the French media referencing Chirac's family. The ceremony will be private.
The public can say their last goodbyes to the former Head of State during a tribute ceremony at the Invalides Monument in Paris on Sunday afternoon, where Chirac's body will lie in state, Élysée Palace has announced.
According to the AFP news agency, crowds of people have been flowing into the President's residence since Thursday evening in order to sign a book of condolence. They can do so until Sunday. President Emmanuel Macron declared Monday a national day of mourning.
Meanwhile, more reactions to the death of the former Mayor of Paris and President, who served between 1995 and 2007, are coming from both France and abroad. Prime Minister Édouard Philippe described him as "a Frenchman in every sense of the word".
Chirac was also remembered by the Japanese, since the politician was known there for his love of their country and sumo. The news of the former French President's passing appeared on the front pages of all Japanese daily newspapers, including the sports papers, notes the French press.
The Museum of Tribal Arts in Quai Branly in Paris, founded by Chirac, will not be charging entrance fees for ten days, in honour of the former Head of State.
Late-ripening pumpkins hold up the opening of Pumpkin World
Nová Ves u Leštiny (Havlíčkův Brod area) – Pumpkin World at a farm in Nová Ves u Leštiny in the Havlíčkův Brod area opens today and will stay open for visitors for over a month. Huge orange pyramids stand out among thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins arranged in decorative displays in the garden. The autumnal event, which has now become a tradition, starts a week later this year, because the pumpkins in the nearby seven hectares of field that belong to the Pipek family took longer to ripe. Many are still in the fields now, Jaroslava Pipková told the ČTK.
The Pipeks grow a range of pumpkin varieties; however, the weather hasn't been on their side in the past two years. This year's harvest was delayed, resulting in some varieties not doing so well. "We have enough orange pumpkins for Halloween as we always do, but some gourmet varieties didn't turn out well," said Pipková. In spite of that, there is an assortment of varieties to choose from at the farm; from the aforementioned large pumpkins that may also be used for scooping and ornamental carving, over culinary Hokkaido pumpkins and long "spaghetti-like" varieties, to decorative gourds of different shapes and colours.
Growing pumpkins is laborious work. Farmers hoe the plants and pick the fruits by hand, cutting the pumpkins off their stems with shears. The Pipeks have been opening their Pumpkin World to visitors regularly since 2010, attracting thousands of people over the years. The pumpkin decorations are complemented by straw attractions and log mazes. Visitors can also see farm animals which are kept there. The place will be open daily until 3rd November.
More details about the event are available on the farm's website, which also features the growers' recipes for pumpkin meals, including treats like muffins and pumpkin juice. More ways of cooking and preparing pumpkins are often shared by visitors themselves. "Many home cooks have their own tried-and-tested recipes, and we are happy to be inspired by them," said Pipková, adding that some housewives also pickle pumpkins in sour brine like gherkins.
Fixed luncheon contributions planned by the Ministry from 2021. There will be no changes in taxation
The Ministry of Finance is drafting an amendment to the Income Tax Act, which would see employees receive money for meals directly. According to the Ministry of Finance, a quarter of all employees, who do not currently receive luncheon vouchers, i.e. about a million people, would then receive contributions towards their meals.
However, David Rýc, the Chairman of the Association of Voucher System Providers, says that many small businesses that do not have a canteen and do not provide luncheon vouchers cater for their employees either with food deliveries or deals with restaurants.
"The cornerstone of this proposal is that there will be no changes to tax benefits. Furthermore, the contributions will not be subject to the health and social insurance," said Schillerová on Friday, adding that the threshold for maximum contributions from employers, claimed as tax relief, would be kept.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay up to 55 per cent of the luncheon voucher value. The rest of the price is paid by employees. In some cases, employers choose to pay the rest of the value, but they can't claim tax relief on it. This year, the most advantageous value of a luncheon voucher for both employees and employers is 123 Czech crowns.
Přindiš, Prskavec and Fišerová have secured their qualification for the World Championship semi-finals MS
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec, as well as canoeist Tereza Fišerová have secured their qualification for the semi-finals at the Canoe Slalom World Championship in Seu d'Urgell. Přindiš placed fourth in Friday's qualification rounds, Prskavec fifth and Fišerová eighth. Three other Czech national team members will attempt to secure their places in the semi-finals in the repechage qualifying run in Spain in the afternoon.
Vavřinec Hradilek, a member of our strong national kayak team, did not succeed. He received a 50-second penalty right at the start of the run for a wrong pass through a gate. By contrast, Přindiš and Prskavec can relax and concentrate on the semi-finals set to take place on Sunday.
"I had set myself a goal to place above thirtieth in the first run, which I managed to do. Not that I wouldn't care where I placed exactly, because we are starting very early on Sunday, so I had hoped that I'd finish a little higher to have a better starting point," said Přindiš praising the relaxed atmosphere in Seu. " Before the team race, I felt at the lowest point in the two weeks I've been here. Then during the race I felt good again, and it's even better today. The weather has been beautiful here the whole time, the race is nice, the spectators have turned up, so everything is alright," he smiled.
Prskavec was also happy with his result. "The most important thing in the qualifying rounds is not to make a needless mistake. I wasn't doing so well in the first gates. I negotiated the middle section very well, with no problems, and I knew I had covered quite a lot by then. Then I made my second mistake, when I wanted to go downstream straight and went backwards instead. Overall, I can't be dissatisfied. I'm in good form, so we'll see how it goes," said this year's total winner of the World Cup.
Both national team members were glad they would start towards the end of the semi-final block on Sunday. "I'm not an early riser, and what's more, mornings are cold here. When you're supposed to be here at eight, you must wear a jacket and jumper," said Přindiš. "The whole semi-finals are an hour and a half long, which is a good contrast in terms of sleep," agreed Prskavec.
Fišerová was the only one to succeed out of the three single canoeists. Eva Říhová finished two places below the qualifying twentieth place, and Kateřina Havlíčková placed 35th. "I went down the upper course according to my plan, then I felt that I was a bit slower in the middle section and didn't follow my plan. But then I managed to get into a comfortable stream that I wanted to follow. I did two strokes and ended up just below the winner in terms of net time. I have a good starting point for the semi-finals," Fišerová relished.
Coal will give way to natural gas and nuclear power. Renewable resources do not meet the increased demand, says the Head of ExxonMobil Europe
Renewable resources in Czechia are not large enough to cover the future demand for energy. Due to the unfavourable climate here, wind and solar power plants need to be supplemented with alternative resources, such as those using natural gas.
Philippe Ducom said this in an interview for the HN. He is the President of the European branch of the U.S. ExxonMobil group, one of the largest global oil companies. He also mentioned that large repositories that could store power for later use, i.e. power not needed during the days when there is enough sunshine and wind, are still far too expensive.
Ducom visited the ExxonMobil centre in Prague, where 1,200 people are employed. The centre is there to provide support for the company's business activities, and secure logistics and other services needed for the operation of the company.
Announcing the end of the right wing in the Chamber, or rather: What do you mean by a "right-wing" coalition of the ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
Reports of an upcoming coalition of the above parties have recently been emerging in the media and from some commentators. Many are applauding the fact that "the right wingers" are finally getting their act together, but I would like to ask why these parties are still called right-wing.
Leaving the new Trikolora movement aside, there are in fact no real right-wing parties in the Czech Chamber of Deputies. It really does not matter what the individual entities call themselves, or what labels the mainstream media keeps regurgitating for them. The ODS, and its average top politicians, is in the centre only with difficulty. The TOP 09 is without doubt a party of the urban pseudo-liberal left (but being ashamed of its left-wing politics it hypocritically calls itself a conservative, or even, right-wing party). The STAN is a party whose concept, ideology and voter targeting are pretty much identical to those of the TOP 09 (I simply don't understand why the party exists at all). And the KDU has even been labelling itself as centrist for some time now – although its political compass swings much more to the left than their members like to say.
Do you think that I am tarring them all with the same brush? Not at all. I based my opinion on the actual political steps taken by these parties. As I consider myself a classically liberal right-wing voter, I value the freedom of an individual, a free market and minimal government intervention in the lives of individuals and the economy. To what extent do the said parties meet the requirements to classify as right-wing? How many acts of law that limit people's freedoms using salami tactics, increase taxes, approve new regulations and growing control, enhance ties to the socialist EU and support eco and gender madness have they supported in recent years? A large amount of them, really large. A party's identity is determined by its actions, not self-imposed labels. These parties seek to strengthen the role of the state in our lives via all kinds of declarations or partial concessions. This has nothing to do with right-wing politics.
I would not be surprised to see a working coalition of the TOP 09, STAN and KDU. They simply belong together on the political map. Ignoring the Christian, or reversely the pro-gay and gender aspects of the parties, I don't really see much of a difference in them in terms of their stance towards the impact of the state on their voters' lives. However, the ODS has been projecting itself for some time as "the only right-wing party". By associating itself with the other three entities, the ODS is now openly showing its true colours and the political bracket it is in.
By the way, having mentioned labels briefly, did you notice how often these parties are in full agreement and put cheap labels on critics of the dirigisme and socialism coming from the EU, and call those critics pro-Russian agents? These parties cannot, or simply do not want to, understand that there are many people who want to steer clear of Eurosocialism and increasing absence of freedom, as well as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Is it possible that these parties hide their total inability to make a valid argument, and their unfounded or blind adoration of EU ways?
In essence, it may be possible that politics other than centre politics does not have a chance of big success in the Czech Republic anymore. Maybe voters really want parties to group together. Maybe they want centre-left politics disguised as "right-wing", because they are ashamed of their political views (or are unable to identify them). I don't know. But I am definitely not one of those voters.
An unexplained death of a girl (†8) in the Příbram area: The perpetrator goes unpunished
Unsolved cases are referred to as "cold cases" in criminal investigation jargon. However, even those cases are re-opened if new information emerges years later. Especially, if it concerns the death of a child. In 1980, criminal investigator Jiří Markovič managed to solve a 12-year-old case of the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokop Valley. "A case dating back to 1955? That will be difficult, very difficult. To start off, the case file would have to be found, which may not even exist now, and we would need to speak to those who investigated the case back then. There is always hope, although it would be difficult indeed," says Markovič.
During the previous regime, not much information about violent crimes was released to the public. According to Markovič, however, this was by no means a sign of a lax attitude towards crime investigation. "It always depended on the individual people," the investigator thinks. What could pose a problem now is that the documentation dating back to the 1950s could have been destroyed in spite of the fact that unresolved cases should not be discarded.
Lucie Bílá's father never supported her dream. You won't believe what he wanted her to do for a living!
Those who don't know that the original profession of our national treasure Lucie Bílá (53) is a seamstress and that her real name is Hana Zaňáková probably don't live in the Czech Republic. Now, the singer herself has revealed that she almost ended up working in a glass factory!
Lucie Bílá knew from quite a young age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love for singing was born when she, as a little girl, performed in the Cultural House in her native Otvovice, where the vocalist still lives today.
"I can remember exactly where Mum was sitting. The singer in me was born on that day," she disclosed to Impuls Radio.
However, her dad was a little worried about the future of his daughter, so he kept recommending her to choose a useful trade, which is a mine of gold.
"Dad always said: 'A trade, my girl, go for a trade. Keep your feet on the ground!' He was even trying to convince me to find a job in the local glass factory. The glass factory is not in business anymore, but I'm doing alright. I am a qualified seamstress and make all kinds of bead rosaries and trinkets at home, which I then sell at auctions. I use the money from the auction sales to buy wheelchairs," she added laughing.
The launch of a new tolling system is not under threat, announces Kremlík, though the change of the operator is at play
On Friday, the Ministry of Transport started preparing a new tender to award a contract to operate a new tolling system. This is a backup plan the government will put into place in the event that the current toll contract is legally terminated. In addition to that, the government is working on another interim solution to be used if the tender is not completed in time, the Transport Minister, Vladimír Kremlík (ANO), has posted on Facebook.
On Thursday, the Office for Competition Protection (OCP) issued a ban, deferred for a year, on fulfilling the toll contract between the government and the consortium of CzechToll and SkyToll. The Ministry is going to appeal the ban.
"The launch of the new toll collection system is not under threat. As of today, we are starting to work on a new, transparent bidding procedure for a service contract to operate the new tolling system, currently finalised by the consortium of CzechToll and SkyToll," said the Minister.
The government's tender will seek a new operator of the tolling system that is currently being prepared and is due to be launched this December. Therefore, this is not a tender for a brand-new tolling system, as was the case in the last tender, nor utilizing the old system which is now operated by Kapsch.
According to Kremlík, the Ministry is also preparing for the possibility the new tender is not ready in time. "Based on the experience we have had in the tender process for a tolling system so far, I am absolutely sure that the OCP is misguided, as the 12-month period set out by them is objectively not enough for such a complicated bidding procedure to be prepared and completed, nor for the operation of the new tolling system to be handed over to a new operator," he said.
In addition to the new bidding procedure, the government department will also work on an interim solution, which would ensure toll collection over a temporary period until the government finds a fully-fledged solution.
At the moment, the government is therefore not likely to use the offer received in recent days from Kapsch, the current operator of the tolling system. The Austrian company had offered the government to run the existing system in case the toll contract is cancelled.
Kremlík also reiterated that he believed the backup plan would not be needed. The Ministry will thus appeal against the decision made by the antimonopoly authority.
The OCP issued a decision on Thursday, which banned the execution of the toll contract. However, the ban will come into force one year after the Office's decision becomes final and absolute by law. The decision itself is without prejudice and can be appealed against to the Chair of the Office. The Ministry and CzechToll therefore continue working on the new toll system, which is due to be launched in December.
In the tender held last year, the contract for a new tolling system and its operation was awarded to the consortium of CzechToll and SkyToll. The consortium won the tender for the tolling system with their bid of 10.75 billion Czech crowns for a 10-year operation. The current operator, Kapsch, which lost the tender with its bid exceeding 13 billion Czech crowns, contested the tender procedure and the validity of the toll contract.
I still feel like a boy who is just finding his feet, says Jan Cina
"All of us who worked on it learnt a lot. I fell in love with African dance during my time there. Because of my Romani heritage from my dad's side, I was completely enchanted by it," said Jan Cina, who sees himself more as a musical theatre actor.
The role of a decorator he plays in a new film, Národní třída, is much fresher in his memory than the První krok series. Cina has revealed that film director Štěpán Altrichter had to coax him a lot into taking the part. "It was hard work, but the result is worth it. The movie was made a year ago. Diligently and properly, but having fun at the same time. It was shot in National Avenue, where I drove a car despite not being a driver. We were also shooting a lot in Jižní město in Prague," he said about the Czech/German co-production feature film.
Despite having been nominated for the Thalia Award for his role in The Little Prince production, he doesn't consider himself at the pinnacle of his career. "I don't feel like I'm at the pinnacle. I still see myself as a boy who is just trying to find his feet. But the nomination was very pleasant and came as a surprise to me. I see the pinnacle far ahead of me," he said and revealed that he hadn't even thought about a thank-you speech in case he wins. "Not really, but when I was a child I always listened to discussion programmes on the radio and imagined myself talking to people like that."
Jan Cina has been living with his colleague, Petr Vančura, for thirteen years now. What is his recipe for a happy relationship? "Loving each other and seeing problems as a challenge and a good thing to be resolved," he divulged and cast his mind to the time his boyfriend fell off the stairs at the Czech Lion Awards ceremony.
"Yes, it really did happen. He had a new pair of slippery shoes, and the red carpet was slippery as well. So, it didn't take long for him to find himself on the floor. He managed to work it to his advantage. He ran a workshop called Vančura's Steps, where he taught how to safely fall off stairs at VIP events."
Děčín Zoo delighted at the birth of a baby macaque
"We have seven members in the troop at present. The youngest member was born on 17th August to a female called Buffy, as her fifth offspring. The father is a male macaque called Hitam. The first few days after giving birth, the mother carried her young closely to her body and wasn't keen on showing to the world whether it's a male or a female. When the young macaque was roughly three weeks old, she gradually started putting him down for short periods of time. Now, the keepers have known for a few days that it's a male," said Alena Houšková, a zoo spokeswoman, and added that 12 young of this species were successfully reared at the Děčín Zoo already.
The crested black macaque is a species that is endemic to Sulawesi Island, which means that it is not found in the wild anywhere else in the world. Its characteristic feature is its black fur and a spiked crest on the head, which the species is named after. Crested black macaques live in rainforests, predominantly at low altitudes.
Similarly to other primates, they eat both meat and plant-based food. Their diet largely consists of woody plant fruit, which they supplement with flowers and leaves. They get their protein from small arthropods, larvae and, to a smaller extent, young birds and bird eggs.
"Aside from their natural enemy, the python, humans are again to blame for everything else. The locals hunt macaques for their fur, and are seen by them as popular prey with tasty meat. What is also fatal for these animals is the burning and deforestation of rainforests," added the spokeswoman.
Germany reports the first case of West Nile fever infection transmitted by a mosquito within the country. There is a link to climate change
Mosquitoes may also pass on diseases other than West Nile fever, such as malaria.
On Friday, Germany reported its first case whereby a person has contracted West Nile fever after an infected mosquito bite within Germany, informed the DPA agency. Up until now, all patients have had the virus passed on during travelling abroad or by contact with infected animals. Experts say that the watershed case of infection is linked to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute has announced that a 70-year-old man from Saxony contracted the virus. The course of the disease was severe in the man, who was hospitalized in Leipzig due to an inflammation of the brain. He is healthy now.
The West Nile fever virus was first discovered in Uganda in 1937. It then spread to large areas of Africa, Asia and Europe; and in the 1990s to the USA as well. The virus is carried predominantly by birds, and by mosquitoes that contract it from the birds' infected blood.
Managers of state-run companies are to undergo selection procedures now. The law will be possible to evade, claims the opposition
"This is a typical bill that is pointless," said Zbyněk Stanjura, the Chairman of the Civic Democratic Party parliamentary political group.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the Lower House passed amendments that should prevent a non-transparent allocation of posts – critics say cronyism – in state-run companies in the future. The applicants should newly undergo a selection process in the particular ministry and be assessed by a government committee for personal nominations.
However, this is a compromise solution, which parties like the Civic Democratic Party are not fond of, as it will supposedly allow ministers to shift the blame onto the selection committee for any potential wrong choices of state managers. Furthermore, the opinion of the said committee will not be binding for the minister. The new bill is to be approved by the Senate and signed by President Miloš Zeman.
Přerov: A driver crashed near the village of Kokory: He died stuck in his Fabia
A tragic road accident occurred on a straight stretch of the road between Přerov and the village of Kokory on Friday. The 28-year-old Fabia driver lost control of his car and steered off the road. The car overturned leaving the driver stuck inside. He succumbed to the injuries sustained.
"Based on the initial information gathered on the site, a passenger car heading to Kokory steered off the road, where it turned onto its roof leaving the driver stuck underneath the car," said Miluše Zajícová, a Přerov Police spokeswoman, to the novinky.cz online newspaper.
So where are the spectators? Doha can't be London
It is a step back at the same time. By moving to Doha, athletics has voluntarily and knowingly given up the thrilling atmosphere present in the sold-out London stadium in 2017, as well as in the European Championship in Berlin last year.
Gigantic banners displayed on skyscraper walls in Doha invite us to the "biggest sporting event of 2019". However, concerns about how dignified its backdrop will be are growing.
"All tickets for the seats behind the finish line are sold out for all evenings," claim the organizers.
That's not enough, though.
The top section of the 40,000-seater Khalifa Stadium is now covered with multicoloured sheets, which display the flags of 209 participating countries. By coming to Qatar, athletics has entered territory where it has no roots despite the annual Diamond League meetings.
Therefore, we can hardly be surprised that last week only 50,000 tickets in total were sold for the ten days of the championship in spite of their price starting at 60 Qatari riyal, which is just under 400 Czech crowns.
The organizers have now set themselves a target whereby they aim to fill up the uncovered parts of the stadium at least up to a half. The Guardian, a British daily newspaper, reports that the organizers are allegedly giving away tickets to migrant workers and children for free (though the organizers deny this claim). This is something Sebastian Coe, the President of the IAAF athletics association, is able to put a positive spin on: "This could be a way to inspire new-coming generations."
In the past, wealthy Qatar was awarded to hold the world championships in handball and cycling. After the athletics event, it will also host football in 2022. Financial offers from the oil superpower are always lucrative even for rich sport federations. Such is the reality of today's world of sport.
Even if we accept this reality and ignore the absence of fans in the stadium, purely from the sport side of things we can't help but sigh over the fact that this experiment, i.e. the first outdoor World Athletics Championship in the Arabian Peninsula, should have been timed better by the leaders of the IAAF – and held in a different year. By holding the event so extremely late, which was necessitated by the climate, the entire schedule of the pre-Olympic year season has been disrupted. As a consequence of that, the preparation for the key Olympic season, which would normally begin for athletes in October, will be disrupted too.
Perhaps Qatar will at least compensate for this with technological innovations, which promise to bring us a state-of-the-art and attractive championship. Is it 37 degrees right now? Even now, the stadium area is being artificially air-conditioned down to 24 degrees. Advanced cameras, built in each starting block, will show close-ups of athletes during the few hundredths of a second before and just after the starting shot to television viewers too.
Sparta are really energetic this year, acknowledges Hradec defender Nedomlel
In his case, the increased motivation is more than understandable. Richard Nedomlel, Hradec's ice-hockey defenceman, will play in the Friday match against the club he played for not so long ago. However, the former Sparta player is sure that his team-mates are going to be just as spirited as he is, even though they have never worn the Prague club's jersey.
"Everybody wants to put on a great game when they're playing against Sparta," says the Hradec defenceman before the match of the 5th Extra League round.
Hradec Králové will try to extend their series of victories, which presently come to three three-point victories in a row. After Kladno and Pilsen, Sunday saw a victory that was most appreciated by fans. Mountfield went to neighbouring Pardubice to get it.
"We can't keep looking back at the past matches. We need to concentrate on the matches that are ahead of us now, and keep the same level of play, if not better," points out the Hradec defenceman.
The Hradec players should not keep looking back at last year's scores with Sparta either. They lost three out of four matches, and won points only once in extra time after a victory in Prague. In addition to this, Sparta's management put a few more great players on the team in the summer and expects the team to return to the top.
"Sparta have always had good-quality players, and let's face it, they are really full of energy this year," admits Nedomlel before the first match at the end of this week.
What about the second match? A hard slog as well; awaiting Mountfield in Třinec on Sunday afternoon.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has hidden Bitcoins and does not know what to do with them
Venezuela's central bank is running internal tests to determine whether it can hold cryptocurrencies. The bank is responding to the request of state-run Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which is seeking to send Bitcoin and Ethereum to the central bank. The bank could then pay the oil company's suppliers with cryptocurrencies. Their employees are also studying proposals that would allow the central bank to count cryptocurrencies towards foreign exchange reserves, now near a three-decade low. Bloomberg has reported the above with reference to information acquired from four sources.
U.S. sanctions against President Nicholás Maduro's authoritarian regime have largely isolated Venezuela from the global financial system, exacerbating the country's economic crisis. The current crisis, which is one of the most severe crises in the world, has forced the officials to apply a medley of different methods to move money around. While Maduro's plans to start the world's first state cryptocurrency failed, the continued efforts to use digital currencies show how desperate the government is to come up with a way to evade the restrictions.
Neither Venezula's central bank nor PDVSA have replied to requests for comment.
It's unclear how PDVSA came to own Bitcoin and Ethereum, or what the value of its cryptocurrency holdings is. The company has struggled to get paid by customers via conventional channels because major banks are hesitant to do business with sanctioned entities. Last month, the company received most of a 700 million U.S. dollar payment (16.6 billion Czech crowns) in Chinese yuan, because the parties had struggled to find financial institutions which would facilitate the transaction.
PDVSA may be hesitant to sell cryptocurrencies on the open market as this would require the company to register with a stock exchange and subject itself to an in-depth check procedure called due diligence. Instead, it wants the central bank to use cryptocurrency for paying the entities that are owed by PDVSA. The oil company's officials believe that the central bank is less exposed to potential blocks which could emerge when paying with cryptocurrency.
Bitcoin and Ethereum use decentralized online ledgers, known as blockchain, to verify and record transactions. In some cases that allows for relatively anonymous transfers without the need for a middleman. Only few banks touch digital currencies because of money laundering issues and know-your-customer complexities that come with it, which make compliance with regulations more difficult.
After the debacle of 2018, cryptocurrencies are making a comeback this year, thanks to expectations of greater institutional adoption and Facebook's plan to launch its own cryptocurrency, but remain quite volatile. While Bitcoin has plummeted by almost 20 per cent in the last four days, it's still up around 130 per cent since the beginning of this year.
Neckermann cancelling all flights, five hundred Czech clients affected
Neckermann is cancelling flights due to Britain's Thomas Cook and its German subsidiary going to insolvency.
"Thomas Cook s.r.o., a Czech company trading as Neckermann Travel Agency, has not filed for insolvency," stated Šrámek in a press release.
"However, Neckermann Travel Agency is forced to cancel more planned departures of its clients," he said and added that all departures from 26th September to 6th October are currently affected.
According to Šrámek, cancelling the flights will impact on roughly 500 clients. He also says that the 800 Neckermann clients who are currently stranded abroad will be "taken care of, and their safe return to the Czech Republic will be provided by way of their scheduled flight".
The travel agency has admitted that some clients were asked to pay for their accommodation. "In cases like this, it is necessary for our clients to contact the Neckermann Travel Agency SOS line without delay," added Šrámek.
Thomas Cook collapsed on Monday. Nonetheless, in August the travel agency made a deal which would have seen its creditors put GBP 900 million into the company.
Half of the amount was supposed to be acquired from Fosun Tourism, a Chinese company that would have become a majority owner of the agency. The other half was supposed to be provided by bond holders and creditors' banks. However, as soon after as 20th September a piece of information emerged that the creditors had asked the travel agency to acquire a GBP 200 million reserve, otherwise the deal was off. On Monday, the company made an announcement that it went bankrupt.
A non-violent homeless woman killed under a bridge. The police are looking for witnesses
According to the Prague Police, the murder occurred sometime between the early evening hours on Tuesday and early Wednesday morning. The police have issued an appeal for potential witnesses who may have seen something relevant during the specified period of time.
"Some of the drivers who were passing across the bridge between Libeň and Žižkov, or along Pod Krejcárkem Street, may have recorded the murderer on their dashcam, for instance. There may be witnesses who perhaps only saw the murderer and could give us his/her description. Basically, we welcome any witness evidence related to this case and will accept the information on the 158 emergency line," said Jan Daněk, a spokesman for the Regional Police Headquarters.
According to spokesman Daněk, the murdered homeless woman avoided conflicts, didn't drink alcohol and generally preferred her own company. She was murdered in her rough sleeping spot. "She was mostly moving around Krejcárek, Palmovka and Holešovice, and used to carry large blue shopping bags with her," Daněk added the victim's description, which could help find potential witnesses.
Slovakia's appeal successful, they get away with a fine only for racist abuse
The Slovak Football Association has succeeded in their appeal against their stadium closure, a penalty imposed for racist chants by fans. The national team was originally set to play the European Championship qualifying match against Wales in an empty stadium without spectators. Instead, the Association is now required to pay only a 15-thousand-euro fine (approx. 387 thousand Czech crowns).
The UEFA disciplinary committee penalised Slovakia and Hungary for their fans' behaviour at their recent qualifying match against each other in Budapest. The visiting team led by Czech coach Pavel Hapal won 2-1. The committee decided that both associations will close their stadiums for one match, and Slovakia was required to pay a 20-thousand-euro fine, while Hungary a 67-thousand-euro fine.
After they appealed, the Slovaks are only required to pay 15 thousand euros for their abusive political chants. The nearest match between the national team and Wales in the European Championship qualifiers, played in Trnava on 10th October, will thus be open to the fans.
Basketball players fail to reach a medal position in the Under-17s World Championship, they placed fourth
The third Under-17s World Championship was won by the USA again, whose team closely defeated Spain 77-75, in spite of the 40 points achieved by one of the Spanish players, Angela Salvadores.
"We really wanted to win and not get a copper medal, but maybe we were too desperate for it. We started off well, but didn't manage to keep the level, as they wiped the floor with us under the basket," captain Karolína Malečková said with regret. "Playing in front of such an audience was an incredible experience, though," she praised the fans in Klatovy and Pilsen.
The Czech players had a strong start and were in the lead 8-0 thanks to two three-pointers. They dominated the court throughout the whole first quarter. During that time, it looked like they were going to repay their opponents the defeat 85-88 at the group stage in overtime. However, the referees signalled 15 fouls in a half-time, and their disputable decisions helped Hungary return to the game with a 12-2 streak.
"I'm sure that scoring two or three more times and gaining 20 points would have been enough for us to remain on top. Instead, we made mistakes. I don't care about the decisions made by the referees. I am more interested in what we did wrong. There were mistakes on our part, which helped the opposing team players seize their chance," coach Richard Fousek evaluated the match.
"This wasn't the first time we have had a lapse in concentration. But the girls are fighters. They didn't ease off, and they kept fighting right to the end. The opposing team had very skilled players, though," he added.
It was mainly Petra Holešínská, with her accurate long distance shots, and pivot player Tereza Šípová who were the leading players in the Czech team. The best Czech scorer had problems with fouls, though, and was absent from the court for the most part of the third quarter. The Hungarian players used this to their advantage and gained a slight head start, which they held on to despite the Czechs fighting to the last seconds.
"The first five matches were very challenging for us. We kept turning the game in tight rotations, which cost us a lot of strength. By the time they played against Spain, it was apparent that the girls were tired and had no reserves to dip into. Because of the state of their fitness they were not thorough in their defence. Their counterattack wasn't fast, and there was no rebound. In addition, the Hungarian players are so good that if you fail to pull everything together, you can hardly win," added Fousek.
He believes that his charges have a promising future ahead of them. "In the past two years, the girls managed to win the Youth Olympic Games, place second in the Under-16s European Championship, and now they have won the fourth place in the World Championship. By our standards, this is a good-quality team with a good character. We need to work with them further and develop their talent. It is now up to the federation which coach they will allocate to them in higher categories," added Fousek.
End of political cronyism? Critics say the new law won't help anyway!
However, some opposition members of Parliament say that the law would be more likely to encourage Ministers to shift their responsibility in choosing the candidates and carry on selecting their own candidates.
A greater transparency during selection procedures for posts in state-run companies – this is one of the aims of the Nomination Act, voted for by 119 members of Parliament. The bill was approved mainly thanks to the ANO, KSČM, Social Democrats and even the Pirate Party.
Candidates applying for jobs in state-run companies will have to undergo a selection procedure run by a government committee. The Pirate Party was among those seeking to make the committee's recommendation binding for Ministers. However, this has not been included in the bill in the end.
The Civic Democrats and the SPD movement are concerned that the Nomination Act will play into the hands of the Ministers. "The Ministers will now be able to hide behind a decision reached by the committee without bearing the responsibility for clear transparency," thinks Tomio Okamura, the Chairman of the SPD. Martin Kupka, the Deputy Chairman of the ODS, talks in similar terms.
The government committee would completely reject those candidates who fail to meet the requirements, which include having a clean criminal record, no debts and a minimum age of 25. The main selection criterion should also be the candidates' level of expertise in the field.
The bill is set to go to the Senate for approval and then it must be signed by the President.
A heavy competition for the Škoda Kamiq. The Kia XCeed is banking on its wide range of features, at what price?
The Kia XCeed is a model that is relatively hard to assign a category to. It is definitely a compact SUV; however, it does not have a four-wheel drive. This feature is left to its bigger sibling, the Sportage, which is a direct answer to cars like the Škoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X and Volkswagen Tiguan. Compared to those, the XCeed is banking on its more dynamic shape of the bodywork, whose sloping rear may remotely resemble the world of the SUV Coupé, made popular in this part of the market with the premium brands, such as the Audi, BMW and Mercedes-Benz.
On the other hand, the XCeed cannot be grouped together with the plastic-covered versions of classical compacts, such as the Ford Focus Active. In contrast, the Koreans have made many more changes to the bodywork, so those who do not want to recognise it as the Ceed in a new shape, probably do not have to.
Unlike the compact hatchback or the Ceed Estate, the XCeed also exclusively offers forced-induction engines, so do not expect a basic, naturally aspirated 1.4-litre engine. The XCeed starts on a force-induction one-litre engine and also offers a force-induction 1.6-litre engine with 150 kW, the GT version reserved for its siblings. Do not expect to find a sports mode here. The Turbo Diesel 1.6 CRDi is only offered as a mild-hybrid, which means that the combustion engine is assisted by an electric power set, which helps reduce the fuel consumption and emissions. From 100 kW onwards, it is also possible, in addition to a manual transmission, to pay extra for a seven-gear, dual-clutch automatic transmission.
There will soon be a plug-in hybrid version as well, which will be able to go about 60 kilometres powered by electricity only. The batteries can also be charged in an ordinary plug socket.
Simona Krainová: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucie Bílá!
A day before the launch of her calendar titled Fuck the Age! Simona Krainová released her latest photographs in which she is fully naked. "I was a little afraid of people judging me for posing in nude at my age. You see, I am quite a shy person. But so far, I've only had positive reactions. I wanted to show women that where there's a will, there's a way. You can have a toned figure even at the age of 46. Of course, it's hard work and sacrifice, but there is no way around it."
"Lukáš Dvořák took about three thousand pictures of me, then we selected about a hundred of them, twelve of which are in the calendar, so the rest will have to wait for their moment. This is definitely not the last time I've posed naked," the fashion model told the Blesk. She turned up to the launch event in a very revealing outfit, as well.
She wore a long blazer by Bernhardt with a pair of shorts underneath. The shorts were completely out of sight, so she appeared to have forgotten the bottom part of her outfit. With her legs toned thanks to her daily jogging routine, she gets away with wearing outfits like this.
Simona was so happy about the success that she kept kissing everyone she met at the launch. Her husband, friends, and even Slavík-Award winner Lucie Bílá.
Auto-Tune has brought the voice of a digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, claims the title of a lengthy piece written for the Huffington Post website by Michael Hobbes, with images by Finlay Mackay. His provocative caption underneath explains that for decades, the medical community has ignored the facts about obesity to wage a cruel (and futile) war on overweight people, which both scarred the public perception and ruined many lives. It is time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes outlines right at the beginning is the fact that often a long, exhausting journey lies between the knowing and understanding of facts and putting them into practice. In reference to this, he mentions scurvy, a disease some 17th-century sea captains believed could be prevented by consuming lemons, limes and oranges, so they distributed them among their crew. However, the British Navy, wary of the expanding cost, stopped this practice. The effects of fruit on the prevention and treatment of the disease was clearly proved in the mid-18th century, though it wasn't until a further fifty years that the Navy took the information on board. Seat belts existed long before the automobile was invented but weren't mandatory in cars until the 1960s. Similarly, the first confirmed death from asbestos exposure was recorded in 1906, but it was not banned until 1973.
"Every discovery in public health – no matter how significant – had to compete with the traditions, assumptions and financial incentives of the society implementing it," Hobbes writes. In U.S. society, nearly 80 per cent of the adult population and about one third of children now meet the definition of overweight or obese. More Americans live with obesity than with breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and HIV put together.
Still, obesity is viewed as a distinctly personal failing of individuals, who are told that they are putting a strain on the health care system and shrinking the GDP. The fear of becoming fat is so great among the population that it drives Americans to spend more on dieting than they spend on video games and movies. The truth is, though, that diets do not work. Since 1959, research has shown that 95 to 98 per cent of attempts to lose weight fail, and two thirds of dieters gain back more than they lost.
Armed with statistical data, Hobbes goes on describing the lifestyle and trauma of overweight people. The personal meets the systematic here – for instance, future doctors at medical schools receive an average of just 19 hours of nutrition education over the whole period of study. This is happening while 60 per cent of the calories Americans consume come from ultra-processed food, i.e. foods which have undergone significant food processing.
The obesity stigma can be seen in doctor's surgeries, where overweight people are usually given shorter appointments, doctors show less empathy for them and see them as more problematic patients.
However, excess weight gain is not just an American problem by a long shot. Hobbes writes that since 1980, the obesity rate has doubled in 73 countries and increased in 113 others across the world. And in all that time, no country has reduced its obesity rate, or stop it from growing. Not one.
Brno Grand Prix? Ticket price rise threat
The most expensive item to be paid before the Grand Prix is the annual listing fee. This year, the fee was around 115 million Czech crowns. "Masses of people who come to Brno to see the Grand Prix spend money here for their accommodation, food and leisure activities, which should more or less balance out the cost associated with the organization of the event, including the listing fee," economist Petr Pelc evaluated the situation.
He says that holding the race is also beneficial in that it brings tourists into the city. "There aren't that many world tourist attractions in Brno. The Grand Prix pulls in visitors from abroad as well. The race is as much important for Brno as Tuřany Airport or the exhibition centre, for example. And those projects are funded from public money," added the economist.
Brno Grand Prix
– the costs in the past five years: CZK 686 million
– the profits in the past five years: CZK 682 million
– problems: insufficient funds for the organization of the event, rising cost of the listing fee charged by the promoter, Dorna
– possible solutions: more funding from the government, utilizing some spaces for advertising, increasing ticket prices
– current situation: talks in progress over a new five-year contract to hold the race
According to the Head of the Public Administration Institute, Filip Hrůza, the organizers must now assess whether the race brings benefits to Brno. "The Grand Prix draws money from public funds for other purposes. To some extent, this is a political issue, not an economic one," he thinks.
The cost associated with the motoring event may be even higher in the future. There is a possibility that the listing fee will go up to almost a double of what it's now.
"The situation hasn't been resolved yet. We must try to come to an agreement with Dorna on the best possible conditions. It also depends on how much the government is willing to contribute towards the organization of the race. If it came to any of the worst-case scenarios, I'm afraid it is not realistic for the City and Region councils to pay the balance," admits Markéta Vaňková, the Mayor of Brno.
As reported by the Rovnost daily newspaper, the local government representatives of South Moravia Region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising to tackle the problem of acquiring money for the Grand Prix. "Dorna imposes a condition that all advertisements must be located in places which are not visible in the shots of cameras. The choice of companies is also limited, because in the case that Dorna already has a general sponsor, another company from the same industry can't become a sponsor," explained Vaňková.
The organizers can also gain more money from entrance tickets in the years to come. "We have to sit down and talk about how much the cost would actually come to. With this in mind, we must adjust the reprising of the tickets accordingly," said Petr Vokřál, Brno's opposition representative for the ANO movement and former Mayor.
A road accident on the D5: A motorway closed after a collision of lorries
The incident was reported around 8 a.m. and was based at kilometre 22 Prague-bound. "The motorway has been closed off – for freight traffic, to be more specific. Passenger cars can go via a petrol station," said Michaela Richterová, a police spokeswoman, in the morning. The road was re-opened for traffic at around 2.30 p.m. According to Richterová, the cost of the damage is estimated to be at least two million Czech crowns. The police are now investigating the cause of the accident.
The spokesman of the Central Bohemia Fire Brigade, Petr Svoboda, said that one of the lorries carried passenger cars, while the other was transporting plastic granules. "Due to the severity of the impact, the carried vehicles moved out of their place, so the firefighters had to secure them first to prevent any potential slides," he added.
The fuel tank in one of the lorries was ruptured causing about 200 litres of diesel to spill. The firefighters managed to pump out further 200 litres. Because the incident involved fuel spillage, officers of the Department for Environment at Beroun Town Hall were called to the scene. The clearing of the crashed vehicles and unblocking the motorway was secured by a private company, which also extracted the contaminated soil.
Czech athletes fail to qualify. No success in Doha so far
The World Championship in Doha started with setbacks in qualification rounds for Czech athletes. Diana Mezuliáníková dropped out of the 800-metre heats. Neither pole vaulter Romana Maláčová nor hammer thrower Kateřina Šafránková managed to qualify. Šafránková was set to defend her 8th place which she surprised us with in London last year.
Hurdler Vít Müller is taking part in the heats on Friday, and Marcela Joglová is set to run the night-time marathon.
Šafránková produced a throw of 65.46 metres with her third attempt and was nearly six metres behind her personal best this year, which she would have to improve in order to advance to the next round. Maláčová jumped 435 cm; however, the height of 450 cm was above her abilities. To take part in the finals she would have to go over 460 cm.
Mezuliáníková, who received her Championship invitation from the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) in the last minute, finished next to the last, at sixth place, in the fourth heats. Her time of 2:03.48 minutes proved not to be enough for her to advance to the semi-finals. She was behind her personal best this year by one and a half second. "It was quite fast for me. Unfortunately, I jostled with one of the competitors around the bend, which made me lose some of my strength. I thought I still had enough strength, but I was slowed down there. I almost stopped running and had to start again, so in this aspect, it was a bit unpleasant. I can't say I'm entirely happy," said the Czech national team member.
She was glad that she overtook at least one competitor in the home straight. "She wasn't doing very well at all, so every defeated competitor counts. But I think I finished fifth deservedly. Unfortunately," she added. The fastest middle-distance runner in the heats was Winnie Nanyondo from Uganda with her time of 2:00.36.
The best 800-metre runner of recent years, Caster Semenya of South Africa, will miss Doha this year. The levels of testosterone in her body are too high, but just as some other female runners, she refuses treatments, which are newly required by the IAAF rules this year.
In the 100-metre heats, American Christian Coleman confirmed his place of favourite number one. With his time of 9.98 seconds he was the only one to get under the limit of ten seconds. His compatriot, Justin Gatlin, has also advanced to the semi-finals, who at the age of 37 wants to defend his title. Nigeria's Divine Oduduru, who with his time of 9.86 seconds is number two in this year's tables, was not in the line-up. He expected to compete with Coleman, who managed a time of 9.81 this season.
Cuba's Juan Miguel Echevarría was in great form as early as in the long jump qualifying round. He managed to jump 840 cm at his first attempt. No athlete has managed to jump this far in the World Championship qualifying rounds in the past 20 years. The 21-year-old Cuban is leading this year's tables with his performance of 865 cm.
Oscar-nominated French film Les Miserables is to open the Be2Can Festival
The 6th Film Festival which presents movies from Berlin, Venice and Cannes will feature the Golden Bear, both winners of the best actor category at this year's Berlinale, best director and jury awards at Cannes and much more. This year again, the Be2Can festival will bring a selection of the best of the most outstanding and thought-provoking films featured in competitions of the three most important European film festivals.
This year's festival will open with the French drama Les Miserables, for which Ladj Ly was awarded a Jury Prize in Cannes Film Festival this year. This French motion picture has been nominated for an Oscar. The preview of the film will be held in Prague, and the two main protagonists playing crime unit police officers, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zonga, will attend in person to introduce the film. Alexis Manenti is also one of the co-writers of the screenplay.
This year's Be2Can will take place in Prague's cinemas Lucerna and Edison Filmhub, and in Brno (the Art Cinema), Ostrava (the Minikino Cinema) and in Zlín (the Golden Apple Cinema) between 2nd and 8th October.
After the success in Cannes, Ladj Ly's directorial debut feature was presented and awarded at a number of other international festivals. The film won in the best film and best screenplay categories at the Durban International Film Festival. It was also presented at the International Film Festivals in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo, and will soon feature in San Sebastian.
Throughout the Festival, the audiences can also look forward to other films, such as Synonyms; Young Ahmed; System Crasher; So Long, My Son; Sorry, We Missed You; Ghost Town Anthology and The Golden Glove. In addition to this, they can also look forward to other brand-new movies from this year's Venice festival which will go into the Czech film distribution: the sci-fi Ad Astra, Joker, and the Czech triumph The Painted Bird.
Which cities will disappear under the sea?
A vote taken in the Upper House of the Canadian Parliament has confirmed the news that has been going around for a few days: Canada is revoking the honorary citizenship awarded to the one-time human rights activist legend and the Nobel Peace Prize winner, Do Aung San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who spent years in house arrest for her efforts to bring freedom to her country, was stripped of the honorary title for her role in the genocide against the Rohingya Muslim minority group.
The House of Commons voted to revoke Suu Kyi's honorary citizenship last week, and the Senate has now unanimously supported the decision. "It is an appropriate message to send her, Myanmar and to the whole world," Independent Senator Ratna Omdivar commented on her colleagues' decision. "We need to send a strong signal that if you are an accomplice of a genocide, you are not welcome here in Canada – certainly not as an honorary citizen."
The Canadian Parliament's decision does not make a tangible difference to Suu Kyi, as it is just an honorary title, but it sends a strong symbolic message to her. It is unacceptable for the activist, who fought for human rights for many years, to remain silent while the army of mostly Buddhist Myanmar spent long months committing atrocities against the Rohingya Muslim minority.
A recent UN report put out that an officially organized genocide was being committed in Myanmar, and Suu Kyi – the de facto Prime Minister of the government – completely failed in her duty to protect her own citizens. The report specified the names of several military commanders who should, according to the team of investigators, be tried in court for crimes against humanity committed in action, which the report describes as "shocking for both their horrifying nature and ubiquity". The UN said that Suu Kyi and her administration was complicit mainly in that she covered for the actions committed by the soldiers, and that she spread a fog of lies to protect them – such as that the actions were "antiterrorist operations".
With Suu Kyi struck off, there remain five honorary Canadian citizens on the list: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, the 14th Dalai Lama Tenzin Gyatso, the 49th Imam of the Shia Ismaili Muslims Karim Aga Khan IV, and Malala Yousafzai.
The Canadian Museum of Human Rights reflected the developments around the former icon of the struggle for freedom and democracy by including information about the atrocities committed against the Rohingya to the signage of Suu Kyi and about the Parliament's decision to strip her off the honorary citizen title. "We have also dimmed the light behind her image on our Human Rights Timeline and are planning to replace her image with a portrait of a member of the Rohingya minority," the Canadian media quoted Rorie McLeod, the museum's spokesman.
The only thing Suu Kyi will retain amid the current upheavals – at least for now – is the Nobel Peace Prize that she won for her great contribution towards the fight for freedom in 1991, based on the nomination by Václav Havel. "While the current actions of Ms Suu Kyi are regrettable, her prize will not be withdrawn," said Lars Heikensten, the Head of the Nobel Foundation, to Canada's CBS.
Microplastics found in human stools, a study confirms for the first time
The study confirms what researchers have long suspected. A team of researchers led by Philipp Schwabl, a professor at the University of Vienna, published a study that has proved for the first time the presence of microplastics in human stools. Even though this was a small study – eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia – all of the stool samples were found to contain microplastic particles of sizes ranging from 50 to 500 micrometres. None of the subjects were vegetarians, and six of the group ate sea fish. All of them consumed food wrapped in plastic and drank water from plastic bottles.
It would actually be a small miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplastics, which are either created directly for use in, for example, the cosmetic industry, or emerge by the breaking down of larger pieces of plastic, are present in sea animals, insects, tap water and soft drinks; basically all around the planet. It was thus officially confirmed that they do enter the human digestive system. On average, 20 particles of microplastics were found in each ten grams of stools. Researchers estimate that more than half of the world population might have microplastics inside their bodies.
Both the non-expert public and experts naturally suspect that this is not good. However, humans are still not sure how great the harm is – and what effect microplastics have on "host" organisms. Small particles are capable of entering the bloodstream, the lymphatic system, and may even reach the liver. "This is the first study of its kind and confirms what we have long suspected. Now that we have the first evidence for microplastics inside humans, we need further research to understand what exactly this means for human health," says Schwabl.
What we know so far is that microplastics in the gut can negatively affect the digestive system's immune response, and in doing so, aid the absorption of toxic chemicals and other pathogen into the body. Presently, we don't have any solution other than to reduce plastic use, especially polypropylene. This may prove to be difficult, though. First of all, the governments and authorities should at least put an end to the sharp increase of its use. Experts estimate that the number of plastic bottles alone will rise by a fifth in three years' time from today. Currently, a staggering million bottles are bought every minute. Roughly eight million tonnes of plastic end up in the seas and oceans every year. Plastic waste is a threat to marine ecosystems and contaminates the digestive systems of marine animals.
Some countries have already adopted restrictions and other measures. For instance, Kenya introduced a ban on plastic bags under draconian penalties. The European Commission is introducing minor bans (the well-known straws), and our Ministry of the Environment follows in the same direction. However, critics say that, albeit nice, these measures are completely insufficient.
Harry retraces Princess Diana's footsteps (†36)! Where is Meghan?
Diana was exceptional in her ability to capture people's hearts. She created a stir in January 1997 when she visited Africa, a minefield site in particular. The images of her wearing a protective body armour and visor have become iconic. Back then, nobody could know that a few months later the Princess of Hearts would take her last breath following a tragic car accident in Paris.
Her younger son Harry made the same gesture when he went to the same site she visited 22 years ago. He went to the mine clearance site at Dirico, Angola, and he too donned a special protective body armour while being deep in thought. He surely couldn't help thinking back to his beloved mum, whom he lost when he was only 13 years of age.
Harry gave a speech directly on the site, in which he praised the efforts of the Halo Trust, an organization that clears landmines and other explosives in countries affected by war. "Minefields are an unhealed scar of war. By clearing the landmines we can help this community find peace, and with peace comes opportunity," he said and made an appeal to protect and maintain the wildlife and keep the local river as a water source. After the visit, the Duke of Sussex went to Huambo to rename the local orthopaedic centre in honour of his famous mother, Princess Diana.
He did not forget to mention her on his official Instagram account either: "The Duke is honoured to be visiting a place and a community that were so special to his mother, to recognize her tireless mission as an advocate for all those she (Diana) felt needed her voice the most, even if the issue was not universally popular," read the Sussex Royal Instagram post.
However, royal fans may have been disappointed at Harry not taking his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months) along on this expedition to bring back memories of Diana. They both have had a separate programme from Harry's since Wednesday, presumably to ensure their safety. Granted, taking a small baby to a minefield doesn't sound too safe, and Harry doesn't want to put his beloved family in harm's way under any circumstances.
Only children. Our procreation is uncertain, but there is no need to scaremonger
Some words have a negative connotation about them, despite being just a term of description. One of those terms is "an only child". It denotes a child who grows up without siblings; however, the term doesn't sound neutral. "You know, an only child," people say and feel no need to add anything. What's interesting is the fact that "an only child" has been carrying this trait for a long time, even when terms like demographic crisis were not widely used.
Today, even those who are outside the scientific community know that in order to ensure just the replacement of the population, it is necessary to have a fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman. It is also widely known that no country in Europe currently reaches this rate. The closest to this figure are France and Sweden. European countries do not have their net reproduction rate of the population secured. (The only exception in the West is Israel, where the total fertility rate is 3.1 children per woman.) This situation invites alarmism. It is therefore no surprise that even Maláčová, the Minister for Work and Social Affairs, submits to alarmism: "There are almost as many only children as there are two-child families," she said in an interview for the LN. But she'd forgotten that the devil is in the detail.
Yes, it is good that the issue is receiving attention and is not played down or ideologized, like it is, for example, in Germany where campaigns for more children are easily labelled as fascist (as in "Hitler was encouraging it, too"). It is good to be reminded that many couples plan outright to have one child only. It is good when politicians show their will to remove the obstacles that lead to such decisions (for example, the option to work from home is not widely available and this discourages women from wanting more than one pregnancy). Despite all this, let's highlight one issue here.
When Minister Maláčová says that there are "almost as many only children", a drop of demagoguery is present in this claim. This statement would have been befitting twenty years ago. Let's remind ourselves that the last time the fertility rate in the Czech Republic was reaching the population replacement levels was in 1980 ("Husák's children"). It was then declining, and in 2000 it dropped to a harrowing 1.14. However, since then it has increased by almost fifty per cent, up to the current rate of 1.70 children per woman, which is above average in Europe. As it is not at the population replacement level quite yet, the efforts by politicians are welcome. They should just take a notch down from the alarmism.
Costa Rica named a champion for fighting the climate change
Costa Rica was awarded the title for several reasons. First and foremost, for its plan to be carbon neutral by 2050 – a goal many countries have pledged to achieve as well in line with the Paris Agreement. The Central American country of around five million people produces only 0.4 per cent of global emissions. Costa Rica has also pledged that, by 2030, it will use solely renewable resources for its energy generation and expects 70 per cent of all buses and taxis to be electric.
The official tourist authority states that roughly 95 per cent of its energy already come from renewable resources – in 2017 Costa Rica ran for 300 days solely on renewable power.
Costa Rica boasts nearly thirty national parks.
The density of forests also helps reduce emissions. Covering over a half of the country, rain forests with their diverse fauna and flora are one of the country's main tourist attractions. "Costa Rica is a pioneer in the protection of nature and sets an example for other countries in the region, as well as the world. Climate change demands urgent action from all of us," a UN statement said.
Costa Rica boasts nearly thirty national parks, which is a really large number considering the small area of the country (51,100 square kilometres). Rain and cloud forests, coral reefs and mangrove swamps are home to five per cent of the world's diversity. There are also volcanoes and picturesque waterfalls in the country, where you'd also find a few sloth sanctuaries.
Planet-friendly. Researchers' Night is due to start in Prague
"In Prague, I would certainly visit the Czech Technical University to see the model of what smart cities will look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Institute of Anatomy at the Faculty of Medicine, which is not normally open to the public," advises Jitřenka Navrátilová, the national coordinator of Researchers' Night.
In the Institute of Anatomy, you can join a tour of the autopsy room and try your hand at working with surgical instruments.
"Then I would go to the Czech University of Life Sciences and watch the film called Green Desert," adds Navrátilová. Nine laboratories will also provide tours with commentary. The motto of this year's Researchers' Night is "planet-friendly".
The Prosecutor General has reopened the prosecution of a mother who manipulated her daughter against the father
Prosecutor General Pavel Zeman disagrees with the dismissal of charges against the mother who was manipulating her daughter over a long period of time and disrupted the girl's relationship with her own father. The mother faced charges of child abuse and putting a child's development at risk. The Regional Court dismissed the charges against the mother; however, Zeman does not agree with the decision. He states in his appeal to the Supreme Court that a similar conduct may be seen as a criminal offence.
The decision made by the Supreme Court could have a broader impact on other cases as well. "A more specific definition of the particular form of abuse may be needed in order to give guidance when applying the law into practice," states Zeman in the appeal.
The District Court in Svitavy initially found the woman guilty of abuse of a person in her care and putting a child's development at risk. The mother had formed a firm, almost symbiotic, bond with her daughter, present even in situations the girl was supposed to be in her father's custody.
This resulted in the girl's pathological fixation on her mother and a strongly negative relationship towards her father. This situation affected the emotional development of the daughter, who was even put in hospital due to threats to harm herself in case she is put in her father's care.
The Court in Svitavy sentenced the mother to two years in prison with a two-year suspended sentence. However, the Pardubice department of the Regional Court cleared the woman of charges in appeal proceedings ruling that the actions do not constitute a crime. The same verdict was issued by the Regional Court after it was ordered by the Supreme Court to make a new decision.
The Regional Court stated that the situation in which one parent manipulates a child against the other are by no means exceptional. They are dealt with in guardianship proceedings, alternatively with the help of psychologists or youth social care authorities. Criminal law is only applied in exceptional cases.
However, according to the Prosecutor General the woman committed offences of both child abuse and putting a child's development at risk. "The defendant was fully intentionally arousing negative feelings in her daughter against her father, and has wilfully solidified these negative emotions in her. By doing so, she was pursuing an illegitimate intention to reduce or eliminate the minor's contact with her father, while being certainly aware that this would negatively impact the minor in the psychosocial sphere," states the appeal.
Zeman has asked the Supreme Court to refer the case to the Regional Court once more. It is evident from the appeal that the child is now in her father's care.
Step down, Czernin asks Schillerová due to her words about ‘opposition scum’
"I find it absolutely unacceptable that a member of the Czech government would use such totalitarian expressions anywhere, especially on the premises of the Parliament," wrote Czernin in an open letter to Schillerová.
Her words caused a stir during a debate on a proposal of a constitutional action against President Miloš Zeman. The opposition hadn't managed to gain enough votes, so the constitutional action proposal, which had been initiated by the Senate, was swept off the table by the Members of Parliament.
"Every day, I receive dozens of messages from people I don't know. There is not a single voice that would support this action. These messages express support for the President. Other messages go along the lines of what the tax payers' money is spent on here and how we are flogging a dead horse. And I'd even take the liberty and quote one of these messages here, though I don't usually say rude words: They are opposition and senatorial scum," said the Minister of Finance.
"Such terms were used by the Nazis who often used these terms to refer to people of Jewish origin, and by the Communists who often referred like this to their political opponents. This rhetoric is totalitarian and does not have a shred of respect towards a person and an opinion," wrote Czernin to the Minister. Czernin is the Deputy Chair of TOP 09, who will compete with Markéta Pekarová Adamová, the current first Deputy Chair, for the post of the Chair of the party in autumn.
"I was quoting one of the dozens of messages I'd received throughout the debate in the Chamber of Deputies. Their common denominator is disgust over the continuous personal disparagement that we witness in this country's politics daily, and which was also the main topic of the debate in the Chamber on Thursday. I find it surprising that somebody would take this expression personally," responded Schillerová for the ČTK.
Destroyed shops, fire on streets, a memorial march accompanied by unrest
Five years ago, 43 students from a university in Ayotzinapa vanished. Despite extensive investigation the case remains unsolved. The students were allegedly detained by the police in the state of Guerrero, Mexico. It is not exactly clear what happened after that. According to the investigation, the students were in all likelihood handed over to the local crime syndicate, and then killed and burned, the APTN agency reports.
A memorial march was held in Mexico City on Thursday. The families wished to express frustration over the lack of answers and clarity about how their children had disappeared.
The mostly peaceful procession was marred by small groups of vandals who were destroying everything along the way. The vandals damaged shops and hotels, had no scruples about damaging historic landmarks, set fires in the city and broke windows.
President Andres Manuel López Obrador said before the march that he would do everything to hunt the criminals down, and asked the public to provide any information that could lead to solving the case.
Over 142 people were detained in the investigation, but none of them were convicted. Many had to be freed because their human rights had been violated. The investigators allegedly tortured the suspects, adds APTN.
Mahulena Bočanová broke her annual detox and is naughty again!
Mahulena Bočanová revealed to the Blesk over a year ago that she had quit drinking alcohol. "I said to myself during the holidays that I'd let my aged, worn-out, 50-year-old body catch a breath. My intention was to stop for good. I feel well-rested, I have a lot of energy and, most importantly, my mental health has improved. My mental health wasn't very good not long ago. Now I get up more easily and headache-free in the mornings, and I have more energy, as well as more money."
She says that one year of abstinence was enough for her. The actress has now found her way to enjoy alcohol again. "Occasionally, I'd have some bubbly or good-quality wine, but I don't drink as much as I used to. I would drink one glass and have a great time until the small hours. A bottle of wine stays in my fridge for a week or so. I've also come to like non-alcoholic beer, which I can drink any time I want," shows off Mahulena, who is still together with Petr, an entrepreneur from Brno.
Bočanová also returned at the end of the holidays when the theatrical season started and will newly appear in the Rose Garden Medical Centre series. "I feel ashamed for my first two performances. I was really bad – I kept stumbling over my words. But it's getting better now," the actress smiles critically.
Jaromír Soukup talks about Gott: He wishes him, first and foremost, peace and quiet
TV presenter and entrepreneur Jaromír Soukup (50) doesn't duck any issue. He publicly comments on various topics in his ‘Call and Write to the Boss’ TV programme. He does not shy away from tabloid current affairs either and discusses them with humour and a sharp-edged wit. However, this time he didn't feel like fun and games.
Jaromír Soukup talked about the sad news of Karel Gott falling seriously ill. Soukup has taken a personal pledge to do his bit to show consideration for the singer.
"You see, Karel has fallen ill. He has been open about it to prevent tabloid journalists from trying to dig out the information from odd sources. I don't want to comment on this, as it is a serious illness, and we all have an immense regard for Karel. I naturally wish his treatment is a success and, above all, I wish for him to have some peace and quiet! Something he needs to have right now," said the Barrandov Television owner.
"I would like the media to leave him alone. The media should wait for the information to be publicised by the Maestro himself when he wants to. I am not really fond of all the different statements given by his old acquaintances and various celebrities in which they tell us what they think about his current state of health. I can say, on behalf of our media, that we will talk about him and his illness when, and only when, he personally expresses his interest in us doing so. In my opinion, other media should consider a similar approach."
Young Czechs consider themselves good with money. The survey has not confirmed this
"It has shown that young Czechs think their own knowledge of financial matters is greater than it actually is. A significantly greater proportion of incorrect answers was given by women and respondents who have not taken their secondary school final exams," said Jaroslava Palendalová, the CEO of KRUK.
It's mostly men and young secondary school and university graduates who trust their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs learn about financial matters predominantly from their parents (37 per cent) and then self-education on the internet (23 per cent). Learning about it at school only ranked as number three (21 per cent).
Women are most likely to consult any issues concerning finances with their parents, whereas men tend to search for this kind of information on the internet. Acquiring information about financial matters from one's parents prevails in all age groups of young people, regardless of the level of achieved education or personal income. Leaflets from financial institutions, professional magazines and publications have very little or practically no effect.
"It has been shown, time and again, how important it is for children to be taught about this by their parents because they are regarded as an authority in all principal areas of their children's lives. That's why the level of financial literacy of parents is key as they pass their knowledge and experience onto their offspring," said Palendalová.
Saving money and making investments are preferred by 94 per cent of young people.
Young people are quite clear about the issue of whether it is better to save money and buy their own house or flat, or whether it is better to enjoy themselves and rather spend their money, without making savings and becoming homeowners.
The strategy of saving money and investing it in long-term tangible assets was supported by 94 per cent of the respondents. This was the case across all age groups of young people, regardless of the level of achieved education, social status or current level of their personal income.
The strategy of making savings was supported by 100 per cent of married people who have two or more children and by public sector employees. Conversely, people who live alone and have an income of over 30 thousand Czech crowns a month are more likely to prefer spending their money.
A gamekeeper hurt in a fall from a high seat, he was carried to the ambulance for three hours
The unfortunate accident occurred in an upland region near Čertův mlýn before 7.30 p.m.
"The terrain there is very rough and hard to go through, so five of our rescue workers had to be sent with appropriate technical equipment to the injured man. Simultaneously, we asked the Moravia-Silesia Emergency Medical Service for assistance. The paramedics then sent an ambulance to the site," Libor Kluz, the Beskids Mountain Rescue controller, described the circumstances around the rescue action.
The rescue workers found the gamekeeper, who had suffered multiple injuries, at the reported location. They immediately tended to his injuries and then carefully, albeit with difficulties, transported him down the trackless terrain on a wheeled stretcher.
"The journey down, which was about one and a half kilometre long, was slow and difficult. The wounded huntsman was thus handed over to the ambulance crew only about three hours later," added Libor Kluz.
According to Radan Jaškovský, the accredited chief of the Beskids Mountain Rescue and a responding rescuer in one person, the gamekeeper's colleague was luckily able to describe in detail the injured man's whereabouts.
"That's why we found him relatively quickly. However, if he had the Záchranka application in his phone, our rescue workers would have got to him even sooner, and concurrently, the 155 emergency line call handlers would have been alerted about the accident and the man's situation instantly," pointed out Radan Jaškovský.
He added that in the mountains today, having a charged mobile phone with the activated Záchranka application should be a norm.
Zeman the preservationist – the man who stretches the Constitution calls upon enforcing the law
If you move in a society that is divided into camps and don't want to go completely insane, you may welcome situations when you don't need to cheer your own side for once. Sometimes, you may want to grant some plus points to those who you normally criticize. If not for anything else, at least for the feeling that you don't always act according to your pre-set label. One of these could be a situation when President Zeman goes on his beloved trips across the Regions and flaps about a list of seriously damaged heritage sites.
Everybody knows what the issue is. Those who travel around Czechia every now and then can see with their own eyes many of these dilapidated landmarks – from historic town centres to individual castles, monasteries, old houses and homesteads. Everyone senses that demagoguery could take the floor here. When we criticize the town council for their lack of action in heritage conservation or for eyesores in their zoning plans, it may as well be the legacy left from previous administrations. Or a building could have been privatized, and its owner can't be traced. The Head of State is now calling upon the local politicians: "A clause in the National Heritage Act allows you to fine those building owners who fail to look after their property." It should be recognized that the President is asking to enforce the law when the owner is unavailable, which is something even the critics of his bending of the Constitution should give him some credit for.
Of course, Miloš Zeman would not be Miloš Zeman if he considered all the details and technicalities of this complex problem. He can nevertheless see some silver lining in this, similarly to squatters who he disapproves of. We wrote two years ago: "Despite all the verbal abuse, the squatters are drawing attention to an issue no-one is currently interested in, i.e. this or that building is in a state of emergency." Let's admit that the President is de facto doing the same thing.
If you ever visit the historic centre of Jáchymov, you'll be staggered at how dilapidated it is – houses with original features from the Renaissance included. At this time, when Jáchymov celebrates 500 years since its silver mining and thaler (that's dollars for Americans) minting era. Why? Local officials say this is due to the hurried house sales of the 1990s. Why is it though that seven kilometres away from here is Ostrov, the former seat of the Schliks who used to mint Jáchymov thalers, whose historic town centre has been nicely renovated? It's just as well that the President draws attention to issues like this.
Babiš calls for security cooperation at the Victims of Terrorism Memorial
On 27th September 2019, Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and his wife Monika visited the memorial to the victims of terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 at Ground Zero, New York.
Terrorism is the main enemy that all countries around the globe should fight jointly, Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš said today at the memorial to the victims of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in New York. This marked the end of his five-day visit to the United States. The Prime Minister took this occasion to pay homage to two victims of Czech origin.
"It's a very moving place," said the Prime Minister when he, accompanied by his wife Monika, laid a white rose at the names of Lukáš Rambousek and Czechoslovak emigrant Alena Sešínová. Both were among the more than 2,750 people who died in the attack when hijacked planes hit the former World Trade Centre twin towers. The memorial with the names of the victims is now on the site of the collapsed WTC towers.
"We need to remember what happened here, the horror of it all," said Babiš. The Prime Minister described the September 11, 2001 attack on the USA as the reason why the United Nations should cooperate in the joint fight against international terrorism. As well as destroying the WTC towers, the terrorists crashed one of the hijacked planes into the Department of Defense building in Washington, D.C. They were also planning to hit another target in Washington, D.C., presumably the White House or the Congress. However, this plane fell down when the passengers stood up to the hijackers.
"This is our main enemy. All countries around the globe should join in the coordinated fight against international terrorism," added the Czech Prime Minister.
Slovenes have defeated the Polish world champions and are now in the European Championship finals
Slovenian volleyball players are set to have a smashing time as they play for the premier title at the European Championship. Supported by nearly 12 thousand roaring fans in Ljubljana, they beat the reigning two-time world champions, Poland, with a score of 3-1, and are now the first finalists.
Which team they'll challenge in the grand finale in Paris on Sunday will be decided on Friday following the match between France and Serbia.
The Slovenian team looked much more compact in the semi-finals than the Polish world champions. The latter were only doing well at the beginning of the first set and, with some luck, at the end of the second set. However, the home players were surpassing themselves in their defence, while practically the only player to score points for the team in red-white jerseys was León, a Cuban-born player.
As for the home line-up, both spikers Čebulj and Urnaut presented themselves in their best form, and so did the second opposite spiker Štern, who soon replaced insipid Gasparini. The Poles felt the consequences of having been clear winners of all prior matches in this Euros, while the Slovenes have been gaining confidence after tough battles in play-offs against Bulgaria and Russia.
Slovenia was beaten by Poland with a score of 1-3 in the Olympics qualifier in Gdańsk in August, but retaliated the defeat on their home ground. However, they will now leave the sold-out Stožica arena in Ljubljana. Today's match has secured them the second medal in their history, nevertheless. In Paris, they can improve their unexpected silver from the European Championship held four years ago.
Slovenia placed eighth in the last European Championship, below the Czech Republic's national team.
Technology companies want to rule our cities
History is having its revenge on Francis Fukuyama. In 1992, at the height of the liberalism wave that followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political theorist wrote in his most famous book ‘The End of History and the Last Man’: "What we may be witnessing … is the end point of mankind's ideological evolution and the universalisation of Western liberal democracy as the final form of government."
Twenty-six years later, from the USA to Russia, Turkey to Poland, and Hungary to Italy, we tend to see more illiberal models taking the lead, and various forms of nationalism and radicalism are advancing. Fukuyama's new book (his ninth) titled ‘Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment’, seeks to grapple with these rising forces. In his interview with George Eaton for the New Statesman it was apparent that he has re-evaluated many of his former views: he claims that the ideas of socialism should return to the public space, and Marx was right in many aspects. At the same time though, he maintains that his thought development is still in tune with his stance in the 1990s, and that the critics of ‘The End of History and the Last Man’ must have misunderstood the book.
"What I said back then is that one of the problems with modern democracy is that it provides peace and prosperity, but people want more than that … liberal democracies don't even try to define what a good life is. It's left up to individuals, who feel alienated, without purpose, and that's why they form identity groups which give them a sense of belonging."
In its own time, ‘The End of History and the Last Man’ was written as a strong argument against Marxists who regarded Communism as humanity's final stage of history. When asked how he now viewed the resurgence of socialists in Britain and the USA, Fukuyama said: "It all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we're talking about the ownership of the means of production – except in areas where it's clearly called for, like public utilities – I don't think that is going to work. If you mean redistributive programmes that try to redress this huge imbalance in both incomes and wealth that we're witnessing, then yes, it may come back. I think not only can it come back, it ought to come back. This extended period, which started with President Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher, in which a certain set of ideas about the benefits of unregulated markets took hold, in many ways it has had a disastrous effect."
In conclusion, Fukuyama tries to ease the current state of affairs and warns all liberals that the emergence of new, not fully democratic, regimes is not going mean the end of history.
Soldiers are rehearsing, close your curtains. China prepares for celebrations on a massacre site
The army has been rehearsing the parade over the past few weekends. Shops in central Beijing had to close, and residents near the square were ordered to draw their curtains. Military vehicles rolled in empty streets going towards the square, while fighter planes circled the sky.
Several Chinese people told Reuters they were proud that their country would show off its military might. Still, one woman said that it could hardly be ignored that the celebrations would unsettle other countries.
She was probably referring to Taiwan, which China claims and which has an upcoming election now. There may also be some concern in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, where thousands of people keep protesting against the Chief Executive appointed by China.
Preparations for the celebration are also underway outside Beijing. Xiamen, a seaport in South China, saw a special light show on Thursday night. Xiamen is situated opposite the island of Taiwan and is one of the ten most innovative Chinese cities.
The list of things that have been banned in the run-up to the anniversary keeps growing. The Guardian reports that items like drones, balloons, dragons, alcohol, walkie-talkies and devices using radio waves are already on the list. The newspaper also adds that Weibo, a popular Chinese social media website, is deleting "harmful political information".
"This is another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Communist Party of China has remained (in power) against all predictions," said Maura Cunningham, a historian who specializes in China. "This is a time the party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was founded in 1949 after the Communists, led by Mao Zedong, defeated Chiang Kai-shek's nationalists, who then retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960s, China was subjected to a catastrophic Communist experiment in the form of the Cultural Revolution. In June 1989 the regime massacred with tanks thousands of pro-democratic protesters, mostly students and workers, in Tiananmen Square.
Since the late 1970s, China has been gradually adopting more and more elements of the capitalist economic system. Critics say that China is now a mixture of the worst elements of both Communism (one-party monopoly and persecution of the opposition) and (Dickensian) Capitalism (exploitation of workers).
No Czechs or children permitted. The Czech Trade Inspection Authority uncovers discrimination in restaurants
Among these shortcomings were misleading price information and the failure to abide by the rules of honest trade practice.
In one discrimination case, a Prague restaurant refuses entry to young children. According to the Czech Trade Inspection Authority, the restaurant's website says that their premises are not suitable for children up to the age of eight. "When we enquired online whether it would be possible to book a table for four adults and a 4-year-old child, a member of the restaurant's staff replied also online that no children under eight are allowed entry to the premises," added Fröhlich.
In the other discrimination case, a different Prague enterprise would not seat Czech-speaking people at a table, whereas English-speaking people were allowed to sit down. "Czech-speaking inspectors, who visited the place as customers, were not allowed to sit down at a table and place an order. English-speaking consumers were free to do so," a spokesperson for the Czech Trade Inspection Authority described the situation.
Both cases are now being dealt with in an administrative procedure. As the cases have not been resolved with a final legal decision yet, the spokesperson for the Inspection Authority could not give us any more details about the aforementioned restaurants.
Cases of discrimination were uncovered in just a very small number of restaurants that were inspected in the second quarter of the year. The Czech Trade Inspection Authority conducted 139 inspections in total. In addition to the two discrimination cases, 64 other cases of malpractice were found. These were mostly shortcomings in complying with the rules of honest trade practice and the failure to inform the consumer about the prices of products and services in accordance with the regulations.
On Wednesday, the Inspection Authority informed of the discrimination of foreign nationals in two restaurants in Prague, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreign customers were charged more than Czech-speaking clients. In these two cases, legally enforceable fines of CZK 60,000 have been issued.
Going on holiday only with a payment card? NEO account offers free withdrawals from cash machines all over the world!
According to surveys, around half of all Czechs who go abroad are now accustomed to paying directly by card. Some of the main reasons are, above all, comfort and safety, as well as the option to take out travel insurance which often comes with the payment card.
The comfort of paying by card can be fully appreciated by travellers in almost all corners of the world. This is especially true in popular tourist destinations, although payment cards are accepted almost everywhere these days. "People who travel frequently, for example on business, don't have time to make regular trips to bureaux de change to exchange their cash. "Holidaymakers" also do not want to rely on whether their cash is going to last. In addition, Czech banks and exchange offices do not even have some foreign currencies in stock. We have therefore provided NEO account with a feature that allows the account holders to withdraw cash from all cash machines free of charge, wherever they are," says Kateřina Petko, an Expobank CZ spokeswoman, who is also the Director of Marketing and Communication.
Unlike cash, a payment card is safer in terms of not losing money. When a full wallet is lost, the owner may not necessarily be reunited with the money that was inside. However, if it's only a payment card that gets lost, the holder can block it immediately, which can be done easily by phone or via online banking. If they act fast, they may not have to suffer any financial loss whatsoever. "As well as the reliable protection, there are other advantages to keeping money on a bank account. For instance, NEO account has an annual interest rate of 1.6 per cent, which is one of the highest among both current and savings accounts. The account can be opened and operated fully online without having to visit a branch. Furthermore, the money on the bank account is insured up to 100 thousand Euros, and there is no fee to maintain the account," adds Kateřina Petko.
Travel insurance should be a must for everyone who plans to go abroad. Insurance can be arranged in the last minute thanks to the option to apply and pay for it online by card. However, the very fact of holding a payment card can often mean that the holders are covered by insurance while they travel. "For example, MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business embossed cards have travel insurance integrally included, which covers travelling abroad to all countries around the globe. Holders of these cards can also insure their family members who travel with them. Often, they don't need to do any further arrangements," adds Kateřina Petko of Expobank CZ. It is always advisable, though, to confirm the extent of the individual insurance cover, such as whether it covers all the activities the travellers are planning to do.
Motivated immigrants needed. A senior consultant at a children's clinic puts together an international team of doctors, we bring you their stories
Ledjona Toni is an Albanian national who studied medicine in the Czech language. Today, hardly anyone can tell she is a foreigner.
Hundreds of medical students from abroad study in Czechia, where they could later stay and work. Some of them were asked by the Paediatric Clinic at Motol in Prague to work there.
Tara Hussein Tayeb had to get up very early in order to arrive at Motol Hospital in Prague by 5 p.m. The short-haired Kurdish woman flew over to Czechia from Sulaymaniyah, a city in northeast Iraq, where she works as a paediatrician at a hospital. Furthermore, she treats young patients in a private practice in the afternoons. She also teaches at university.
Spilková on par. She is about to advance to the next round after the first round in Indianapolis
Golfer Klára Spilková is about to advance to the final rounds after the first round of the Tech Championship in Indianapolis. She played two birdies, two bogeys, and finished on par on the first day of the LPGA tournament on Thursday. With a result of 72, she finished tied for 69th place, which is the expected cut.
Spilková (24) returned to the course a month ago after a two-month medical break and failed to advance to the second half of the tournament in Portland. She had taken some rest due to tiredness and exhaustion after an untreated illness.
The first Czech winner of a professional tournament at the European LET series is a member of the LPGA Tour this year for the first time, and has not been doing very well so far. Out of twelve tournaments, she made the cut three times. Her best place was 32nd in Hawaii. She is thus fighting to keep the card for the next season.
The start of the tournament in Indianapolis was played best by South Korean Hur Mi-jung. After the first round, she had a score of -9 and is ahead of three competitors by two strokes.
The Prague Stock Exchange grows moderately; Czech banks, O2 and Avast are doing well
The Prague Stock Exchange closed the trading week with a moderate growth. The PX Index increased by 0.13 per cent (1038.45 points). It was pulled up by Czech banks, the O2 telecommunications company and the Avast technology company. Conversely, the Austrian titles and the CME media company did not do so well. This has been shown in the trading results on the Stock Exchange website.
The Prague Stock Exchange was trading in moderately positive territory throughout most of the trading session on Friday, and then closed the session with a small gain. "However, over the week the PX Index went down by a little over one per cent," notes Josef Dudek of Fio Bank.
Our banks have partially adjusted the decline of recent days. Komerční banka has improved its position by 0.82 per cent to 803 Czech crowns and Moneta Money Bank by 0.41 per cent to 72.80 Czech crowns. Avast shares increased in value by 0.89 per cent to 113 Czech crowns and the O2 operator O2 increased by 0.46 per cent to 216.50 Czech crowns.
Kofola saw the biggest growth in securities, by 1.38 per cent to 294 Czech crowns. Just short of one per cent was gained by the Philip Morris tobacco company, whose shares went up to 13,640 Czech crowns.
The shares of the ČEZ energy company stagnated at the Thursday value of 520 Czech crowns.
Three titles dropped – Erste Bank has written off 0.87 per cent to 779.20 Czech crowns, CME 0.73 per cent to 109 Czech crowns and the VIG insurance company 0.40 per cent to 618 Czech crowns.
The Czech crown has slightly depreciated against the two major world currencies. The Czech crown has lost value by four hellers against euro (down to 25.85 CZK/EUR), and three hellers against US dollar (down to 23.62 CZK/USD), according to the information published on the Patria Online website.
A heart as strong as steel and a non-smoker's lungs. I'll just have a few infusions, jokes Zeman
On Tuesday, the Head of State underwent a health check in the Central Military Hospital (CMH) lasting several hours. Miroslav Zavoral, the Director of the Hospital, says that no "ailing conditions" have been found in the President. The President's 75th birthday is this Saturday.
The doctors detected mild signs of dehydration in the President. Poor hydration is the cause of his low blood pressure problems. "To re-hydrate my organism I will receive a few infusions, which will transport minerals into my body," said Zeman.
In the words of the Director of the CMH, other than that, "the Czech lands have a healthy President", said Zeman. In reference to this, the President mentioned that Zavoral had received a few hateful messages because of this health check.
The President said that the doctors had examined him thoroughly and had not left out any part of his body. "So, here's a short recap: my heart beats like a drum, my lungs are as clear as if they were not the lungs of a smoker, my liver works as if I was a teetotaller, the kidneys are also alright and I could go on and on," said Zeman.
The iDNES.cz editors have contacted the Military Hospital asking them to comment on the claims made by Zeman about his health.
Zeman's health issues were talked about mainly during last year's presidential election, as well as during a number of public appearances where he had appeared to have difficulty walking. According to a statement from Prague Castle, the President's walking problem is caused by his diabetic polyneuropathy. He also suffers from low blood pressure and is hard of hearing. He has cut down on smoking due to his health.
Scientists look for toddlers with a congenital deformity called ankle valgus for a study
Ankle valgus (outward turning of the ankle) is a congenital deformity affecting five to ten per cent of children. It is routinely treated by intensive exercise. As scientists are trying to help these children even more, they have developed special footwear that should significantly speed the treatment up.
"We have two prototypes of shoes, which will be worn by both healthy children and those who have been diagnosed, in order to monitor the effects in both groups. The research poses no risk to the children, and the measuring will be completely pain-free," explains Marta Gimunová, the Head of Research at the Faculty of Sports Studies, Masaryk University.
Parents of both groups of children can register to participate in the study on the website where they can find a registration form and all information.
The scientists are looking for fifty children who have been diagnosed and fifty healthy children. Half of the children in each group will be wearing the surgical shoes while the other half won't.
"Parents should register their children for the study around the time they are taking their independent steps. This is typically when they let go off the furniture they hold on to in their attempts to walk. As part of the research, three measurements are taken over the course of seven months since the child took his/her first steps. Each measuring session is about 20 minutes long. The research also includes wearing the test shoes by half of the participants," Gimunová points out.
Pike in the pond, or a relatively wealthy open-air museum?
To support his optimistic views, Babiš has chosen to use statistical data analysing the good level of our security (the Czech Republic is the seventh safest country in the world), our low unemployment rate and low national debt, as well as the findings of one recent study which claims that our country is at 24th place when it comes to quality of life, out of the 140 countries compared in the study.
However, in a TV interview given during the Architecture and Development Summit, developer Dušan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot presented different data, which were a far cry from this "rosy picture". For instance the fact that the Czech Republic ranks 154th across the world when it comes to the speed of building permit processes. Therefore, it may as well happen that the current economic "boom" will not leave any significant construction legacy as it used to be the case in the past.
Both the current legislation and slow, inefficient bureaucracy are the biggest stumbling blocks here. This view is also supported by comparative studies which show the Czech Republic substantially lagging behind advanced countries in terms of the overall quality and performance of public administration.
Put simply, our country has not yet been able to make a good use of the potential afforded by the good economic situation of recent years for investing in the future. It's very well that our wages and retirement pensions are growing, but people whose living standard is going up will also want to have a decent place to live, have access to fast and modern modes of travel, good-quality cultural amenities and live without an unbearable burden on the environment.
Take our capital city, Prague, for instance – the construction of the outer and inner circular roads has been left unfinished for years, and a rapid transit or metro line that would go to the airport has not yet been built. Neither are there any state-of-the-art or architecturally bold buildings that would house Prague's national library, concert hall or national gallery. The reason for this is not just ridiculous squabbling over architecture competitions, local plans and planning permissions, but also a characteristically Czech sort of conservatism which follows the mantra "any bold change is a change for worse".
When it looks like something a little more adventurous could be attained, it will almost definitely be thwarted by preservationists or other rather mulish leagues, and politicians. When the absurd drama behind the "the blob" designed by Jan Kaplický for a new National Library building kicked off, one of the people who wanted to chain themselves to the excavators was even President Václav Klaus himself.
The list does not end with Prague, though. The Czech Republic has not been able to finish its core motorway network yet, or start building rapid transit railways. Therefore in the end, Germany resorted to building their superfast railway, connecting Berlin and Vienna, with a "detour" through Bavaria. Moreover, even the repairs of the existing infrastructure are often shambolic, so it can now be a real conundrum to get fast from Prague to Brno.
Babiš came into politics with a promise to "get things done". As far as meaningful investment and the speeding up of cumbersome bureaucratic procedures are concerned, not much has been done so far. Even though the amendment to the Fast-tracking of Transport Infrastructure Construction Act has been in effect since 2018, we are still waiting for extensive positive impacts, such as an easier land dispossession process. The new, government-approved, Building Act, which was supposed to reduce the average time of the building permit process from 5.4 of a year down to one year, will reportedly come into effect in 2021, if we are lucky. However, there are not likely to be many people who would bet on it.
Nečesaný demands CZK 45 million from the state
The Ministry of Justice spokesman, Vladimír Řepka, said that six requests related to this legal case have been received so far and are presently being analysed by the Ministry. The young man served two years in prison for attacking the woman; however, the judiciary has now issued a final judgement to acquit him of charges.
Neither Prosecutor General Pavel Zeman nor Justice Minister Marie Benešová have brought an appeal in the case.
The attempted murder of the hairdresser happened in Hořice in February 2013. The Hradec Králové Prosecutor's Office charged Nečesaný, who was a 20-year-old grammar school student at the time, with the crime. The prosecution maintained that he hit the woman multiple times in the head with a log and then took more than ten thousand Czech crowns from her. The seriously injured woman was found by her son, and her life was saved by the doctors in Hradec Králové Hospital.
Nečesaný has been denying all accusations since the beginning of the trial. "I am innocent, and I can swear to it. I honestly feel sorry for what happened to the injured lady, but I am not the culprit here," said the young man in court, who had not denied that he indeed went to the hair salon on that ill-fated day. He said that he had wanted to have a hair-cut. He left after he had been told by the woman that she was about to close the shop. He then got in touch with the police of his own accord and came forward as a witness.
During the initial questioning by the police, the hairdresser did not recognize him as the aggressor. However, she identified Nečesaný as the attacker later. The court experts said that she was experiencing lapses of memory loss as a result of the attack.
The Regional Court in Hradec Králové pronounced five successive verdicts in relation to the case. Nečesaný was initially found guilty two times and was given a 16-year prison sentence. Then the High Court of Appeal reduced the sentence to 13 years. Nečesaný went behind bars twice consecutively, but was released both times after the Supreme Court's interventions. After the ordered change of the Chamber of Court, verdicts of not guilty were repeatedly issued, the last of which was confirmed by the High Court in March this year.
However, Jiří Lněnička, Chairman of the Appeals Chamber, stated in his reasons for this conclusion that this decision was wrong, but he had no other choice in the matter considering the circumstances of the trial. He said that he had dismissed the appeal against the not-guilty verdict made by the public prosecutor even though her objections in the appeal were justifiable.
"The problem in this legal case is not that there was not enough evidence, but the way the evidence was evaluated. We are of the opinion that enough evidence was gathered in the preliminary procedure, which would have been more than sufficient to issue a guilty verdict in different criminal cases," said Lněnička.
Nevertheless, both the Hradec Court and the High Court had a different view of the case, and their opinion is not likely to change even if the acquittal was invalidated.
His love for sport was made difficult by epilepsy, there is new hope thanks to an operation
The first time Honzík's parents noticed there was something wrong with him was when he was one and a half. He suddenly started staring into space for a few minutes, froze and stopped responding to those around him. His paediatrician thus sent him to a children's neurology clinic, where he underwent a series of examinations. He was then diagnosed with epilepsy and put on a course of medication, though this didn't start to help right away.
It took almost a year for the doctors to find an ideal combination of drugs that made the seizures stop completely. Then when he was five, the doctors took him off the medicines. Because the seizures didn't come back, his parents thought that Honza was healthy again and started to encourage him to do sports. He started to cycle, ski, play tennis and floorball. He spent his free time playing with his sister and friends. However, when he was eleven, he had another seizure and everything started again.
Doctors were again trying out all kinds of combinations of drugs, but this time nothing was working. His absence seizures kept coming back. Because Honza always blanked out during the seizures, his parents were worried sick that he may get a seizure while playing sports and hurt himself. Honza gradually phased out cycling and swapped his downhill skis for cross-country skis and a snowboard. Even though exercising triggered a seizure from time to time, he never gave up sports completely. He even fulfilled his dream of running in the Spartan Race, though a friend of his ran along and kept an eye on him at all times, in order to help if needed.
When Honza was 15, his parents decided they would like to try a different doctor and got in touch with the specialist doctors at Motol University Hospital. After a series of examinations, the hospital doctors concluded that Honza is a candidate for a surgery to remove the focus – source of the epileptic seizures – from his brain. "I had to undergo two consecutive operations. At first, the doctors implanted probes into my brain to monitor its activities. Only then they could remove the focus. For me, this was hell that lasted over several weeks. I had to lie in bed and practically stay still at all times. My head was full of wires sticking out and connected to a computer," recalls Honza.
The operation was a success. The doctors removed a relatively large focus. "It was very difficult for us mentally. Honza was apathetic, confused, sad and hardly spoke to us. This was such a contrast to how he is normally – lively and communicative. The change was drastic, but fortunately after a few days everything went back to normal," describes his mum and adds: "He had one seizure a month and a half after the operation, but the doctors say it does happen sometimes. Since then, he has been seizure-free for three months now."
Honza will take his final exams at secondary school this year. Beside sports, he also likes languages, and he started working with E Company by joining them in giving talks about epilepsy at schools. Honza doesn't do sports fully for the time being as he is taking it slowly. "I'm learning how to play sports in a way that's right for me and how to breathe correctly in order to avoid exposing my body to sudden stress, which is a bit tricky with my competitive nature, though," explains Honza.
Therefore, he is not actively taking part in this year's traditional EPPI River Sports Triathlon, where both epileptic patients and healthy sportspeople meet up. The triathlon is held at Veselí Sand Quarries this weekend on 28th September 2019. Hopefully he will take part next year.
Authorities permit XXX Lutz to buy its competitor, Kika. There is a catch, though
"The Office for Competition Protection has allowed a merger of competitors – XLCEE-Holding GmbH as one party, and the companies Kika Furniture and Lambda Properties Czechia as the other party, provided that the conditions of fulfilling structural obligations put in place in order to maintain effective economic competition will be met," said the OCP spokesman, Martin Švanda.
Beside the XXX Lutz retail chain, XLCEE-Holding also owns Möbelix stores. If they absorb the Kika retail chain as well, they'll cover too large a section of the Czech furniture and accessories market. They must therefore sell off a part of the company they are acquiring.
XLCEE-Holding is also acquiring Kika stores in other countries in which the retail chain operates, such as Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. The transactions in these countries must have permission from their antimonopoly authorities, as well. XXX Lutz announced in May that they were to acquire 22 foreign stores of the Kika retail chain from Signa Holding. Last year, Signa took over Kika for a symbolic price, as the company was on the verge of bankruptcy.
The Kika retail chain entered the Czech market in 2005 and is number two here after Sweden's IKEA. Before it was acquired by the Austrian Signa company, it had been part of the South African Steinhoff International Holdings from 2013. Steinhoff was faced with problems when discrepancies had been found in their account books. Kika has nine retail stores in Czechia.
XXX Lutz has been operating in Czechia since 2010. It is one of the largest furniture retailers in this country, alongside IKEA, Sconto, Jysk, Asko Furniture and Kika. They also own the brand Möbelix. When XXX Lutz acquires Kika's foreign branches, they'll operate over 300 retail stores across 12 countries. Based on the company's website, its annual turnover is 4.4 billion Euros (approx. 114 billion Czech crowns).
A library marks the anniversary of Wenceslas IV's death with a manuscripts exhibition
Six precious historical manuscripts from the turn of the 15th century, i.e. the time of the reign of King of the Romans and King of Bohemia, Wenceslas IV, can be viewed in Prague Clementinum today and on Saturday. The National Library released the manuscripts from their vaults to commemorate this year's 600th anniversary of Wenceslas's death. Librarians and restorers placed the precious originals in the Mirror Chapel's showcases this morning. Admission to the exhibition is free of charge, and the opening times are from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on both days.
The documents exhibition titled ‘Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the Royal Office and Library of Wenceslas IV’ has been prepared by the Library in cooperation with the National Archives. The National Archives have conceptualized the written heritage created during the reign of Wenceslas IV from the official documents perspective, whereas the National Library from the perspective of literary works, commented on the exhibition its creator, Jan Vojtíšek.
"Visitors can look forward, for instance, to the writings on agriculture by Petrus de Crescentiis, which are basically a kind of rural encyclopaedia; or a breviary, which is a book of prayers that belonged to a Benedictine nun of St George's Convent at Prague Castle in the early 15th century," he lists the reasons why he thinks people should come and see the exhibition.
The Epistles of Peter of Blois will also be on display, whose historiated initial H (enrico) features the half-figure of King Henry II of England. The ornaments were most likely created by the Master of the History of Samson, who in addition to two volumes of the Bible of Wenceslas IV also created ornaments in a number of other manuscripts. Visitors can also view a Latin collection of tracts by John Wycliffe from around 1411 to 1414.
No books from Wenceslas IV's library survived in the Czech Republic. According to experts, the library used to have one of the largest and most beautiful book collections in Central Europe in those times, the result of the young King's desire to have a highly presentable library that would compare to the book collections of his French relatives. However, the library perished soon after Wenceslas's death. It is most likely that it was ransacked or destroyed when the castle was besieged by the Hussites. A few codices were saved, most of which are now owned by the Austrian National Library.
"Our collections include a whole host of treasures, and I am glad that they are in a condition to be displayed and viewed by the public ‘live’ and not just via the Manuscriptorium digital library," said Martin Kocanda, the Head of the National Library.
On the National Holiday Saturday, a Clementinum exhibition called ‘What is Hiding under the Floor’ featuring local archaeological finds will also welcome visitors free of charge.
Kristýna Plíšková has not made it to the finals, she misses the second title
Tashkent has proved to be good for Plíšková. In 2016, she won her first WTA tournament there and played very confidently this year as well.
After winning over Paolini, Kawa and Kužmová, she advanced to the best four players.
However, the match against Alison Van Uytvanck was not going well for Kristýna. The Belgian did not drop her serve, and in the first set she broke Plíšková's service twice. In the second set Van Uytvanck soon took a 3-0 lead. Kristýna did not manage to turn the game around, despite successfully converting a break point in the end. In the last one, she fended off a match point, however it ended with the second one.
Petra Černocká changed her image and the result is great! She looks younger with blond hair
Petra Černocká (69), who played the movie character Saxana, looks absolutely fantastic for her age. Despite her upcoming milestone birthday in November, she has never looked like an old lady. And now she has helped her good looks even more. Her image is so different now that even her colleagues couldn't recognize her.
Actress Petra Černocká has never looked like a typical grandma whose hair is threaded with grey, who dresses sedately and socializes very sporadically. She has always taken great care of herself. The older she gets, the more she feels free to experiment with her image.
Fortunately, she has never fallen victim to the trend of plastic surgery, and her skincare consists of applying good old Indulona. Her recipe against wrinkles is paying dividends now. Now she's also changed her hair colour and looks absolutely fabulous.
When she arrived at the social gathering where celebrities were saying goodbye to summer, nobody could recognize Petra. Not only was her hair lighter and shorter, she was also sporting a yellow jacket, which made her shine even more.
Ladies should learn from Saxana not to undermine themselves and be adventurous with their looks even when they are about to hit the age of 70. It has paid off for Petra, as she looks fifty at most.
Traveller Zikmund and General Boček. Commemorative medals given out by the Senate
Boček, a 96-year-old former fighter pilot who served in the British Air Force during the Second World War, thanked for the awarded medals on behalf of all awardees. "The Senate has always been, and still is, leading the way in remembering war veterans," he said among other things. "The awards I've received today also belong to those of my friends who are no longer with us," he added.
In his speech, Kubera warned against divisions in society. "Let's not forget our roots, which make us who we are and bring us together whether we want it or not. After all, these are precisely the values that our successful present has emerged from," said Kubera.
Among the awardees were Renata Cífková, a cardiologist and the most cited Czech female scientist; Petr Sáha, a long-serving rector at Tomáš Baťa University in Zlín; Václav Cílek, a geologist, writer, traveller and science populariser; Jiří Hamza, the president of the Czech Biathlon Union and vice-president of the International Biathlon Union; and František Paštěka. The Upper House awarded Paštěka a medal for his heroism in saving the lives of his neighbour and the neighbour's two-year-old granddaughter, when he pulled them out of their burning car in January this year. Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch, both former Chairs of the Upper House, also received medals.
Zikmund, together with Jiří Hanzelka, went on a series of travel expeditions all around the globe, during which they accumulated a good deal of documentary material. Fištejn was a commentator and broadcasting director in Free Europe Radio and is now working in public broadcasting media. Steigerwald is a playwright and screenwriter. Musician Kocáb was the head of the parliamentary committee that oversaw the relocation of the Soviet Army.
Luboš Perek, an astronomer and the emeritus chief of the United Nations Office for Outer Space, received his medal in advance, on the occasion of his 100th birthday in July. By the end of this year, these awards are to be given to Madeleine Albright, the Czech-born first female U.S. Secretary of State; and Roger Scruton, a British philosopher and political scientist, who among other things took part in running a so-called underground university in former Czechoslovakia during the communist regime.
An application that helps equip workshops. With points rewarded for moving around
New hand tools for the woodwork workshop in the Multi-Disciplinary School in Hodonín. This can now be earned by all those who download the ‘Give Help by Moving’ EPP application into their mobile phones.
"You can collect points by moving around and then credit them to our project's account. You don't need to be a competitive runner or cyclist. Points are earned even while you're walking the dog, going shopping, taking a stroll or walking to work," said Eva Schmidová, the Hodonín school's headteacher. The project is considered one of the most interesting among the huge number of projects submitted to the ČEZ Foundation. The application will be active for one month only.
