An unusually open and unique image of Karl Gott in Olga Špátová's feature documentary
This unique feature film from Olga Špátová will be released in Czech cinemas next spring.
"In mid-September of last year, I got a call from Ivanka and Karel Gott, asking if I would do a documentary with Karl about his life again after ten years. I didn't hesitate a minute! Filming with a man who has lasted more than half a century in the limelight of Czech culture thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and unfathomable diligence has been and is a great honour for me. The call to make a feature-length documentary film about Karl Gott, who has brought joy to three generations of listeners with his art, was accepted as a commitment to this legendary singer," director Olga Špátová describes her feelings.
Thus, the first day of filming was already on 22 October last year, thanks to a quick agreement and agreement, and the last footage with Karl Gott was shot a few days ago. The goal was and is perfectly clear - to capture authentically Karl Gott as a phenomenal singer who gives himself away to his followers, as a painter but at the same time a loving husband and father of his children. A man who, for sixty years, has been giving joy to several generations with his songs, not just in our country, but in Europe, and indeed all over the world. A man who has written himself into the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The film is not meant to be a parade of Karl Gott's undisputed fame and achievements. "Therefore, it is not even possible to compare my previous film The Phenomenon Gott with this one. Everyone is different. At the very least, by filming them in a different phase of Karl Gott's life, and this becomes very apparent in his personal, even intimate confession, which he gave us, and which confirmed all of us in what a legend we have the opportunity to work with and spend time with, which is truly indescribable," adds Olga Špátová.
The creators captured Karl Gott in his performances, in meetings with his fans in our country and in Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, in a cottage in Czech Switzerland, in the village where he spent his childhood, and in other places that played an important role in his life. The film will thus be completely authentic and unique, thanks to Karl Gott's frank openness.
"Olga has a great gift for filming with her tight team, so that we often got carried away by the spontaneous atmosphere and naturally let it into our privacy, which made me talk about subjects that were relatively intimate. She and her husband, the cameraman Jan the Painter, actually became part of our family. We were originally going to release the film in 2019, when I celebrated my life's jubilee. But because my family and I had a wonderful summer together, I wanted us to shoot for as long as possible. Well, and since there was a lot of me out there in 2019, my wish was for it to be released in theaters next spring. This documentary film is a thank you to my supporters and all those who have supported and guided me in my profession," says Karel Gott himself on the film.
Insects are up to 60 times less than they were 40 years ago
No other animal class is more represented in nature than insects. Bugs, butterflies and other species account for more than half of life on Earth. But reports are mounting that the insect kingdom is shrinking radically. Another scientific study on the subject came out just this week, and the situation, she says, is even more serious than humanity has realized.
The study is based on a field study in a tropical forest in Puerto Rico, in which American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As they write in the report's introduction, insects are now "ten to sixty times less" in the forest. This is about the loss of the entire population, not the number of species, and the research involved not only insects but all arthropods. As insects die out, the population of other fauna dependent on insects such as birds, frogs or lizards also dwindles.
The authors of the research place their conclusions in direct relation to climate change. The average air temperature in the forest has risen by two degrees Celsius in the last thirty years, they say, and warming has become a driving force behind the collapse of the food chain. The study thus shows, according to the author's team, that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems may be much greater than previously thought.
The report was published on Monday in the Washington Post, which makes the new findings in the headline as hyper-alarming. "It's one of the most disturbing articles I've ever read," University of Connecticut entomologist David Wagner, whose paper cites as an independent expert, told the paper.
The extinction of insects extends to Europe. "For us, the decline is also orders of magnitude," says Lukáš Čížek of the Academy of Sciences' Institute of Entomology. But, he said, in addition to climate change, the transformations of the landscape, which play an essential role in Europe, must also be taken into account. "We only run for a significantly longer period than Puerto Rico," adds Čížek, explaining why scientists could measure such a rapid decline in the forest compared to the 1970s.
Czechs in Europe Ondřej Housky: Should Czechoslovakia have rejected the Munich agreement in 1938 and gone to war with Germany? Three times NO
An undated picture shows Adolf Hitler visiting a Czechoslovak border fortification. The task of the forts was never to stop the German army, but to slow its advance before the Allies got involved.
If, almost exactly 81 years ago, Czechoslovakia rejected the Munich agreement and subsequently faced a German attack, what would put the most Czechoslovak soldiers out of action? German tanks, air force, or maybe artillery? It may well not have been either of those weapons, though the Germans had an overwhelming advantage over the Czechs in them. The Czechoslovak army would probably suffer the greatest losses − because of the blisters.
Police union president Stepanek resigns, wants to live as a free man
The president of the Independent Union of Police Police, Milan Stepanek, has decided to leave his post. It was released on Friday by Czech Radio - Radiojournal. Stepanek has led the union since 2005. He'll be union president for two more months. He will remain with the police after leaving the head of the union.
"I can confirm that this week I have handed over to the Bureau my written resignation, after which I will be in full office for two months," Stepanek told the Radio Journal. "I've decided as a free man who doesn't want to be tied to a union forever. And who wants to live a quieter life," he said, giving his reasons for leaving.
The Independent Trade Union Police of the Czech Republic brings together members and employees of the security forces or employees of the Ministry of Interior. Among other things, the union has been involved in police protests against budget cuts or petitions for better conditions for security forces. He also got into an argument with then-Interior Minister Radek John in 2011, for example, and organised a petition for his resignation. The leadership of the ruling coalition later agreed to John's departure.
Museum in Semilech shows return to velvet revolution
An imitation of a normalisation room with a television showing footage of a brutal police raid on students on November 17, 1989, in Prague. This, too, is in the museum's new exhibition in Semilech, which is devoted to the velvet revolution. "The basis is to present what happened in Semilech after the events on the National Mall," said Tomáš Chvátal, the exhibition's curator.
"I would say that the atmosphere was basically the same everywhere with the first demonstration in Semilech on November 22, and then more people being packed in every day," he said. Among the most active at the outset were a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěcha, who was the only one from the city and the immediate vicinity to sign Charter 77, and a couple of Grandfathers, who extended the petition to Several Sentences. The Civic Forum was also formed relatively quickly, according to Chvátal. "One specificity is that there was a very strong group of local doctors in the Civic Forum," said the curator.
Approximately 50 photographs should bring visitors to what was happening in the city at the time, taken 30 years ago by Karel Bárta. There was also a video of the general strike on November 27, 1989, shot by Francis Tomíčko, which will be played in a loop throughout the exhibition. At the demonstration, Ivan Voice also spoke and sang. The Seminole archive also lent a number of surviving banners from the time to the exhibition. "They said, "Let's not get drunk on a bun, From trough to trough, We don't want violence," " said Khatami. Some of the changes in the city were very rapid at the time, for example, as early as December, people decided in an all-Seminal vote that the square would be Riegro's and canceled the previous name of Gottwald's.
The exhibition also covers events before the events of November. "In the first part, we present to the old-timers and the students what went before such a late normalisation. I think we have managed to collect unique documents from Semil, whether they are banners with various communist slogans or a bronze plate from the then museum of the labor movement," said Chvátal. One room is meant to give a sense of what it might have been like in the living room of an ordinary household.
The last part of the exhibition, in turn, is devoted to what was after the Velvet Revolution. The focus is on the first free elections. "We've wallpapered one room with campaign posters. Anyone who's been through this will remember the posters With us to Europe or there is Václav Klaus still under the heading OF with the beautiful motto Everyone for his municipality," the curator added.
Keep the fans positive, Hasek wishes. Sparta is in for a smash in Pilsen
"We're going to play to the limit, we're going to do everything we can to succeed. So that we can do the game and the results," promised Martin Hašek, a Spartan, in an interview with club television.
A goalless draw in the week was decided by a cup duel in Jihlava (2-1). Sparta advanced to the next round, which was her duty. She's relieved, but the game room is still suffering.
Even as the season slowly moves into the second period, football's Sparta is still searching for the face that coach Vaclav Jílek talked about early in his engagement.
"But it's still Sparta, which has very high-quality players. We have a difficult game ahead," warns fullback Roman Procházka.
The last time the Spartans reached the Sept Orchard, mid-May was an unequivocal affair in the superstructure. The visitors departed after a soulless performance with a 0-4 beating, the biggest in the history of the independent Czech league.
Whereas the gap between the clubs in the table was eight points before the match, Sparta now loses nine points after 10 matches of the new season. He's experiencing one of the worst entries to a season ever.
"This is not an easy situation for us or for fans who would like to see their beloved club in a completely different place than it is at the moment," feels Hasek. "But we'd like them to continue to support us, stay positive, and stand behind us."
Sparta does not know if he can use Tetteh in Pilsen, who received a two-game suspension in Pilsen but appealed against him on Friday.
At the numerous infirmary are Costa, Dockal, Drchal, Panák, Pulkrab, Zahustel, Krejci and Kadlec, who is the only member of the cadre to remember the last Spartan victory in Pilsen in 2011.
The home side, who, including Wednesday's Cup in Hlučín, have won their last five matches, should be missing only the reserve Chermák. And as captain, they should be led into the match by the defender Jakub Brabec, a Spartans outfielder.
Download free Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on PC, you have until Thursday
The link to both games is on the Epic Store here. You can add games to your library directly via the web, but you need to download the Epic Games Launcher client to play. You have until October 3rd.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original 2010 game, adding both graphic and playable changes from the sequel Last Light.
The story behind Dmitry Glukhovsky's book of the same name takes place in 2033 in Russia after the nuclear war. The Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Humanity had to take refuge underground, in our case in the vast Moscow metro complexes.
"Take the post-apocalyptic world and oppressive atmosphere from an unfamiliar background, take away the vastness of the world, and add a lot of spectacular scripts and action passages and trada: Metro 2033 is in the world," we wrote on Bonusweb in a period review.
Everything, on the other hand, is a relaxing game-nehra in a procedurally generated world that carries the message of the English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. A player can become anything from animals to trees to the planet.
You must have JavaScript support enabled to view the video.
"Scary study result." Islam does not belong in the West, thinks vast majority of Austrians
1,200 respondents were questioned, the survey shows considerable distrust of Islam in Austrian society.
Nearly 60 percent of Austria's population fears that some Muslims are terrorists, and 48 percent would call for a ban on the construction of mosques. For greater monitoring of the centres of Islam, 80 per cent are in favour.
Most Austrians also want Muslims to be restricted in their religious practices, saying that the presence of Muslims sometimes makes them feel like foreigners in their own country.
"The result of the study is frightening," says study author Wolfgang Aschauer, adding: "Such a tendency towards ethnocentrism could eventually lead to the adoption of discriminatory attitudes. Religious freedoms granted to Muslims are in danger of narrowing."
For believers, the critical attitude is less pronounced. Aschauer argues that in Austria it is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. Dialogue and education could help blunt polarization, according to the sociologist.
The most hostile attitudes toward Muslims, according to the study, are those of the extreme right, those without college degrees, or seniors over 75. Conversely, Green voters, people under 30 and university students are the most welcoming.
According to estimates by the Austrian Interior Ministry, around 700,000 Muslims live in Austria, which has a population of around 8.7 million. The vast majority have Turkish roots. There are more than 400 Muslim prayers and mosques in the country, and Islam has been officially recognised as a religion since 1912.
Thomas Cook: The Czechs were thrown out of a hotel in Majorca. Guarantees weren't enough
The Austrian, German and Polish divisions of the group also filed for insolvency in the week. The future of the Czech branch is currently under discussion, with a decision due by the end of September.
According to the Vice-President of the Association of Travel Agents of the Czech Republic, Jan Pope, there are three possible options in play - liquidation will be announced, or the company will be sold, or a team from the Czech branch will set up a new travel agency. "Which one it will be, but it is impossible to predict, will depend on the German owner," he told TIME today.
Alongside two prematurely terminated trips, the TA also handles cases where clients have had to pay for their stay out of their own pocket, although the company tries to provide guarantees to hoteliers. The TA has promised to make payments to its clients, according to the Pope, the firm has sufficient collateral to do so.
Problems in hotels arose mainly in Majorca, where the company also requested assistance from the Czech consulate. In this context, the Pope described to TIME one of the cases in which the hotel there threw out all the tourists of the office. "The hotelier could not determine who belonged under the German and who under the Czech company. He therefore threw everyone out of the hotel even though the native Neckermann provided guarantees," he said. In the end, the situation was resolved, according to Scrabble.
The Czech branch of the bankrupt British group Thomas Cook increased its revenues to 995 million crowns last year, up nearly 21 percent year-on-year, according to the company's annual report. It covers the financial year from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. The company's net profit, on the other hand, fell by around seven million to 15.3 million crowns. Of previous years, however, the company was left with an unpaid loss of nearly CZK 103 million. The branch includes two core divisions - in addition to CK Neckermann, it is also Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump Considers Unregistering Chinese Shares in U.S.
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration is considering revoking permission for Chinese firms to trade in stock markets in the United States. An informed source told Reuters today. Such a move would be a radical escalation of trade tensions between the US and China. Shares in the firms concerned on the New York Stock Exchange immediately headed down following the news, dragging the entire market down with them.
The withdrawal of shares would be part of a broader effort to limit US investment in China, the source added. He confirmed the Bloomberg report, which had sent financial markets into shock shortly before. Shares of Chinese firms Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI were down from two to four percent.
According to government data from February, 156 Chinese companies are trading on the US Nasdaq and NYSE exchanges. There are also at least 11 state-owned enterprises.
Bloomberg pointed out that no precise mechanism has yet been developed to ensure that Chinese companies withdraw from US stock exchanges. Any plan would have to be approved by Trump, but he has given the green light to negotiations on the matter.
China and the US have been engaged in a trade war for more than a year, slapping tariffs on each other. The dispute between the two countries has negative repercussions for the world economy and raises fears of a recession in the global economy. Washington is using customs duties to try to get Beijing to change its trade practices and reduce China's surplus in trade with the US.
According to CNBC, trade negotiations between the US and China should resume on October 10. His goal is to end the trade war.
Police charge CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangráce over promotion contracts
Police have charged the former manager of the state agency CzechTourism, Aleš Pangráce, over the promotion contracts. The landlord confirmed to the Message List that he took over the charges this week. Czech television (TIME) reported last year that police officers were examining contracts worth 38 million crowns in the case. Some of the money was going back to Pangrac, according to the police, the server reports. In the case, criminologists were also interested in the Minister for Local Development, Clara Dostálová (for YES), whose portfolio CzechTourism belongs to. The investigation into the server case continues.
Detectives from the National Organized Crime Bureau were securing evidence in this case in the second half of last November. For example, they were at the headquarters of the Ministry of Regional Development, at the headquarters of CzechTourism, at the Autodrome in Mosta or at Sport Invest. The service computer was also taken from the minister's apartment. The court search warrant at Dostálová's home, quoted earlier by TIME, stated that the minister decided in 2016, when she was deputy, on spending by CzechTourism on behalf of the chosen persons brokered and outside the standard administrative procedure. Dostálová said at the time that she felt absolutely innocent, had no doubt, could document everything and was cooperating fully with the police.
According to the agency, it was individual misconduct. Media reported earlier that he was the former director of the regional partnership department of CzechTourism, Aleš Pangráce, who was dismissed because of the results of the audit. This showed that CzechTourism had concluded 48 problematic contracts.
"Yes, they accused me. But that's all I want to say," Pangrác told the North's List of Messages.
Vandal vandalizes cemetery in Dobruška
According to the notice received by the police, the vandalism in the dispersal field inside the Dobrush cemetery was scheduled to take place between 1 p.m. and 5 p.m. on Wednesday.
"The material damage has been estimated at 60,000 kroner. Officers are asking any witnesses to the event to report their findings in person on duty or by telephone on the toll-free 158 line," police spokesperson Lucie told Deadline.
Criminals are investigating the case as criminal damage and disorderly conduct, punishable by up to three years in prison.
Hundreds of enslaved children freed from religious school in Nigeria
According to the BBC, there were nearly five hundred men and boys, Reuters reported, citing the Police Commissioner, that there were over three hundred children from five years up. Some were chained together, others chained to iron rings in the wall.
Kaduna Police Chief Ali Janga told the BBC that the raid on the school was carried out on the basis of a tip-off. He called the school a house of horrors. Starving people were held there by force, tortured and sexually abused. They couldn't leave, there was razor wire over the walls. He says it's a case of slavery.
Several people were detained in the raid, according to police spokesman Jakubu Sabo, the teachers there.
The children told police they were taken to the school by parents or relatives, saying it was a religious school. "We have identified two children who are from Burkina Faso, but most were brought here by parents from Nigeria's northern states," a spokesman for Sabo said of the identity of the victims. Nigerian states in the north of the country are predominantly Muslim.
Imam Ahmad bin Hanbal's school posed as a religious school dedicated to studying the Koran.
The freed were taken to the stadium where they are given aid and food. Some have met relatives before.
A French chef is suing Michelin over the removal of a star. I suffer from depression, he says
Famed French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star in January this year, a year after he won it. He plans to sue the publisher of the Red Guide to obtain precise reasons for the degradation. Veyrat also doubts the competence of the Michelin inspectors, who he thinks mistook saffron for cheddar. The first trial is scheduled for November.
The chef of the famous La Maison de Bois restaurant in the Upper Savoy Alpine region lost one of its three Michelin stars in January this year. The publisher of the prestigious Le Guide Michelin will be sued because the commissioners' conclusion was not properly substantiated. Moreover, the removal of the star, he said, occurred without any notice. "I've been depressed for six months. How dare you mess with the health of the cooks?" said Veyrat to the commissioners.
Michelin was said to have given the chef only vague reasons, such as the chef putting cheddar in the souffle, which the inspection did not like. 'I put saffron in it and the gentlemen thought it was cheddar because it was yellow. I have been lovingly working with Savoy ingredients since the beginning," Veyrat said. He is convinced of the strong incompetence of the Michelin commissioners: "You are fraudsters who only cause controversy for commercial reasons." An indignant Veyrat doesn't understand "how they could afford to say we put cheddar in our souffle." "They insulted our region, too, made my staff mad. We have eggs from our hens, milk from our own cows, gardeners picking fresh herbs every morning," he said.
The distinguished chef, always wearing a black hat and dark glasses, is an opponent of the new generation of Michelin commissioners and therefore calls for his restaurant to be removed from the red guide. But the publisher refuses. "If the business remains open and is re-selected by our inspectors, we will continue to recommend it," says Gwendal Poullennec, Michelin's international director.
According to Michelin, the chef's lawsuit shows that he has no meaningful charge yet, and a lawyer is yet to help him formulate it. "We regret Mr. Veyrat's rude communication with us. But we will examine his comments carefully," he said.
In addition to La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart owns two other three-star restaurants.
A technically perfect mess with a weak script. The Gemini with Will Smith didn't get the critique
The dystopian sci-fi spectacle Gemini Man boasts an interesting premise - Will Smith will face his younger version in the film. But critics say the story is the weakest part of the film. The film will be released in Czech cinemas on October 10.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is the ultimate in his field. It kills efficiently and without question. One day, though, he decides to hang up his career. This, of course, does not sit well with his employers, who will send another assassin after Henry. The catch is that the killer is Henry himself, or, more accurately, his younger clone made out of DNA. Can one determined man win the fight over himself? Literally this time.
Three-time Oscar winner Ang Lee was supposed to be a sure guarantee of quality. This may be his first science fiction, but he has a wealth of experience with dramatic action films, as he demonstrated in, say, the aforementioned Tiger and the Dragon or the western Riding with the Devil. Six writers collaborated on the script. The most famous is surely David Benioff, one of the creators of the highly successful Game of Thrones. But according to early reports, all this wasn't enough to make a good movie.
"Even though Ang Lee is trying to do great things in technical filmmaking, the film itself doesn't have enough character to highlight it," thinks Screen Daily's Fionnuala Hannigan.
"This disappointing film is less than the sum total of all the talents involved. The weak script and plot are held together only by the technological magic of filmmakers," Stephen Dalton of The Hollywood Reporter summed up.
"Gemini is a case in which a tremendous amount of work has resulted in an impossibly uninhibited action film," Variety reviewer Peter Deburge doesn't hide his frustration.
"A confused product come up with a bizarre idea," Ella Kemp of the website IndieWire summarized the film in her review.
"It's hard to care that one man is another's doppelganger when neither man behaves like a human," wrote Nicholas Barber of The Wrap website.
Overview of bank accounts for children on the Czech market
The bank's children's accounts are free. However, the offer needs to be considered as some other services to the accounts are already chargeable. "The incentive for banks to offer accounts for children whose basic guidance is free is straightforward. Financial houses are counting on their forgiven fees to be refunded someday. In the small migration of Czechs between banks, they are probably not wrong," says Kristýna Kuncová of dTestu.
"Small bills," she says, can do almost anything adult bills can. The child gets his or her own credit card, can enter payments, track account movements, has his or her own electronic banking somewhere. The banks will set up the account, but it is up to the parents to teach the children how to use them and also to control their payment.
"Rather flexibly, a parent can set weekly or monthly limits, turn individual services on and off, and the like. Above all, though, it can track what is happening on an account, whether by looking over the internet or by means of an information SMS. Careful, they may no longer be free," Kunce adds, adding, "If a parent is considering an account for their child, they should consider their abilities and options."
Strict but fair, we enjoy the hours! This is how Benes Grammar School students see their favorite teacher writer
Humanism should be present in any good book, believes Pavel Hoza. A high school Czech and history teacher, he is also a poet, a prosaic, and a good-for-nothing writer in a small town.
Bohuslav Reynek comes to mind above Pavel Hoza's lyrics. His poetry, his paintings. Bare trees, whitish farmhouses, quivering grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old roads and the people who have walked them for centuries. Grieving, cursing, blessing. This Reynka contemporary disciple teaches at Benešov Czech Grammar School, literature and history, runs the equivalent of Prague's Viola at the Café for a word, and holds the Benešov Literary Festival every year.
Wife swap: Ondra's parents were cruelly abused! Ended up in an institution
It was nerve-wracking. The supposedly troubled son, Andrew (9), was severely punished by his father at every moment. "He came home from school and lied about his snack. Lukas looked at me and said he would kneel as punishment,' Lucie described in The Exchange. Dad Lukas made little Ondra kneel in a corner for hours! Besides the cameras, he said he had to suffer like this on a wooden pad to massage his feet! "Andrew came up to me after the shoot and told me - aunt, I'm making all this trouble and remarks just so I won't be here because I want to go to an institution," said Lucie, describing the moment when she fully understood what was going on behind the door of the studio. And finally the boy's wish came true...
His condition was so serious that he was removed from his family after filming and placed in the Centre for Educational Care in České Budějovice for a month. He returned briefly to his father and surrogate mother, Aneta (28), but then went to a diagnostic institute for troubled children. "When I got home, Aneta added me to her Facebook page, we texted for a while. She was most interested in whether we got the money. I hardly reacted at all. But then she texted me that the little one was in an institution, that after that he was returned to them, now he's in a diagnostic. They're both out of work," says Mama Lucie from Plzeňsko.
Lightning, of course, addressed the other side, but received only a vague response. "I'm not in the mood, I'm sick, call back later," said Aneta, hanging up the phone.
Sparta doesn't want to lose Tetteh in Pilsen. She appealed the two-match penalty
Soccer Sparta has appealed a two-game suspension for forward Benjamin Tetteh, who received the player from the disciplinary committee for his suspension in Sunday's derby with Slavia (0-3).
The Air Club posted about it on its Twitter feed and is now awaiting the verdict of the Appeals Board.
Tetteh had already served half of his sentence in Wednesday's home-court game at Southport. Sparta are now aiming to allow the 22-year-old Ghanaian striker to enter Sunday's 11-round first leg clash in Pilsen.
The situation of last October could be repeated. At the time, Olomouc appealed against the punishment for Shimon Falta, who on Thursday was suspended from the disciplinary committee for one match for his suspension against Liberec.
The appeals board didn't have time to hear the case, so they deferred the effectiveness of the sentence and Falta was able to start on Saturday, ironically against Sparta.
The board finally confirmed the one-game penalty for the Oldham linebacker in the following week, and Falta skipped the following duel with Zlin.
Tetteh's disciplinary action was stopped for a foul on the glory of David Hovorka, for which he received a straight red card in the 82nd minute from referee Miroslav Zelinka.
The alleged spat by the Ghanaian player at rival captain Tomas Southee has not been proved.
Germans elect Keller to head soccer team
The new chairman of the German Football Association was, as expected, the previous boss of Bundesliga Freiburg, Fritz Keller. The 62-year-old winemaker, gastronome and hotelier was elected unanimously for three years, with no opponent.
Keller replaced Reinhard Grindel, who resigned in April over an unrecognized income affair. His other predecessors, Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach, will go on trial for possible bribery in awarding the 2006 World Cup.
Keller said one of the main goals would be to restore the union's confidence and lift it out of the crisis. "There will be no One Man Show, many people will be held accountable. The union is better than its reputation," said Keller, who presented all his tasks under the slogan: Together we can do it.
After being elected to head the union, Keller left the post in Freiburg.
There was a fire in the underground CSA mine in Karviné, no one was injured
There was a fire in the underground Dolu ČSA in Karviné this morning. The cause of the fire is not yet known. But no one was injured, said Ivo Chelechovský, a spokesman for the mining company, to ČTK.
The fire broke out at 04:25 in a breach at a depth of about 1,200 meters. "None of the employees were hurt, no one was hurt. Cuban rescue workers were on the scene immediately and took direct action to extinguish the fire, as well as to carry out an examination of the terrain. The workplace was immediately closed and rendered inaccessible," the spokesman said. The exact cause of the fire will now be determined by a special commission.
In the former Ostravsko-karvinský revír, only the Karvinská part is mined for coal, namely the ČSA, Lazy, Darkov, ČSM-Sever and ČSM-Jih mines. In Dole Lazy, production should end later this year, with other mines also facing a gradual downturn. Mining company OKD is the only producer of hard coal in the Czech Republic, its production last year was 4.62 million tonnes. There are 9,000 people working in the mines.
Berlin responds to public pressure and addresses the housing crisis. He buys 6,000 apartments from a private company
Berlin will buy 6,000 former social housing units sold by the city 15 years ago from private Luxembourg firm ADO Properties SA for €920 million ($23.8 billion). It responds to public pressure to resist skyrocketing rent prices. According to Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher for the Left Party (Die Linke), it is the largest ever such buyout in the history of Germany's capital. The opposition criticizes the move.
"The idea is to keep rents stable in Berlin and give tenants security," Berlin Mayor Michael Müller (SPD) said in a statement. "At the same time, we will continue to build new housing and legally fix the rent freeze," he added. Municipal firm Gewobag will take over the thousands of apartments located in the Spandau and Reinickendorf neighborhoods in the western part of the city this December.
According to Jefferies analyst Thomas Rothäusler, the city bought too much. He told Bloomberg Rothäusler that, by his estimate, the housing units overpaid by about ten per cent above their book value.
According to the German opposition party, the Liberal Party (FDP), the Berlin authorities are contributing to property speculation by their actions. The FDP said in a Twitter post on Friday. The Alternative for Germany (AfD) protest party described the move as a "waste of money."
By mid-July, Gewobag had recovered 670 apartments in Berlin's Karl-Marx-Allee street, Der Spiegel recalled on its website. The price was not disclosed by the trustees at the time. The dispute over the apartments on the former exhibition avenue of the GDR was accompanied by protests and filled the front pages of the German press. It has become a symbol of the plight of tenants in large German cities, the paper wrote.
Meanwhile, the German metropolis used to be famous for its low cost of living and low rents. But it has become more attractive in recent years. Rent prices have doubled over the past decade, according to AFP, making it difficult for some residents to find affordable housing.
Nokia is suing the Brno company over the name Lokia. People will not mistake us, Moravians believe
Nokia has filed a notice of opposition to the Lokia brand application with the Industrial Property Office. But, according to CCV, product substitution is unlikely.
Early-stage software development firm CCV is facing legal action from Finnish telecommunications equipment manufacturer Nokia. Finns don't like that the Brno warehouse management firm's program is called Lokia WMS, the E15 newspaper reported. Nokia therefore objected to the application of the Lokia brand to the Industrial Property Office. The CCV considers that substitution is unlikely.
Marketing Director Petr Ondrášek said that two dozen customers are already using the program, which has been on the market since last September.
"The Nokia brand enjoys recognition and trust around the world. When someone attempts to register a mark that we believe may lead to confusion or weakening of our brand, we take steps to protect our valuable asset," said Nokia spokesman Mark Durrant.
Early developers say they did not think of the brand famous in the past for mobile phones when creating the inventory program. The name Lokia, according to CCV, is based on the Latin name for a single dragonfly species, the rapid movement of which is intended to be an analogue of warehouse movements by storekeepers.
"In the Czech market, the possibility of confusion is unlikely. We sell modern cloud-based software that companies equip their warehouse operations with, and we're not really going into the business of making mobile phones. And we don't want comparisons to a brandy that may be missing a train in its field," CCV manager Tomáš Kormaňák responded in E15.
CCV applied for the protection of the brand before the programme was launched at the Industrial Property Office in August. "It sought protection for goods and services in Classes 9, 35 and 42, as the software belongs to Class 9, the related business management services in the warehouse belong to Class 35 and the development of computer software to Class 42 according to the international classification," said Ondrášek.
Nokia's objection is based on the fact that the earlier Nokia mark is valid in all classes of goods and services, covering the widest possible range of goods and services, and therefore, of course, also overlaps in Classes 9, 35 and 42. "CCV does not dispute the objecting's assertion as to conformity on these product and service classes. Realistically, however, they are completely different brands targeting different audiences," said Ondrášek.
A brand dispute can take months, according to E15, and it can complicate a company's operations.
Sydney to London in four hours? In 2030, a possible reality
Sabre combines a classic aircraft engine with a rocket engine. It's designed to propel the plane at twice the speed of the Concordes. "Once the Sabre engine is operational, it could allow us to reach Australia in about four hours," said Turnock. And the distance between London and New York, for example, could travel a plane in one hour.
The Independent notes that so-called hypersonic flights, in which sound speeds are five times higher, are complicated because of engine overheating. But Sabre (Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) should deal with this problem by using super cold helium to keep temperatures from rising.
"The most important thing about Sabre is that it is a hybrid of a rocket and aircraft engine that is powered by a stream of exhaust generated from the air," says Shaun Driscoll of Reaction Engines. "Missiles haven't gone through this much development in the last 70 years, whereas the aircraft ones have. So if you combine the engines, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and essentially create a spacecraft," he said.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights expected to begin around the middle of next year. Commercial flights then around 2030.
Kovosvit is selling the administration building and other halls. Expecting a rainy day
Because of the restructuring, Kovosvit ended last year with a consolidated loss of 100 million crowns, with consolidated turnover of 1.3 billion. Chef's main problems last year include a shortage of workers and shifts in subcontractors. This year, demand for machine tools has fallen by 10 to 20 percent year on year. "Related to this is the expected fall in turnover of the order of ten percent," said the CEO. In 2017, Kovosvit had revenues of CZK 1.3 billion and profit after tax of CZK 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit is now offering for sale several properties, halls and land that it either does not use or only minimally. This includes the administration building, where it uses two of the five floors, and not yet fully. "Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to scale up Kovosvit, streamline its operations. The sale of assets is not part of any current solution, be it cash-flow, but part of a long-term plan where we want to devote all our resources to investment development," the CEO said.
About half of its production is exported by Kovosvit. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, to a lesser extent Asia last year. This year, Kuchař ranks among India's most interesting, where Kovosvit has won a contract for machines enabling five-axis machining worth CZK 100 million. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines worth CZK 30 million to China. "There is another contract under negotiation in the same amount that we would like to complete before the end of the year," said Chef. On the Russian market and elsewhere, Kovosvit faces restrictions due to sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centers to France, a company that subcontracted to Airbus. It delivered another machine in May this year, with one more due at the end of the year or early 2020.
This year's main corporate investment was switching heating from steam to hot water for CZK 20 million. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average working wage is CZK 28,500. The company is looking for casting grinders for foundry, machinists, machinists and electricians.
The company has been owned since September 2016 by industrialist and armourer Jaroslav Strnad. The company has a tradition of manufacturing machine tools. It was founded by Thomas Baťa in 1939. The company had up to three thousand employees at one time.
Milan Jakubů: The army stole the funeral for itself! Says Andor Shandor
There are still uncertainties surrounding the funeral of Brigadier Milan Jacob. Media outlets speculated earlier in the week that the Army had planned a final farewell to the Deputy Director of Military Intelligence, despite the family's wishes, as bombastic as soldiers can be. There were also discrepancies about the date of the funeral. Ministry of Defence spokesman Jan Pejšek denied this.
"It's nonsense! We've been in touch with the family from the beginning, the agreed Friday funeral date applies from the start, no one's changed it. Just like they pay for military honors. We're just going to deal with any media involvement with regard to the family," Pejšek told Lightning on Wednesday. Eventually, the funeral will take place on Friday indeed, and there will be no shortage of military honors, including a fighter overflight.
But there is still a tense atmosphere surrounding the final farewell to the popular general. The people who worked with the general in the past will not attend the funeral ceremony at the organizers' decision!
For example, there is the former head of military intelligence, Andor Shandor (62), who met Milan Jakub 17 years ago. Shandor remembers the former colleague as hardworking, intelligent and a "good guy."
In addition, he had met him regularly in recent years at the celebration of the anniversary of the Military Intelligence. That is why he would like to say goodbye to Milan Jacob. "I personally would go to Milan Jakub's funeral," Shandor told Lightning. But he can't.
"I know of other people in the organization who would like to go, but are unlucky because potentates usurp the funeral for themselves. I don't think it's right to privatize a funeral like this," the security expert said. Nor does he play the supposedly contemplated closing of the ceremony to the public for reasons of secrecy among the military brass.
"The leadership of the army is not classified, nor are the leaders of the military intelligence, because they need to be promoted at Prague Castle, we see them there. If the media's information is true and the family has indeed been snubbed by the military, that is, of course, the family's business. Personally, I would never allow the army to overwhelm the family and their wishes," Shandor concluded.
Milan Jakubů died on Saturday near Spindleruv Mlyn in a car accident. Milano Rapid's head-on collision with a Ford Mustang was allegedly caused by the driver of a Vojtěch Ch. sports car (31).
The amateur racer on the turn should have gone into the opposite lane, Milan Jakubů apparently had no chance to prevent the encounter. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the accident and is likely to carry the consequences for the rest of her life. Police interviewed the culprit in the accident on Thursday.
John Shiner's comments: Run the tracks like a business
Sky's election, though perhaps not entirely smooth, is the conclusion of a sad story about the state's inability to give the runways a clear direction. The board has been incomplete for over a year, and even after Wednesday night, that remains unchanged because one member has resigned. The makeshift lasts.
The selection process itself was a farce from the outset, if only because the requirements for candidates, particularly in the field of practice, were significantly relaxed. Compared to last year's selection, the requirements for the size of the firm in which the candidate was supposed to operate in the past have diminished. First the members of the selection committee, and then the supervisory board, played only the role of pimping.
Sky presented perhaps the weakest professional resume of the five finalists ever, yet with no experience of the big firm, he wiped out the veteran leaders of logistics giants and transport companies alike. The participation of interesting private-sector executives was perhaps the most illuminating aspect (and the best hope) of the process. They now know that they played only the role of narrative cues in the political game.
Maybe Sky will surprise, show great talent, and turn out to be the best track boss of all time. But, at least initially, it will be accompanied by the taste of political tobacconist. Czech Railways does not face an easy period, it has to cope with competition in market liberalisation and a lack of staff in service. Drivers, shifters and mechanics are missing. What motivation are they supposed to have for the next job and respect for management when the state acts like an elephant in a china shop in senior management?
The second important group is creditors. How the games at the top of the tracks will be interpreted, we'll see next spring when the tracks defend ratings. What is certain is that creditors perceive instability. Sadly, someone else goes to Moody's for Czech Railways to defend the rating every year. The agency's frequent changes in management of the railways and political influence on the company have not escaped, and it criticized them earlier this summer.
Among other things, the Yes movement spells out the slogan that the state must be run like a business. For starters, it would be enough to run one large state-owned company as a company, rather than as a state. Czech Railways is still one of the biggest companies in the country and it would be good if the best led them. They applied, but the state despised them. One can certainly argue that the post at the head of the railways has always been a political matter. But then we can dispense with the shenanigans of the selection process.
Pair wrapped tape around dog and drowned in river, bag found by kids
The case took place in late July in the village around the Wallachian Hats. A 27-year-old woman brought home a gift dog, one to two years old, that she wanted to take care of. But her partner of ten years didn't like the fact that she was a dog, so he decided to get rid of her.
'He wrapped the animal in duct tape and rope and considerably eliminated its vocal value. He put the dog in a jute bag, which he tied. Then together they drove the animal to the river, where it was dumped in a sack. At the moment the dog was thrown into the water, the dog was demonstrably alive," said Zlin police spokeswoman Monika Kozumplíková.
The following day, children playing by the river found a jute bag on the bank. When they opened it, they discovered the body of a dead dog inside. So they called out to a woman walking by and ran away. The woman reported the incident to 911.
"Officers have learned from the knowledge of the townspeople who is likely to be the perpetrator of this incredible act. And they were right. Both the man and the woman confessed to the crime and described how the event took place," the police spokeswoman said.
An expert statement in veterinary medicine confirmed that the dog had died in a decidedly harrowing manner as a result of suffocation, with the animal suffering in a matter of minutes before it died.
"The actions of the perpetrators no doubt indicate a clear intention to dispose of the animal at all costs in this reprehensible manner, even if they may have given the dog away or sold it. The Zlin Criminal Police Commissioner accused the couple of committing a crime of animal cruelty committed in complicity. The two not-yet-convicted could spend up to three years behind bars if convicted," Kozumplíková noted.
Thank you for the dance! Singer Leonard Cohen's final album will be released posthumously
The album Thank You for the Dance will include unreleased material and various musical collaborations put together by the singer's son. The album will be released on November 22.
In October 2016, You Want it Darker was released, on which Cohen collaborated with his son Adam. He asked him to help him finish the songs. In the intimate recording, Cohen symbolically comes to terms with his impending death. He died a month after the album was released at the age of 82.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen began working on the materials his father left him. He invited a variety of musicians to work with him - Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mas, or the singer Beck.
"When we invented music for our father's words, we used his own distinctive musical techniques. So he's still with us," Adam Cohen told the album. "What amazes me most about him is the reaction of those who have heard him before. One by one, they say Leonard is still alive," he added.
The first swallow of the album is the short song The Goal. "I'm almost alive, I'm almost home," Cohen sings in his characteristic honeyed voice. He sang of death, suspecting that he would not live to see the release of the new material. He also admitted it in an interview with The New Yorker a month before he died. "I am ready to die. I hope it won't be too unpleasant," he said.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen published his father's poetry collection called The Flame. It will be published in English under the name of Flame on 31 December by Argo.
First Miss Christo finally went all out: She lost a few pounds and saw right through
The first modern pageant in 1989, Ivana Christová (49) had long years of overweight problems that caused her not only physical problems, but mainly psychological ones. She suffered because she had changed a lot since Miss Czechoslovakia. But now it looks like she's taken the rebukes to heart and gone into battle with the extra pounds. Even if it's a long shot.
She had been a first-class beauty who had also conquered Paris. But it's been thirty years since then, and Ivana Christo can only remember the beauty pageant. Not just for fame, but for how thin she was.
Over time, she chose not to conform to the strict modeling rules that told her to be as thin as possible and often not to eat. She decided to stop listening and started indulging in whatever she wanted.
But she went from hunger strikes to overeating, which immediately put a dent in her figure. The extra kilos tried to disguise themselves with various loose clothing, adding to the plump shapes.
Now it looks like Ivana really went for herself. She visibly lost weight and began to dress tastefully and appropriately for her fuller figure.
Everyone here was surprised at the christening of Milos Zapletal's book (75) that she had seen through it again and was already regaining the features of the lovely brunette, who in 1989 made history not only as the first winner of the Miss post-Revolution pageant, but also by the controversy her victory caused.
Christova will forever be the first winner of beauty, but also the very first to be whistled at by spectators at the Palace of Culture and Sports in Ostrava as she donned her crown.
"A parody of justice." Scientist warned of cancer from pollution, sits in Turkish prison
Sik, along with other scientists, participated in a study commissioned by the Turkish Ministry of Health between 2011 and 2015. Its conclusion was that water, soil and food pollution in some industrial areas in the west of the country was linked to an increased incidence of cancer in the local population.
The scientists mentioned in particular the Dilovasi industrial zone, which is about 80 kilometers from Istanbul, and which houses a number of chemical and metallurgical plants. People living around it, they say, are far more likely to suffer from cancer than the international average.
Erdogan retaliates against coup, international criticism despite
To Sik, the government seemed to be taking no action on the matter, despite the study's clear conclusions. So he wrote several articles about the research in the opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet. Authorities subsequently began to prosecute him for leaking classified information.
"The study clearly showed the extent to which water sources were contaminated with toxic substances," Sik told reporters after the verdict. "The court's ruling shows that the results of studies directly related to public health may be withheld. This is unacceptable," the scientist added.
"Instead of pursuing people who are sounding the alarm through the courts, the Turkish authorities should investigate this major public health problem," said Andrew Gardner of the Turkish branch of AI.
Environmental and human rights organizations have long accused the Turkish government of not enforcing environmental regulations, despite the rapid development of industry in certain regions.
Following the foiled 2016 coup, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's regime launched a massive wave of arrests. Nearly 80,000 people are now behind bars, including a number of Cumhuriyet newspaper employees. The authorities have also suspended or dismissed 150 000 civil servants and members of the armed forces entirely.
The opposition and human rights organizations accuse the government of using the attempted coup to persecute its opponents. But the authorities argue that these are measures necessary to ensure national security.
The fastest man on the planet missed his tests. I'm not taking anything, he's fighting back
The traditionally highly watched race for the fastest man on the planet will be the World Cup hunt for defending silver champion Christian Coleman. The 23-year-old American is the world table leader at 9.81 seconds and has lost just once this year. But his start at the top of the season was in jeopardy because of a case of missed drug trials.
The US Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) closed his case in early September without filing charges due to formal reasons. Coleman did not pass three drug trials last year and this year, but not in 12 months. His first offense was dated back to 1 April 2018, the beginning of the second quarter, by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), but he did not skip the test itself until 6 June. And since the third omission occurred on April 29, 2019, Coleman did not plead guilty to three missed checks in 12 months.
Coleman argued that he had merely forgotten to update the app's whereabouts of athletes. "I don't do drugs or anything legal. A lot of athletes use legal creatine or protein powder or various other supplements for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I work hard, and that's what it's all about," he said before the TMS.
His only defeat in six starts in the 100 this year came as he entered the season at the Shanghai Diamond League, where he was outclassed by countryman Noah Lyles by only six thousandths of a second. He took advantage of Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League final, but he will only run the 200 at MS.
The paper's second-fastest driver, with 9.86, is the 22-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who has only done well in American university competitions so far.
Justin Gatlin, a seven-year-old American who flashed 9.87 at Stanford in June, will be defending the title. He ran his last hundred in Zagreb but only 10.29, having slightly injured his back thigh muscle.
South African Akani Simbine, three-time Rio Olympic gold medalist Andre de Grasse or European champion Zharnel Hughes are also among the favorites. The fastest Jamaican, with a time of 9.96, is 2011 world champion Yohan Blake.
The men's 100 starts Friday with the opener and the runs. The semifinals and finals are on Saturday. The medals will be run at 21:15 BST.
Plane crash at Zhinkova in Pilsen: Two people did not survive the accident
There were two people on the plane, a man (†63) and a woman (†38). "The plane requested permission to land at Klatovy's Cotton Airport at 8:30 p.m.," said police spokeswoman Dana Ladman. This was also the last entry, at which point the GPS coordinates said it would be located at Vojovic, near Žinkov.
But it never reached the Klatovy airport. A search immediately began for the lost aircraft that had sent a distress signal. "A military helicopter was involved in addition to the police," said police spokeswoman Martina Korand. But there was no happy ending to the search.
In the forest at Petrovic, near Měčín, which is about six kilometers from where the plane last checked in, a helicopter crew spotted the wreckage nine in the morning. "We found the plane and two bodies with no sign of life," Korand confirmed.
The crashed machine remained partially wedged in the branches of the trees, and pieces fell to the ground nearby. "We will investigate the cause of the accident in cooperation with expert experts and staff of the Institute for Professional Investigation of the Causes of Air Accidents," Korand added.
Civilization in Lent Time
Recently, I recalled a beautiful "catchphrase" from one of Shimka's great stories with Grossmann taking place partly in a cemetery, which goes like this: "I warned her that she cries well, but on a foreign grave!" It occurred to me that many of the world's politicians engaged in a pointless fight against climate change are now behaving very similarly.
They act as if humans rule on planet Earth. In fact, we are but a speck on its surface, which she can blow out with her giant powers like a gust of wind a candle flame. Probably not many of them watch the famous British and American nature documentaries dealing with the destructive capabilities of our little blue ball. After all, all it would take is for one of the larger active volcanoes to "fart" and our advanced civilization to shit itself out of it.
And that this will happen in the immediate future is highly likely. A number of large volcanoes are considered by leading volcanologists to be "charged and armed" (for example, Katla in Iceland).
In a way, it would be ideal if the eruption, if it had to happen someday, happened as soon as possible. Even before trillions of dollars are wasted in utter uselessness on measures to reduce carbon dioxide production, because any properly angry volcano, along with dust and poisonous volcanic gases, can pump at least a hundred times more into the air than was spared at the expense of the people of Europe.
So it makes no sense to cut CO2 production by force. Moreover, it has been scientifically proven that, with its significantly higher proportion in the air, plants form more biological matter and are also more resistant to drought. For humanity, eventual warming is considerably more favorable than, say, a rapid return of the Ice Age.
Bearing in mind the hitherto insufficiently researched effect of solar cycles on the Earth's climate, we must come to only one sensible conclusion: Let us try hard to keep the Earth as clean as possible, and let us try to adapt with the least cost to other changes with which we cannot measure strength!
Repairs to the krkonoš museum will be a year late
The Krkonoše National Park Authority (KRNAP) has postponed by three weeks the deadline for the submission of bids to the second tender for the repair of the Krkononos Museum in Vrchlabi. The original opening date for the envelopes was September 20, said national park spokesman Radek Drahný. The reason for the postponement of the deadline for submission of bids is the reduction of the budget from 110 million crowns to 83 million crowns.
"We're currently working with prices that are on the market. There has been a change in the budget, a price that we expect to be offered. If someone makes an offer that is acceptable, then the work will start as soon as possible," Drahný said.
Compared to the original plans, the museum's start of repairs is about a year late. KRNAP wanted to have a contractor selected for the building part by the end of last year and start construction work this spring. According to the management of the National Park Service, European subsidies of CZK 123 million per project are not under threat.
The KRNAP administration is failing to select a construction company for the museum's repairs. It launched the second contest this summer because, in the previous tender, all of the companies' bids had far exceeded the then-projected price of 65 million. Bids exceeded 100 million crowns.
The museum, housed in a former Augustinian monastery owned by the KRNAP Administration, has been closed since autumn 2017. The chosen firm should provide the construction part of the project. The total cost, including the construction of the new exhibit, is estimated at CZK 210 million. The now cleared facility is expected to have a KRNAP visitor centre by the end of 2021 after the transformation of the exhibitions.
A repaired museum with a new interactive exhibit, which should be a story of nature and people nestled in the mountains and build on the successful Stone and Life exhibit, should serve as a representative entrance gate for visitors to the Giant Mountains. The Visitors Centre should provide information about the past and present of the Giant Mountains in the most comprehensible form and encourage people to discover the mountains and protect them. It should also assume the role of a traditional museum. The centre will also offer opportunities to organise concerts, festivals, theatre performances or open-air lectures. The plans include the building of a new entrance to the facility, the creation of an explorer or cafe.
Toyota still believes in hydrogen, preparing second-generation Mirai
The Toyota Mirai was never meant to be a concept. Toyota was so serious about it that even though there was virtually no hydrogen-pumping infrastructure in the world, it still put it on the menu. Not quite standard, the customer really had to go after this car in a targeted way, but no one else was offering that option at the time.
Toyota Chief Executive Takeshi Uchiyamada confirmed at an international conference on hydrogen that a new generation will arrive next year. In fact, Toyota still believes that these cars have a future and will be priced to match hybrids within a decade. Of course, this is linked to the development of pumping networks. But the future is connected to hydrogen as well as electricity.
At the conference, the word "hydrogen" was often used to refer to the needs of eco-driving not cars, but big tractors, ships, trains, etc. Simply those means of transport that need to cover long distances for one refueling. Purely battery-powered versions cannot offer that. Toyota could thus find new outlets through great experience and long development.
It remains to be remembered that, like Toyota, Hyundai believes in hydrogen propulsion, which now also offers the Nexo hydrogen crossover.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right shade of lipstick: There's not just one red
When choosing a red lipstick, you should first determine whether you are a warm or cold type. Try a simple test - look at the veins in your wrist. If they're blue, you're the cold type, if you're green, then you're one of the hot types. When selecting a new red lipstick, put it in the first row just to sort on the basis of the undertone. Watch the texture in the next one.
If you rank with women with cold undertones, then purple, plum, cherry or mauve-colored lipsticks are suitable for you.
If you fall into the category of warm skin undertones, select those as well as lipsticks. You can tell by their tendency towards orange, coral, gold or brown highlights.
You might get some veins looking green and some veins looking blue. In that case, congratulate yourself - you don't have to look at the undertone, and you can only focus on your color preferences.
Purpose slander? Ústecká zoo gets new vet, no one is interested
Not until the end of this month. The city's management attributes this to rumors that sprang up around the former zoo director, as well as veterinarian Wenceslaus Ponourished, that he purposefully killed the exotic animals he cared for. For example, it was the female Zamba rhino, Kala the elephant, or Ninja the orangutan.
So the city council announced a new contract. "For veterinary care for a zoo with a projected value of 3.5 million crowns, excluding VAT, and for the city's Centre for Animals in Need with a projected value of 2.8 million crowns, excluding VAT," said Romana Mac, a city spokeswoman.
Deputy Mayor Vera Nechybova (UFO) explained that this is the third time the city has announced a competition for veterinary services. "Dr. Feelgood had to explain those unfounded suspicions. I consider it a blatant dereliction of such a fine expert," she remarked.
Experts specialising in exotic animals are very few, she says. "It's certainly not pleasant. In the meantime, the zoo provides veterinary care in the form of orders," she said. Orders and a contract cost the same money. "The garden, however, has to comply with the Public Procurement Act in terms of funding," explained zoo spokeswoman Nikola Roštejnská.
Vaclav Ponutril himself is one of the recognized experts. For example, he participated in a unique operation in which the oyster cheetah Jane was the first cheetah in the world to receive a total endoprosthesis. He held the post of zoo director from 2009 to 2012. He made no comment about anonymous defamation against himself. He didn't take phone calls or respond to text messages yesterday.
As for the contract for the zoo, some veterinarians mean that in zero interest there is not necessarily concern about similar purposeful allegations, as in his case, but simply little awareness. The Oyster vet George King, for example, has never heard of it. "This is the first I'm hearing from you. No one approached us. Such a thing will spread quickly, I think," he added.
New Underground architect oversees D line, bringing London Underground experience
The Prague Transport Company has selected an architect to oversee the design of the metropolitan metro. From October Anna Švarc will become her first priority, her first task will be the appearance of the new D line, but she will also be in charge of the existing stations. The subway, she says, can't just be seen as a transport structure; underground travel should also bring an aesthetic experience.
A Czech architect who was involved in the reconstruction of three London Underground stations, for example, won a tender launched by the Prague Transport Company (DPP).
In addition to it, 14 other bidders took part in the tender. "The selection process included a letter of motivation and a curriculum vitae. Apparently, my previous practice in London, where I was on a team of three people creating an aesthetic manual for the subway there, decided it," the new subway architect approaches. Her practice at the Institute of Planning and Development of the District of Prague could also decide.
He doesn't just see the subway as a traffic building. Stations should also have aesthetic value.
"I have ideas about how the subway will change as the space improves. However, I won't know how it's going to be done realistically until the next few weeks, when the transport company introduces me to their fantasies," says Shvar.
"This is not a series of dogmas, but rather a recommendation aimed primarily at keeping the context of all stations in the event that they are reconstructed," the design manual approximates.
Whether a similar tool is a way to improve public space on the Prague Metro is a question. The Prague metro is specific. "Whether the manual is ideal or whether a personality can cover it, I really don't know yet," Shvac concludes.
Former French President Chirac will be buried on Monday, with a public vigil on Sunday
The funeral of former French President Jacques Chirac, who died on Thursday at 86, will take place on Monday evening in the Paris cemetery of Montparnasse. French media are reporting this, citing Chirac's family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to bid farewell to the former head of state on Sunday afternoon at a memorial service in Paris' Invalides, where a coffin containing Chirac's remains will be displayed, the Elysee Palace announced.
Crowds have been pouring into the presidential residence since Thursday night, according to AFP, to sign the book of condolences. That will be possible until Sunday. Then, on Monday, President Emmanuel Macron declared a state mourning.
Meanwhile, there are further reactions from the world and from France to the deaths of the former mayor of Paris and president from 1995 to 2007, who Prime Minister Édouard Philippe today described as "French in the truest sense of the word."
Chirac was remembered by the Japanese, for example, as the politician was known for his love of their country and the sport of sumo. The news of the former French president's death made headlines in all Japanese newspapers, including sports ones, the French press notes.
The tribal art museum on Paris' Quai Branly avenue, which Chirac founded, will not be collecting admission fees for ten days in honour of the former head of state.
Pumpkin World opening delayed pumpkin ripening
New Ves u Leštiny (Havlíčkobrodsko) - A farm in Nové Vsi near Leštiny in Havlíčkobrodsk opened Pumpkin World for more than a month today. Decorations stacked with thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins are dominated by massive orange pyramids in the garden. The autumn event, which is becoming a tradition, starts a week later this year, as the pumpkins have matured longer in the surrounding seven hectares of the Pipkova family's fields. There are still a lot of them in the field, Jaroslava Pipková told TIME today.
The Pipks grow many kinds of pumpkins, but the weather hasn't been right for them the last two years. This year's harvest was delayed and some species failed to emerge. "As usual, we have plenty of orange pumpkins for Halloween, but some species failed for the fancy ones," said Pipkova. Still, there are several varieties to choose from on the estate, from the aforementioned large pumpkins suitable for carving and patting decorations through hokaido cooking pumpkins or oblong "spaghetti" to ornamental pumpkins of various colours and shapes.
Pumpkin growing is laborious. Farmers hand-hoe the plants and harvest their fruits, cutting off the stem of the pumpkin with scissors. Pumpkin World has been open to Pip's regularly since 2010, with past years attracting thousands of people. Pumpkin decorations are complemented by straw attractions or log mazes. Visitors will also see animals raised on the farm. It will be open daily until November 3.
Details of the event are available on the farm's Web site, where growers also offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, including pumpkin muffins or juice. Visitors themselves tell them about other ways to modify the pumpkin in the kitchen. "A lot of the cookbooks have tried their recipes, we get inspired, too," Pipkova said. She pointed out that some housewives also put pumpkins on sour like cucumbers.
The Ministry is planning a lump sum payment from 2021. Nothing changes tax-wise
The I.M.F. is preparing an amendment to the Income Tax Act under which an employee would receive food money directly. According to the I.M.F., a quarter of the workforce, or about a million people who do not yet receive food stamps, will also be able to support meals.
According to the chairman of the Association of Voucher Operators, David Rýce, however, even a number of small firms that do not have canteens or meal vouchers provide their employees with meals, for example by importing food or agreeing with restaurants.
"The gist of the idea is that we don't change anything about the tax advantage. Furthermore, it will not pay for health and social insurance," Schiller said on Friday. It added that the cap on the maximum employer contribution applicable as a tax credit would also be maintained.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the price of a meal ticket. The remainder is paid by the employees, in some cases by the employer, but no longer with the tax credit. The best value of the meal ticket for both employees and employers this year is £123.
Brin, Flash and Fisher safely through to the semi-finals of the WOC
Kayakers Vit Přindiš and Jiri Prskavec as well as Canoeist Tereza Fišerová have safely reached the semi-finals of the World Aquatic Slalom Championships in Seu d'Urgell. Addon was fourth in Friday's qualifying, Flash fifth and Fisher eighth. Three other Czech representatives will seek a semi-final start in Spain in the afternoon corrective qualifying run.
Vavřinec Hradilek, who was given a 50-second penalty for misdriving the goal, failed from a strong representative group of kayakers. You and Flash, on the other hand, can already relax and focus on Sunday's semi-final.
"I set myself the goal of taking the first drive into the 30s, which I did. Not that I don't care how I turned out, because it takes off very early on a Sunday morning, so I was hoping to be a little higher to have a better starting position,' said Donut, lauding his well-being in Seo. "Before the Watch Race, I felt the worst I've felt in two weeks since we've been here. But then in the race it was good and today it was better. It's beautiful all the time, nice races, the crowd came, so fine," he smiled.
Flash was happy, too. "What you don't want to do in qualifying is make a mistake. I wasn't really into it in the first few overs. Then I pulled up the middle perfectly, no problem, and I knew I had the mileage, so there was a second mistake when I wanted to go straight down and I turned the crest. Overall, I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, let's see how it goes," said this year's overall World Cup winner.
Both representatives praised the fact that they would not go to the start until the end of the semi-final block on Sunday. 'I'm not a morning person, it's also chilly in the morning, and when you're here at eight, it takes a jacket and a sweatshirt,' said Helmet. "Overall, the semifinals take an hour and a half, which is a pretty good difference in terms of sleep," Flash agreed.
Of the trio of Czech singkanoists, only Fišerová succeeded, Eva Říhova finished two places behind the advance 20, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35. "The upper part went as planned, the middle part felt like I wasn't running late and wasn't going as planned, but I was able to get into the comfortable footprint I wanted to go. I took two pokes, and I'm just behind the winner in net time. I have a good starting position in the semifinals," Fisher said.
Coal will give way to gas and the core. Renewables will not meet increased demand, says Europe's ExxonMobil chief
Renewables will not be enough for the Czech Republic to meet future energy demand. Due to unsuitable climates, wind and solar power plants need to be complemented by other alternatives, such as those using natural gas.
In an interview with HN, Philippe Ducom, president of the European arm of ExxonMobil, one of the world's largest oil drillers, says so. At the same time, it mentions that the large storage sites to store unused energy for later on days when there is plenty of sun and wind are still too expensive.
Ducom visited ExxonMobil's 1,200-person center in Prague, tasked with supporting the company's business activities and providing logistics and other services needed for the company to operate.
The Declaration of the End of the Right in the House, or What "right-wing" coalition of ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
There have been recent media and commentary reports of an upcoming coalition of said parties. Many applaud that the "right" is finally coming together, but I rather wonder why these parties still call themselves right-wing.
Aside from the new Trikolora movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a real right-wing party. And it doesn't matter how the subjects label themselves or what label is parroted by the mainstream media. The ODS is hardly centrist in its average of the party's top politicians, the TOP 09 is clearly the party of the city's pseudo-liberal left (which is ashamed of its leftism and thus hypocritically describes itself as conservative or even right-wing). STAN is a party that basically blends its conception, ideology, and voter targeting with the TOP 09 (the reason for its existence is just not clear to me). And KDU even labels itself a centrist in the long run - but their political compass is much further to the left than they say.
Do you feel like I've taken everyone out of the same water for good? No, I am based on the real political actions of these parties. If I think of myself as a classically liberal right-wing voter, the highest value for me is individual freedom, the free market and minimal state interference in the lives of individuals and the economy. How do these parties satisfy this general presumption of rightness? How many laws slashing people's freedoms with salami, raising taxes, confirming new regulations and increasing surveillance, increasing the link to a socialist EU, or promoting environmental and gender madness have they supported in recent years? A lot, a lot. Not their own labels, but actions identify them. These parties, for all their declarations or partial concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And that has nothing to do with right-wing.
I wouldn't be surprised at the coalition cooperation of TOP 09, STAN and KDU, they simply belong together on the political map, and apart from the Christian or, conversely, homosexualist and gender aspects in them, I can't really see the obvious difference for voters in terms of the influence of the state on their lives. However, the ODS has long portrayed itself as "the only right-wing" and, by associating with these three entities, is already revealing its true political affiliation.
By the way, when I briefly mentioned the stickers. Have you noticed how often all of these parties refer, in quite the same and cheap terms, to critics of dirigisme and socialism coming out of the European Union as pro-Russian agents? Can they not or just not understand that there are many people who do not smell as strongly of Euro-socialism and growing disenfranchisement as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Aren't they hiding their utter argumentative incompetence and their gratuitous or blind adoration of EuroEU conditions?
It is simply possible that in the Czech Republic, non-centrist politics no longer stands a chance of greater success. Maybe that's the kind of bonding voters really want. Perhaps they want left-of-center politics under the guise of the "right," because they are ashamed (or cannot even identify) of their political beliefs. I dunno. I'm certainly not one of those voters.
The unspoken death of a little girl (†8) in Příbramsk: The culprit does not face punishment
Unexplained cases are called "monuments" in forensic slang. But they, too, are investigated if new information emerges years later. Especially when it comes to the death of a child. Criminalist Jiří Markovic was able to investigate the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokop Valley in 1980, which was then 12 years old. "The 1955 case? That's going to be hard, very hard. It would be a start to find the file, it may no longer exist, to talk to those who investigated it. There's always hope, but it would be really hard," Markovic says.
Under the previous regime, there was little public awareness of violent crime, but according to Markovic, that certainly doesn't mean that it was investigated laxly. "It's always depended on specific people," the criminologist thinks. The problem may be that materials from the 1950s may be destroyed, although open cases should not be shredded.
Lucy White's father was no fan of hers. You won't believe what she was supposed to do for a living!
Who doesn't know that national treasure Lucie Bílá (53) is the original profession of seamstress and her own name Hana Zaňáková, is probably not living in the Czech Republic. But the singer herself has now revealed that she almost worked in a glass factory!
Lucy White knew from a relatively early age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love of singing was born when, as a little girl, she performed in a cultural house in her native Otvovice, where the warbler still lives.
"And I remember exactly where my mother sat. I was born a singer then," she admitted to Impulse Radio.
But her father was a little worried about his daughter's future, recommending that she take the path of a golden-bottomed craft.
"My dad always said, 'Craft girl, craft. Keep your feet on the ground!' He even talked me into going to the local glass factory. Glasshouse doesn't work anymore, I kind of do. I'm a trained seamstress, and at home I make beads into different rosaries and pendants, which I auction off at auctions and buy wheelchairs for money," she added with a laugh.
There is no risk in launching a new myth, the Kremlin reports. But a change of operator is in play
The Department of Transportation on Friday began preparations for a new tender to operate the new toll system. This is a fallback plan that would be used by the state should the current toll contract be revoked. Alongside this, the state is preparing another makeshift solution should the tender not be completed in time. It was posted on Facebook by Transport Minister Vladimir Kremlin (for YES).
On Thursday, the Office for the Protection of Competition (OPC) banned the performance of the toll contract between the state and the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium, with a one-year grace period. The Ministry will file a petition against it.
"There is no threat to the launch of the new toll collection system. Starting today, we are launching the preparation of a new transparent procurement procedure for the services of the operation of the new toll system, which is now being completed by the CzechToll and SkyToll consortium," said the Minister.
The state would thus tender for the operator of the currently planned toll, which will be launched from this December. So it would not be a competition for an entirely new toll system, as it was for the last tender, or for the use of the old system now operated by Kapsch.
But the ministry, according to the Kremlin, is also preparing for the fact that it would not be able to prepare the new tender in time. "Based on the experience gained so far with the toll tender process, I am deeply convinced that the OBR is wrong and that it is objectively impossible to prepare and implement such a complex procurement procedure and to hand over the toll system operation to a new operator within the 12 months set by it," he said.
As a result, the resort will prepare a provisional solution alongside the new procurement procedure, which would resolve toll collection for a transitional period until the state can find a fully-fledged form of solution.
As a result, the state is unlikely to take advantage of the offer made to it in recent days by the current administrator of the Kapsch myth. An Austrian firm has offered to operate the existing system to the state in case the toll contract is cancelled.
At the same time, the Kremlin reiterated its belief that a backup plan would not be needed. The Department will therefore file a challenge to the antitrust ruling.
The OBR issued a decision on Thursday prohibiting the performance of the toll contract. But the ban will not take effect until a year after the authority's decision becomes final. This is not final and may be challenged before the President of the Office. The ministry and CzechToll are therefore continuing to prepare a new toll, which should be launched in December.
Last year's tender for the new toll system and its operator was won by the CzechToll/SkyToll consortium. It succeeded in a toll tender offering CZK 10.75 billion for a 10-year operation. The current operator Kapsch, which failed in the competition with a bid of over 13 billion crowns, objected to both the tender and the validity of the toll contract.
I still see myself as a kid just getting by, says Jan Cina
"That was a big school for everyone who worked on it. I fell in love with the afro dance there. The way I have something of my dad's Roma in me, I'm absolutely fascinated by it," said Jan Cina, who considers himself mostly a musical actor.
Much fresher memories than the series The First Step has of being a painter in the new film National Class. Cina revealed that director Stephen Altrichter must have been very tempted. "The work was hard, but the result is worth it. The film was made a year ago. Hard and honest, but fun at the same time. It was on the National Mall, where I drove as a non-driver. Much was also made in the South City in Prague," he said to the Czech-German co-production picture.
Even though he's nominated for a Thalia Award for his role in The Little Prince, he doesn't consider it the pinnacle of his career. "I don't feel that way. I still see myself as a kid just getting by. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I can see the peak far ahead of me," he revealed, having not even thought about a thank-you speech in the event of victory. "Not really, but as a kid, when I listened to talk shows on the radio, that's what I always imagined, how I spoke to people."
Jan Cina has been living with a colleague, Petr Vančura, for 13 years. What's his formula for a happy relationship? "To love one another and to see problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," he revealed, reminiscing about the Czech Lions when his friend fell on the stairs.
"Yes, it did happen. He had new slick shoes, and the red carpet was slick, too. So it wasn't long before he was on the ground. He could make it a priority. He had a Vanchur Stairs workshop where he taught how to fall down stairs safely at VIP events."
A Chinese zoo rejoices in a baby macaque
"Our band currently has seven members. Her youngest member came into the world on August 17, gave birth to a female named Buffy and is her fifth cub, fathered by a male named Hitam. For the first days after giving birth, the female carried the cub tightly against her body, and for a long time she did not want to show the world if she had given birth to a male or a female. At about three weeks of age, however, the pup has already started to put it off for a little while, and so the keepers have known for a few days that it is a male," said zoo spokeswoman Alena Houshkova, noting that the Dechinese zoo has successfully bred 12 of the species' young.
Crested macaques are the so-called endemites of Sulawesi Island, that is to say, they do not live in the wild elsewhere in the world. A typical feature is the black fur and crested head they are named after. Crested macaques live in rainforests, mainly at lower altitudes.
Like most primates, they feed on both plant and animal food. The diet is very much dominated by the fruits of the jungle trees, which complement the flowers and leaves. They address the need for protein by eating tiny arthropods, larvae and, to a lesser extent, birds' eggs and young.
"Aside from the natural enemies that are pythons, everything else is written down by man. Local residents hunt macaques as favourite prey with tasty meat and for fur. The burning and felling of the rainforest is fatal for these animals," the spokeswoman said.
Germany reports its first case of West Nile fever from a mosquito on its territory. It has to do with climate change
In addition to West Nile, mosquitoes can also transmit malaria, for example.
Germany on Friday reported the first case of a person contracting West Nile fever on German territory after being stung by an infected mosquito. DPA has been informed. Until now, all sufferers have contracted the virus through travel or contact with sick animals. According to experts, the breakthrough case is linked to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute reported that a 70-year-old man from Saxony had contracted the virus. The disease was severe and he was being treated for brain inflammation at a hospital in Leipzig. He's healthy now.
The West Nile virus was first proven in 1937 in Uganda. Meanwhile, it spread to large parts of Africa, Asia and Europe, and in the 1990s to the United States. Its carriers are mainly birds and also mosquitoes, which are infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state-owned companies are to be re-tendered. Law can be circumvented, opposition says
"This is a typical bill that is unnecessary," said the chairman of the ODS party Zbyněk Stanjura.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the Chamber of Deputies has approved changes to avoid opaque distribution of functions in the future - critics talk about tobacconists - in state-owned firms. The new candidates should go through a selection process at a given ministry and will also be considered by the government's Personnel Nominations Committee.
But it is a compromise solution that the ODS, for example, does not like, because it will supposedly allow ministers to make excuses that selection boards are to blame for any poor selection of state managers. Moreover, the opinion of the said committee will not be binding on the minister. The news has yet to be approved by the Senate and signed by President Milos Zeman.
Prerov: Driver crashed near Kokory village: Died wedged in his Fabia
The tragic traffic accident took place on Friday on a straight stretch between Přerov and Kokory municipality. The 28-year-old driver of the Fabia couldn't handle the belching here and pulled out of the road. The car rolled onto the roof, leaving him wedged underneath. He did not survive the injuries.
"According to initial information found at the scene, a passenger vehicle traveling in the direction of Kokory went off-road, where it overturned on the roof and the driver remained wedged under the vehicle," Prerovsk police spokeswoman Miluše Zajícová told news.cz.
And where are the audience? Doha Can't Be London
At the same time, however, it is a step backwards, with the journey to Doha having voluntarily and consciously renounced the riveting atmosphere that prevailed in the sold-out London 2017 stadium as well as last year's European Championships in Berlin.
Giant banners on the walls of Doha's skyscrapers invite "the biggest sporting event of 2019." However, concerns about how dignified her backdrop will be are growing.
"Target tickets are sold out for all evenings," organizers say.
But that's too little.
The upper gallery of the Khalifa stadium, with a total capacity of 40,000 spectators, is already covered with brightly coloured sails, which also depict the flags of the 209 participating countries. Athletics has made its way in Qatar to a territory where it has no entrenched roots despite its annual Diamond League meeting.
So let's not be surprised that last week only 50,000 tickets were sold for the ten days of the Championships, although their price started at 60 Qatari riyals, or less than 400 crowns.
The organizers now set out to make sure that the uncovered sections of the stands were at least half full. That is why, according to sources in the British newspaper Giuardian, they are reportedly (though the organisers themselves deny it) handing out free tickets to migrants who work here as labourers, as well as to children. Which Sebastian Coe, head of the IAAF Athletics Association, can also comment positively: "That is how we can inspire the next generation."
Wealthy Qatar has won world championships in handball and cycling in the past, with football coming up after athletics in 2022. Oil's financial offerings will always be lucrative even for rich sports federations. This is the reality of today's sporting world.
But even if we accept it, leaving aside the absence of fans in the stadium, we can't help but feel a purely sporting sigh that the experiment with the first outdoor World Athletics Championships in the Arabian Peninsula should have been better timed by the IAAF leaders - and for another year. The extremely late deadline, imposed by the climate, crashes the entire pattern of the pre-Olympic season and thus the preparation for the key Olympic season, which would normally have started in October for athletes.
Perhaps Qatar will at least make up for it with technological innovations with which to promise ultra-modern and attractive championships. That it's just 37 degrees? Already, the stadium area has been artificially air-conditioned to twenty-four. And the advanced cameras, built right into the blocks, are also designed to give television viewers a close-up of what happens in athletes in the hundredth of a second before and just after the starter's shot.
Sparta is really packed this year, acknowledges playboy beaver Don't Knock it off
In his case, the increased motivation is more than understandable. In fact, playoff hockey defender Richard Nedomlel will go up against the club where he recently was in Friday's game. But the former Spartan is convinced that his teammates will be similarly, even if they have never worn the uniform of the Prague club.
"Everybody wants to pull out against Sparta," the playmaker says before Game 5.
In it, the Kings will try to stretch their winning streak, which at this point stands at three three-point wins apiece. After Kladno, Pilsen came the most appreciated by fans on Sunday, Mountfield went to neighbouring Pardubice for himself.
"But we can't watch the games that were. We need to focus on the matches we have now and play in them as much, if not better," the playmaker points out.
Even last year's standoff with Sparta should not be looked back on. They lost in three of their four matches, taking points only once after winning in Prague after extra-time. In addition, Sparta management has brought in some significant reinforcements this summer and expects the team to return to the top flight.
"Sparta's always had quality players, but what we'll talk about is they're really loaded this year," Unminted concedes before the first game of the end of this week.
And the other? Also a nice shift, waiting for Mountfield on Sunday afternoon in the Thirties.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has hidden bitcoins and doesn't know what to do with them
The Central Bank of Venezuela is conducting internal tests to determine whether it can hold cryptocurrencies. It responds to an instruction from the state-owned company Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which seeks to be able to send bitcoin and ether to the central bank and then pay the oil firm's suppliers in cryptocurrency. Employees are also studying a proposal to allow the central bank to count cryptocurrencies in foreign exchange reserves, which are now near a 30-year low. Citing information from four sources, Bloomberg reported.
The sanctions that the United States has imposed on the authoritarian regime of President Nicolás Maduro have largely cut Venezuela out of the global financial system. This exacerbated the country's economic crisis. Meanwhile, the current crisis is one of the most serious in global comparison, forcing officials to use a patchwork of different ways to move money. While Maduro's efforts to launch a state cryptocurrency first in the world have failed, ongoing efforts to use digital currencies show how desperate the government is to find ways to circumvent restrictions.
The Central Bank of Venezuela and PDVSA did not respond to a request for comment.
It is not clear how PDVSA came to own bitcoins and ethers, or how much value it owns these currencies. The business is having difficulty obtaining payments from customers through conventional channels because the large banks are unwilling to do business with entities subject to sanctions. Last month, the company received most of the payment of $700 million ($16.6 billion) in Chinese yuan because the parties could not find financial institutions to make the transaction possible.
PDVSA may not be keen to sell cryptocurrencies on the open market, as this would require it to register on the stock exchange and undergo due diligence, the so-called due diligence. Instead, he wants the cryptocurrency to be used by the central bank and paid with it to the entities that PDVSA owes. Officials at the oil firm believe that the central bank is less exposed to potential obstacles that might arise from cryptocurrency payments.
Bitcoins and ethers use a decentralised online ledger known as the blockchain to authenticate and record transactions. In some cases, relatively anonymous transfers are allowed without the need for an intermediary. Few banks engage in digital currencies because of money laundering and client information problems related to them and complicating compliance.
Cryptocurrencies, after the 2018 debacle, are experiencing a return to prominence this year thanks to the anticipation of their greater adoption by institutions and Facebook's plan to come up with its own cryptocurrency. Even so, they remain unstable. Bitcoin has fallen almost 20 percent in the last four days, but is up about 130 percent since the beginning of the year.
Neckermann cancels all flights, involving five hundred Czech clients
Neckermann is cancelling flights in connection with the insolvency of the British Thomas Cook and his German daughter.
"Czech company Thomas Cook, s. r. o., operating under the trade name Neckermann Cestovní kancelář, has not filed for insolvency," Šrámek said in a press release.
"However, CK Neckermann is forced to continue to cancel the scheduled departures of its clients," he added, noting that this currently applies to all departures from 26 September to 6 October.
According to Scrabble, some 500 clients will be affected by flight cancellations. The 800 clients of Neckermann who are abroad at the moment, he said, "will be taken care of and their safe return to the Czech Republic on their scheduled flight."
The travel agency admitted that some clients had been asked to pay for their stay. "In this case, clients need to contact CK Neckermann's SOS line immediately," added Šrámek.
The collapse of Thomas Cook took place on Monday. Meanwhile, in August this year, the travel agency entered into an agreement whereby creditors were to inject £900 million into the firm.
Half of the sum was to be obtained from the Chinese firm Fosun Tourism. On that basis, it was to become the majority owner. The other half was to be provided by bondholders and creditor banks. However, as early as 20 September, it was reported that creditors had demanded the travel agent make a reserve of £200 million or the deal was off. By Monday, the company had announced that it had gone bankrupt.
Someone killed a non-confrontational homeless woman under the bridge. Police seeking witnesses
According to the Prague police, the murder took place sometime during the evening and into the night of Tuesday. It is at this time that the police call for any testimony relates.
"Some of the drivers who passed on the bridge connecting Libeň and Žižkov, or on Pod Krejcárek Street, could have filmed the killer, for example, on a dashboard camera. A witness might have just seen him and might have described him. We will simply welcome any testimony on this case and receive it on line 158," said regional police directorate spokesman Jan Daněk.
According to a Tax spokesman, the murdered homeless woman was non-confrontational, did not drink alcohol and did not seek out the company of other people. A woman lived at the scene. 'She was most often in the vicinity of Krejcárk, Palmovka and Holešovice, when she was carrying large blue shopping bags,' Danek added, adding a description of the victim that could also help any witnesses.
Slovaks succeed, only to pay a fine for racist insults
The Slovak Football Association has succeeded in appealing against the closure of the stadium for racism by supporters. The representative was originally scheduled to play a European Championship qualifier with Wales without any spectators, instead the union will now merely pay a fine of €15,000 (around £387,000).
The UEFA Disciplinary Committee punished Slovakia and Hungary for the behaviour of fans at a recent mutual qualifying match in Budapest, which Czech coach Pavel Hapal's visiting charges won 2-1. It closed the stadium for one match and fined Slovakia €20,000, Hungary €67,000.
The Slovaks on appeal were only fined €15,000 for offensive political chanting. The closest match for the national team in qualifying for the European Championship with Wales on 10 October in Trnava will thus be made available to fans.
Basketballers under 17 for WOC medal, finishing fourth
Even the third MS 17 was won by the Americans, who defeated Spain by a narrow 77-75 margin in the final despite 40 points from Spain's Angela Salvadores.
"We really wanted to win and not be a potato, but maybe we wanted it too much. We got the start, but we couldn't hold it because we got overrun under the basket," said Captain Charlotte Maleckova. "Playing in front of such an audience was an unreal experience," she praised fans in Klatovy and Plzeň.
The Czechs started very well, taking an 8-0 lead thanks to two 3-pointers and dominating the field throughout the first quarter. At that point, it seemed they would return an 85-88 defeat after overtime. But the referees called 15 fouls on the stroke of halftime, and the contested decisions helped Hungary back into the game with a 12-2 run.
"I'm convinced that all we had to do was make two or three more baskets, run for 20 points, and we wouldn't let go. But instead, our mistakes came. I don't care about the referee, I care about what we did wrong, and there were mistakes that helped the opponent get caught," coach Richard Fousek said.
"It wasn't the first time we had a lapse in concentration. But the girls are fighters, they didn't release anything and they fought to the end. But the opponent was of high quality," he added.
The Czechs were particularly kept in the game by Petra Holešínská's accurate shooting from a distance and the pivot Tereza Arrow. But the top Czech scorer had a foul problem and was absent from the field for much of the third quarter. The Hungarians took advantage, gaining a slight lead that they had already held, even though the Czechs fought until the last seconds.
"For us, the first five games were very challenging, we rotated the games in a tight rotation and it cost us a lot of strength. Even against Spain, you could see the girls were tired and there was nowhere to take. Because of physicality, we weren't consistent on defense. We didn't play a quick counter-attack, we missed a jump shot. And the Hungarians are good enough that if you don't skim everything together, you'll have a hard time winning," Fousek added.
He believes his charges have a promising future. "In two years, the girls have won the Youth Olympics, come second in the 16-year-old European Championships, and now they're fourth in the world. By our standards, it is a quality team with good character and needs to be further worked on and talent developed. Now it's up to the federation to assign them a coach in the higher categories," Fousek added.
The End of Political Traffic? The new law won't help, according to critics!
But, according to some opposition members, the law is more likely to play into the hands of ministers to absolve themselves of responsibility for the election while continuing to choose their candidates.
Greater transparency in the selection process for posts in state-owned firms - this is one of the aims of the nomination law. 119 Members were in favour. For example, the law passed with the votes of YES, KSČM, Social Democrats and even Pirates.
Candidates for state-owned companies will have to go through a selection process before a government committee. For example, it was the Pirates who sought to make the recommendation binding on the minister. In the end, that didn't work.
Civic Democrats and the SPD fear that the nomination bill will play into the hands of ministers. "The new minister will be able to hide behind some decision of the commission and will therefore not have a clear transparent responsibility," thinks SPD leader Tomio Okamura. ODS Vice-President Martin Kupka speaks similarly.
The government committee should completely reject candidates who do not meet the conditions. These will include criminal integrity, debt-free status, a minimum age of 25, and expertise should be a key selection criterion.
The bill will still have to pass the Senate and then be signed by the president.
Tough competition for Skoda Kamiq. Kia XCeed is betting on rich gear, at what price?
The Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult model to classify. It falls clearly within the compact SUV but does not offer all-wheel drive. It leaves this item to the larger Sportage sibling, who is such a direct answer to cars like the Skoda Karoq, the Opel Grandland X or the Volkswagen Tiguan. In comparison, XCeed is also betting on more dynamic body shapes that, by sloping the rear end, may remotely recall the SUV-coupe world, popular in this part of the market especially among premium Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz brands.
On the other hand, the XCeed can't just be placed alongside wadded-up versions of classic compacts, such as the Ford Focus Active. Unlike him, the Koreans have made a lot more changes to the bodywork, so anyone who doesn't want to see Ceed in the shape of a novelty may not even see it.
Unlike a compact hatchback or a Ceed station wagon, the XCeed is also offered exclusively with supercharged engines, so don't expect the basic atmospheric fourteen hundred. The XCeed launches with a supercharged litre and also offers a supercharged 16-wheeler with 150 kW, reserved for the siblings version of the GT. Don't expect sports grade here. Turbodiesely 1.6 CRDi is only offered in mild-hybrid form, that is, the internal combustion engine is assisted by an electrical system that helps to reduce consumption and emissions. From 100 kW it is also possible to pay for a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic alongside the manual.
Soon, the menu will grow to include a plug-in hybrid, a variant that travels roughly six dozen kilometers just for electricity. The battery can then be charged from a normal socket.
Simona Krain: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucia White!
The day before the christening of the Fuck The Age calendar, Simona Krain posted her last pictures of herself completely naked! "I was a little worried about people judging me for taking pictures of myself naked at my age. I'm a pretty shy guy. But so far I've only had positive reactions. I wanted to show women that when you want to, you can still have a solid figure at 46. There's toil and austerity, of course, but there's no other way."
"S We took about three thousand pictures with Lukáš Dvořák, selected about a hundred, and there are twelve on the calendar, so the rest are still waiting for their moment. It's definitely not the last time I'm naked," the model, who had also come to her baptism very revealing, confided to Lightning.
She was wearing an elongated Bernhardt jacket and shorts underneath, but they weren't visible, so it looked like she'd forgotten her bottom. Daily running has made her legs stronger, so she can afford similar models.
Simona was so pleased with her success that she kissed everyone she met at the christening. Husband, friends, even Lucia the White.
Autotuner brought the voice of the digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, says the headline of a long text written for the Huffington Post by Michael Hobbes and photographed by Finlay Mackay. In a provocative twist, it says that for decades the medical community ignored the facts about obesity and waged a fierce (and also unnecessary) war against overweight people that not only tainted public opinion but also destroyed many lives. But now is the time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes puts at the outset is the fact that there is often a very long and tedious journey from knowing and knowing the facts to putting them into practice. He mentions a case of scurvy, in which some captains, as early as the seventeenth century, gave their crews lemons, limes, and oranges, believing that they would prevent the disease. However, the British Navy withdrew from the practice due to concerns about increased costs. The fruit's clear influence in preventing and treating the disease was then demonstrated in the mid-18th century, but it took another fifty years for the Navy to take that into account. Seat belts existed long before the invention of the car, but they didn't become mandatory until the 1960s, just as the first confirmed asbestos-related death dates back to 1906, yet its first ban came in 1973.
"Every public health discovery - no matter how significant - has always had to compete with the traditions, prejudices, and financial incentives within the society to which it was intended to be implemented," Hobbes writes. In American society, nearly 80 percent of the adult population and about one-third of children now meet the definition of overweight or obesity. More Americans now live with obesity than breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and HIV combined.
At the same time, obesity is seen as a singularly personal failure of the individual, which is claimed to weigh on health care and reduce GDP. The fear of being fat is so great in the population that Americans now spend more money on diets than they spend on computer games and movies. But the truth is that diets don't work. As far back as 1959, research showed that 95% to 98% of attempts to lose weight end in failure, and two-thirds of people on a diet subsequently gain more weight than they lost.
Armed with statistics, Hobbes goes on to describe the lifestyles and traumas of overweight people. The personal meets the systemic, with, for example, only 19 hours of the entire study devoted to nutrition in teaching future physicians. Which is at a time when the 60 calorie process Americans take in comes from ultra-processed food - that is, over-processed food.
How stigmatized obesity is illustrated in turn by reports from surgeries, where overweight people typically experience shorter checkups, are treated with less empathy by doctors, and are viewed as more problematic patients.
But overweight is far from just an American problem, as Hobbes writes, Since 1980, obesity rates in 73 countries around the world have doubled, rising to 113. And in that time, no country has managed to diminish and stop the increase. None whatsoever.
The Brno Grand Prix? Ticket price hike imminent
The most expensive item is the reforestation fee each year before the Grand Prix. This year it was about a hundred and fifteen million crowns. "The mass of people who come to Brno at the Grand Prix will spend money on accommodation, food or entertainment there, which should more or less offset the costs of organising the event, including the reforestation fee," the economist Petr Pelc assessed.
According to him, the importance of the race is also in attracting tourists to the city. "The campus doesn't have that many world-class tourist attractions. The Grand Prize attracts visitors from abroad. It is as important to Brno as, say, a Tuřan airport or a fairground. And these are projects that are supported with public money," the economist added.
Brno Grand Prix
- cost of the past five years: CZK 686 million
- profits from the past five years: CZK 682 million
- problem: lack of money to organise, mounting clearance fee for promoter Dorna
- possible solutions: more money from the state, use of advertising space, increase in ticket price
- state of play: renegotiation of contract to host races for the next five years
According to the director of the Institute of Public Administration, Filip Hrůza, organizers must now evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. "The Grand Prix sucks money out of public budgets for other things. But to some extent it is a political issue, not an economic one," he thinks.
In the future, the cost of a motoring event may be even higher. In fact, the option of increasing the reforestation fee almost double is in play.
"The situation is not closed, we must try to negotiate the best possible terms with Dorna. It also depends on the extent to which the state is prepared to contribute to hosting the race. Should the worst-case scenarios materialise, I am afraid that it is not realistic for the city and the region to pay the amount," Brno Mayor Markéta Vaňková admitted.
As the newspaper Rovnost has already reported, representatives of both the South Moravia Region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising due to the difficulty of raising money for the Grand Prix. "Dorna's condition is that advertising must be placed in places that don't take up cameras. Also limited is the choice of companies, because if Dorna has a general sponsor, then a company from the same area cannot be the second sponsor," Vaňková explained.
For the next few years, the organisers can also get more money from tickets. "We have to sit down and say what the cost is going to be. And we have to adjust the ticket revaluation," said Brno's opposition representative for the Yes movement and former mayor Petr Vokřál.
D5 accident: Highway closed by truck crash
The incident was reported around 08:00 on the 22nd kilometre in the direction of Prague. "The highway is closed, at least for freight. Passenger cars can go through the gas station," police spokeswoman Michaela Richter said this morning. Traffic was restored around 2:30 p.m. Preliminary damage, according to Richter, is at least two million crowns; the cause of the accident is being investigated by police officers.
A spokesman for the Central Bohemian firefighters, Petr Svoboda, said that one truck was carrying passenger vehicles and the other a plastic granulate. "Due to the large impact, there was a shift in the transported vehicles which firefighters first had to secure against a possible fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank that leaked about 200 gallons of diesel fuel. Another 200 litres were drained by firefighters. Environmental workers from Beroun City Council were called to the accident because of a fuel leak. The clearing of crashed vehicles and the clearing of the highway was secured by a private firm, which also removed the contaminated soil.
Failed qualification. Czech athletes are not doing well in Doha yet
The Doha World Championships began with qualifying setbacks for Czech athletics. Diana Mezuliáníková dropped out in the 800-meter heats, and the pole-vaulter Romana Malthouse and the hammer-wielder Kateřina Safranánková, who defended the eighth place she had surprised in London the previous year, failed to qualify.
The hurdler Vít Müller will complete the run on Friday and the night marathon race will be run by Marcela Jogl.
Saffron threw her third attempt at 65.46 metres and fell nearly six metres short of her year's best, which she would have had to improve to progress. Malthouse jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was beyond her reach. To participate in the final, the 460 cm limit had to be climbed.
Mezuliáníková, who only reached the championship at the last minute thanks to an invitation from the IAAF International Federation, finished in fourth place at the penultimate sixth rung, and a time of 2:03.48 minutes was not enough for her to reach the semi-finals. It was one-and-a-half seconds shy of its year-end peak. "It was pretty quick for me, unfortunately I was fighting a rival on the bend there, which kind of took my strength away. I felt like I still had the strength, but that's where it slowed me down. I almost stopped and had to start up again, so it was a little uncomfortable in that one. I can't be completely satisfied," said the Czech representative.
She was happy to outrun at least one competitor at the finish line. "She really wasn't doing well, so any defeated opponent was good. But I think it was for that fifth place. Unfortunately," she said. The fastest halfback in the heats was Winnie Nanyond of Uganda in 2:00.36.
Doha lacks the best eight-year-old in recent years, Caster Semenya of JAR, who has too much testosterone in her body but, like some other runners, refuses the treatment mandated by IAAF rules from this year.
In the 100-meter heats, the American Christian Coleman confirmed the number one favorite, with a time of 9.98, the only one to go below the 10-second mark. His compatriot Justin Gatlin, who at 37 is aiming for a title defence, has also advanced to the semi-finals. Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who is a 9.86 second-place finisher this year and was expected to face Coleman, who has a 9.81 mark this season.
Cuban Juan Miguel Echevarría showed excellent form in the qualifying of the distance, coming within 840 cm with his first jump. No athlete has jumped that far in an MS qualifier in 20 years. The 21-year-old Cuban leads this year's standings at 865 cm.
French Oscar nominee Les Miserables opens the Be2Can parade
Golden Bear and the two acting awards from this year's Berlinale, the Director and Jury Awards from Cannes and much more will be presented by the 6th annual Berlin, Venice and Cannes Film Festivals. This year, too, the Be2Can festival will bring a selection of the most remarkable and inspiring that has presented the competitions of Europe's three major film festivals.
The opening film of this year's pageant will be the French drama Les Miserables, for which the author of Ladj Ly took home the Jury Prize at this year's Cannes Film Festival. The picture is a French Oscar nominee. The premiere of the film in Prague will be personally presented by the leaders of the two leading roles of police officers of the criminal unit, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zonga. Alexis Manenti is also a co-writer of the film's screenplay.
Be2Can will take place this year in the Prague cinemas Lucerna and Edison Filmhub, as well as in Brno (Cinema Art), Ostrava (Minikino) and in Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) from 2 to 8 October.
Director Ladj Ly's feature debut has been featured and awarded at a number of other world festivals following its success at Cannes. At the MFF, Durban won the Best Film and Best Screenplay awards, and has been shown at the MFF in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo, and will soon also be shown in San Sebastián.
But as part of the festival, viewers can also enjoy the films Synonyma, Mladý Ahmed, Narrator of the System, Goodbye, my son, Pardon, we missed you, Ghost City Anthology and Golden Glove. But they can also enjoy other fresh news from this year's Venice, which will head to Czech distribution: the sci-fi Ad Astra, the Joker, for the Czech triumph of the Painted Bird.
Which cities will disappear under the sea?
The vote by the upper house of Canada's parliament confirmed a familiar rumor for days: Canada is revoking the honorary citizenship of a former human rights legend, Nobel Peace Prize winner Do Aung San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who spent years under house arrest for trying to bring freedom to her country, has lost her honorary degree for her part in the genocide against the minority Rohingya people.
The decision to take Suu Kyi's honorary citizenship was agreed a week ago by the lower legislative body, and senators have now unanimously endorsed it. "It is the right message for her, for Myanmar and for the world," independent Senator Ratna Omidvar commented on the decision of her colleagues. "We must make it clear that accomplices to genocide here in Canada are not welcome - all the more so as honest citizens."
The Canadian parliament's verdict does not technically change anything for Suu Kyi, it is only an honorary title, but on a symbolic level, it is a powerful message to her. The silence of a longtime human rights activist on the atrocities that the army of majority-Buddhist Myanmar has been committing against the Muslim Rohingya minority for endless months is intolerable.
The fact that officially organised genocide is taking place in Myanmar, and that Suu Kyi - the de facto prime minister of the country's government - has utterly failed in her duty to protect her citizens, was recently reported in a UN report. Specifically, it mentions the names of several army commanders who, according to the investigation team, should stand trial for crimes against humanity committed in actions that - as the report says - "shock both the horror of their actions and the enormous scale." Suu Kyi and her led administration, according to the United Nations, have been complicit primarily in covering up the soldiers' actions and releasing a fog of lies around them by protecting them - for example, that it is an "anti-terrorist operation."
Following the removal of Suu Kyi, she remains on the list of honorary citizens Canada's five personalities: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tenzin Gjamccho, 14th Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, 49th Imam of Shiite Muslims and Malala Yousafzai.
The Canadian Museum of Human Rights also reflected developments around the former icon of the struggle for freedom and democracy, with Suu Kyi's profile adding information about atrocities against the Rohingya and a parliamentary decision to strip her of her honorary citizen title. "We have also dimmed the illumination of her picture on the tableau showing the timeline of the struggle for human rights and are thinking of replacing her face with a portrait of some member of the Rohingya minority," museum spokesman Rorie McLeod is quoted as saying in Canadian media.
The only thing that will remain so in Suu Kyi's current upheavals - at least so far - is the Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to her at the suggestion of Václav Havel in 1991 for a huge contribution to the struggle for democracy. "While Ms Suu Kyi's current actions are regrettable, her award will not be annulled," the head of the Nobel Foundation, Lars Heikensten, told CBS Canada.
Microplastics have reached the human gut, study confirms for the first time
Scientists have confirmed several years of suspicions. The team, led by University of Vienna professor Philippe Schwable, has published a study that proves for the first time the presence of microplastics in human faeces. While the study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia - tiny particles of plastic measuring between 50 and 500 micrometers were found in the samples of all subjects studied. None of the eight subjects was a vegetarian, six of them did not avoid sea fish, all drank water from plastic bottles and food wrapped in plastic.
And it would actually be a bit of a miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplastics - which are either produced directly, for example, for the needs of the cosmetics industry, or are created by the breakdown of larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water and sodas; in short, everywhere on the planet. So their entry into the digestive system of man was only officially confirmed. There were roughly 20 microplastic particles per ten grams of stool, and scientists estimate that more than half the world's population will have them.
Of course, both lay and scientific consciousness suspect that this is not a good thing. But humanity still doesn't know how bad it is - and what effect microplastics have on "host" organisms. Small particles can reach the bloodstream or lymphatic system and end up in the liver, for example. "This is the first study of its kind and it has confirmed what we have long thought. Now that we have the first evidence of microplastics in the human body, we need to continue to explore exactly what this means for human health," Schwabl says.
So far, it is known that microplastics in the gut can negatively affect the immune responses of the digestive system, making it easier for poisonous chemicals and other pathogens to be absorbed into the body. And, as yet, there is no known solution other than to limit the use of plastics, especially polypropylene. But that will be difficult - the first task facing governments and authorities will at least be to halt its steep increase. Just for plastic bottles, experts estimate that in three years, humanity will consume one-fifth more than it does today. The current rate is a whopping million bought bottles per minute. Every year, some eight million tons of plastic end up in the seas and oceans. The waste threatens marine ecosystems and infects the digestive systems of marine animals.
Some states have already moved to restrictions and other measures; Kenya, for example - under the threat of draconian penalties - has banned plastic bags. The European Commission is considering small bans (a well-known straw), along the same lines that the country's Ministry of the Environment is heading. Critics, however, argue that such measures are nice but utterly inadequate.
Harry in Princess Diana's footsteps (†36)! Where's Meghan?
Diana was exceptional in that she could grab people's hearts. In January 1997, she caused a stir when she visited Africa and especially the minefield. The pictures of him wearing a protective suit and face shield have become iconic. And even then, no one could have known that a few months later, the princess of human hearts would breathe her last in a tragic car crash in Paris.
Now her younger son, Harry, had scored, too, going to the same place as her after 22 years. He went to the mine-clearing site at Diric in Angola, also donning a special protective suit and looking very thoughtful. Surely he couldn't help remembering the beloved mother he'd lost at just 13.
Harry gave an on-the-spot speech where he praised the efforts of the Halo Trust, which works to defuse minefields and other explosives in countries where war has taken place. "The minefields are the unhealed wounds of war. By cleaning them up, we can help the community to find peace, which also brings opportunities," he said, also appealing to save and maintain wildlife and the local river as a source of water. After that visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huamba to rename the local orthopaedic centre after his famous mother, Princess Diana.
He didn't forget to mention it on the official instagram account either: "The Duke is honored to visit a place and community that was so important to his mother, to meet their tireless mission, and to speak for all those she (Diana) felt most needed to be heard, even if the problem wasn't exactly popular worldwide," a post on the Sussex Royal's instagram said.
But royal fans may be annoyed that he did not take his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months) on such a quest to remember Diana. They've both had separate agendas for Harry since Wednesday, apparently to protect them. After all, taking a little baby to a minefield doesn't sound very safe, and Harry doesn't want to put his beloved family at risk at any price.
Only children. We don't have reproduction, but we don't have to scare
Some words have ominous connotations, though they merely convey the state of affairs. They include the word only child. It identifies a child growing up without siblings, but does not sound neutral. "You know, an only child," they say, with nothing to add. Interestingly, "only child" has always carried this trait, from a time when terms such as demographic crisis were not widely used.
By now, even people outside the scientific community know that a fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman is required to ensure the population's simple reproduction. It is also widely known that no state in Europe today achieves this value. At most, France or Sweden are close, but European states are not assured of a simple population reproduction rate. (Within the West, only Israel stands out, with a cumulative fertility rate of 3.1 children per woman.) It's a situation made for alarmism. So it's no surprise to see the Minister for Employment and Social Affairs, Malthouse, falling for him too: "There are almost as many only children as there are two-child families," she said in an interview with the LN. But she had neglected the devil hidden in the detail.
Yes, it is good to draw attention to the problem, rather than to downplay or ideologize it. Like Germany, where campaigning for more children easily wins the label of fascism (in the "so Hitler supported" style). It's good to be reminded that many couples plan for only children directly. It is a good thing if politicians show the will to remove the obstacles that lead to those decisions (perhaps the weak expansion of work from home discourages women from further pregnancies). But in spite of all that, let's draw attention to one thing.
If Minister Malthouse says "there are almost as many only children," there is a drop of demagoguery. That statement was spot on 20 years ago. Let us remember that fertility in the Czech Republic last ensured simple reproduction in 1980 ("The Husband Children"). It then dropped to a formidable 1.14 in 2000. But since then, it's risen almost fifty per cent, to a current 1.70 children per woman, Europe's above average. This is not yet enough for simple reproduction, so action by politicians is appropriate. With the alarmism alone, they can take it down a notch.
Costa Rica is a champion in the fight against climate change
Costa Rica received the title for several reasons. For a start, behind the plan to be carbon neutral by 2050 - but that is what a lot of countries have committed themselves to under the Paris Agreement. The Central American nation, with a population of around five million, produces only 0.4 percent of the world's emissions. Costa Rica has also pledged to switch fully to renewable energy sources by 2030, with 70 per cent of buses or taxis expected to run on electricity.
The official tourism organisation says that already about 95 per cent of energy comes from renewable sources - in 2017, Costa Rica operated on them for a total of 300 days.
Costa Rica boasts nearly 30 national parks.
Afforestation density contributes to the reduction of emissions. Rainforest with a variety of fauna and flora, covering more than half of the country's territory, is also one of the main tourist draws. "Costa Rica is a pioneer in nature conservation, setting an example for other states in the region, but also around the world. Climate change requires urgent action from all of us," the UN said in a statement.
Costa Rica can boast nearly 30 national parks, which is a lot, given the country's small size (51,100 square miles). Rain or mist forests, coral reefs or mangrove marshes are home to five percent of the world's biodiversity. The country also has volcanoes, quaint waterfalls, and you would also find several rescue stations for sloths.
Sparingly to the planet. The Night of the Scientists begins in Prague
"V Prague I would definitely visit CTU and see a model of what smart cities will look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Institute of Anatomy at the medical school, which is not open to the public at any other time," advises Jitřenka Navratilova, national coordinator of the Night of Scientists.
The Institute of Anatomy offers a tour of the autopsy room and a chance to experience working with surgical instruments.
"Then I'd go over to ZZU and watch the movie Green Desert," Navratilova adds. Nine labs will also offer guided tours. This year's Night of Scientists motto is "planet-friendly."
Attorney General resumes prosecution of mother who manipulated daughter against father
Attorney General Pavel Zeman disagrees with the acquittal of a mother who has long manipulated her daughter and interfered with her relationship with her father. She was facing charges of battery and endangering her upbringing. The county court acquitted her, Zeman disagrees. Such conduct, according to his appeal to the Supreme Court, can be regarded as an offence.
The Supreme Court ruling could have a broader impact on other cases. "A more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse may also be considered necessary in terms of guiding further application practice," according to Zeman's submission.
The Svitavy District Court last year initially found the woman guilty of abuse of a person entrusted to her as well as endangering the child's education. She and her daughter formed a solid, even symbiotic bond, even in a situation where she was to be entrusted to her father.
The result was a pathological fixation on the mother and a markedly negative relationship with the father. The situation marked the emotional development of her daughter, who was even hospitalized. She had threatened self-harm in the event of a transfer to her father's care.
The Svitavsky court sentenced the mother to two years in prison, with a two-year probation. But the Pardubice branch of the regional court acquitted the woman on appeal, saying it was not a crime. The same verdict was repeated by the county court after the Supreme Court had already ordered it to rule again.
The regional court found that situations in which one parent manipulates the child against the other are not uncommon. They are dealt with in custody proceedings, possibly with the help of psychologists or youth social protection authorities. Exceptionally, the solution is criminal law.
However, according to the Attorney General, the woman committed both abuse and endangering her upbringing. 'The accused acted with complete purpose in arousing in her daughter negative feelings towards her father, and in a targeted manner reinforced those negative emotions. By doing so, she was not only pursuing an illicit intention to restrict or exclude her father's contact with a minor, but she must necessarily have been aware that it would result in negative consequences in the psychosocial sphere of the minor," the appeal states.
Zeman asked the Supreme Court to refer the case back to the regional court once more. It follows from the appeal that the child is now in the care of the father.
Step aside, he challenged Schiller for words about opposition scum Czernin
"I find it completely unacceptable that a member of the Czech government anywhere, much less on the floor of parliament, should use such totalitarian expression," Czernin wrote in an open letter to Schiller.
Her words caused a stir when she discussed a draft constitutional lawsuit against President Milos Zeman. The opposition didn't get enough votes, and the draft constitutional bill the Senate came up with was knocked off the table by members.
"I get dozens of messages from people I don't know. There's not a single voice in support of this lawsuit. There are messages of support for the president and messages of how taxpayers' money is being spent here, how empty straws are being beaten. And I even allow myself, I don't use hard language, to quote one of them: He's opposition and senatorial scum," the finance minister said.
"With these terms, the Nazis used Jewish citizens and the Communists used their political opponents. It is a rhetoric of totalitarianism, without a shred of respect for man and opinion," TOP 09 Vice-President Czernin, who will contest the post of party chairman in the autumn with the previous first vice-president, Marguerite Pekar Adama, wrote to the minister.
"I was quoting one of the many reports I've received dozens of during the course of House business. Their common denominator was disgust at the constant personal disenfranchisement we see daily in domestic politics, which was also the main motive for Thursday's House proceedings. It surprises me that the term someone refers to themselves," Schiller responded to TIME.
Businesses destroyed, street fires, memorial procession followed by riots
Five years ago, 43 students at Ayotzinapa High School disappeared, despite extensive investigations, the case has yet to be solved. It was alleged that the students were to be detained by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not clear exactly what happened after that, according to the investigation, but the students apparently ended up in the hands of a local syndicate and were subsequently killed and burned, reports APTN.
A memorial procession was held in Mexico's capital on Thursday, families wanting to express their frustration that answers were still not being found to explain their children's disappearance.
But the largely peaceful march was disrupted by smaller groups of vandals, destroying everything in their path. Vandals destroyed shops and hotels, did not shield themselves or destroy landmarks, set fires and blew out windows around the city.
Even before the march, President Andres Manuel López Obrador said he would do everything possible to catch him and asked the public for any information that would lead to a clarification of the case.
Over 142 people have been detained as part of the investigation, but not one of them has been convicted. Many of them had to be released because their human rights had been violated, investigators were supposedly supposed to torture suspects, the APTN adds.
Mahulena Bochanova has interrupted her annual detox and is sinning again!
More than a year ago, Mahulena Bochanova told Lightning that she had given up alcohol. "During the holidays, I thought I'd give my old crushed 50-year-old body a breather. I gave myself a deadline forever. I feel terribly rested, I have a lot of energy and, most importantly, my psyche has improved. I haven't been mentally well lately. I get up better, I don't have a headache, I have more energy, more money."
A year's abstinence was enough, he said, and the actress found her way back to alcohol. "Sometimes I have bubbles or fine wine, but I don't drink what I used to. I'm having one drink and I'm having fun until morning. I have a bottle of wine in the fridge for a week. I also enjoyed non-alcoholic beer, which I can drink at any time," said Mahulena, who still forms a couple with the Brno businessman Peter.
Bochanova has also returned to the theatre season after the holidays and will be joining the series "Ordination in the Rose Garden." "I'm ashamed of the first two performances, I was really bad, I overspoke. But it's getting better," the actress smiles critically.
Jaromir Soukup has spoken about Gotta: He wishes him mainly peace of mind
Moderator and entrepreneur Jaromir Soukup (50) will not be startled by any questions. On his show Call and Write to the Boss, he makes public comments on various topics. And he's no stranger to tabloid stories, which he glosses over with sparkle and wit. Though this time he wasn't in the mood to laugh.
For Jaromir Soukup has commented on the sad news, which is the very serious illness of Charles Gott. He promised the singer one very considerate thing for himself.
"You know, Karl got sick and said it fair and square without the tabloid press poking around. I don't want to comment, it's a serious illness, we all have the utmost respect for Karl Gott. And I would wish him a successful treatment, of course, and peace of mind! The peace he needs now," Barrandov, the TV owner, conceded.
"I wish the media would leave him alone. And she waited for the news that Master himself would choose to give to the media. I don't really like the different expressions of what his old acquaintances and various celebrities think about his health. And for our media, I can say that we will only attend to his illness and his person if he shows an interest in it himself. I think the other media should consider a similar approach."
Young Czechs think they're good with money. Survey doesn't confirm
"It turns out, then, that young Czechs have somewhat more confidence in their knowledge of finance than they do in reality. Women and respondents without a high school diploma had a significantly greater share of bad answers in this case," said KRUK Director Jaroslava Palendalová.
Men and young high school or college students are more likely to believe in their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs learn the most about how financial affairs work from their parents (37 percent), self-study on the Internet (23 percent) and only in the third row from teaching at school (21 percent).
Questions around finance mainly consult women with parents, while men are more likely to look for information online. Acquisition of financial information from parents predominates across all ages of young people, regardless of their educational attainment or personal income. Financial institution prospectuses, professional journals and publications have virtually minimal influence.
"Once again, the importance of bringing up children is being demonstrated by their parents, who represent authority in all major areas of life. Therefore, the level of financial literacy of parents who transfer their knowledge and experience to their offspring is crucial," said Palendal.
94 per cent of young people prefer savings and investment.
Clearly, the young are on the question of whether it is better to save up and get a house or flat, for example, or to enjoy and spend the money, rather than saving and living on your own.
94 per cent of those surveyed follow a strategy of saving and investing in fixed tangible assets. This applies across all ages of young people, regardless of educational attainment, social status or current level of personal income.
The investigation strategy is then 100% held by people married with two or more children and public sector employees. Instead, people living alone and with an income of over 30,000 kroner a month are more likely to enjoy themselves.
The thinker was injured falling from a sitting position, carried to the ambulance for three hours
The unfortunate accident took place before 7:30 p.m. in the top lots at the Chert Mill.
"It was very difficult and inaccessible terrain, so we dispatched five of our rescuers with proper equipment to the injured man. At the same time, we asked for cooperation from the Medical Rescue Service of the Moravian-Silesian Region. Paramedics then dispatched an ambulance to the accident," said Libor Kluz, a dispatcher with the Mountain Service of Beskydy.
Rescuers found the huntsman in the designated area with multiple injuries. He was treated immediately and then gently but with difficulty transported on a so-called Austrian trolley across the impassable terrain.
"Transport along the route about a mile and a half was slow and difficult. The injured nimrod was therefore handed over to the ambulance crew after approximately three hours," added Libor Kluz.
Fortunately, a fellow hunter was able to describe in detail the whereabouts of the injured man, according to Radan Yashkovsky, the commissioned chief of the Mountain Service of Beskydy as well as the intervening rescuer.
"We found it relatively quickly, therefore. However, if he had the Ambulance app on his phone, our rescuers would have been there earlier, and at the same time the 155 dispatcher would have known about the accident and his situation immediately," Radan Jashkov commented.
He added that a charged mobile phone with the ambulance app activated should be taken for granted in the mountains today.
Squire a monument - The man straining the Constitution calls for law enforcement
Anyone who moves in a camp-divided society and doesn't want to go completely bonkers will welcome situations where they don't have to root only for their own. When he can give the pluses to whomever he otherwise criticizes. If only so he wouldn't feel like he was navigating by pre-assigned stickers. Such situations include a list of badly damaged monuments that President Zeman fences on his favorite trips to the regions.
Everybody knows what's going on. And who sometimes travels through the Czech Republic, he sees many of those devastated monuments - from the centers of historic cities to individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches or farms - with his own eyes. Everyone suspects that even here demagoguery can come into play. That if we criticise City Hall for not caring about monuments or some horror in the zoning plan, it may be the work of former administrations. Or a privatised property whose owner is not traceable. The head of state of local politics calls out: "The Section of the Monuments Act allows you to fine the owners of objects who don't care about their property." But even if the owner is undetectable, it must be admitted that the president calls for law enforcement. Which even critics of his constitutional bending should recognize as a plus.
Of course, Milos Zeman would not be Milos Zeman if he were considering all the details and formalities of a complex problem. But he stands up for a good cause much like the squatters he doesn't recognize. Two years ago, we wrote: "Despite all the profanity, squatters draw attention to a problem outside the current interest. For one thing or another, the structure is in a state of emergency." And let's face it, the president is doing the same thing de facto.
Arriving in the historic centre of Jáchymov, you marvel at how devastated it is - including houses with Renaissance cores. At a time when Jáchymov is celebrating 500 years of silver mining and tolars (for Americans, dollars). Why? Said to be due to fast-track home sales in the 1990s, say officials there. But how is it that seven kilometers away The Island, the seat of Shleiks who struck the Joachim dollars, has its historic core nicely repaired? It is a good thing when the President draws attention to these things.
Babiš called for security cooperation in a memorial to terror victims
Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and wife Monika visited Ground Zero, New York, September 27, 2019, for the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
Terrorism is the main enemy that all nations in the world should fight together. At the end of a five-day visit to the United States, Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš said as much today at the New York Memorial of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. On this occasion, the Prime Minister commemorated two victims of Czech origin.
"It's a very touching place," the prime minister said as he laid a white rose at the names of Lukas Rambousk and Czechoslovak émigré Alena Seshinova, accompanied by his wife, Monica. Both were among the more than 2750 dead from the hijacked plane attack on the former World Trade Center (WTC) twin skyscrapers. The towers of the World Trade Center collapsed on impact, with a memorial now in place with a list of the victims.
"We need to remember what happened here, the horror," said Babiš. The September 11, 2001, attack on the US was cited by the prime minister as a reason for the UN to cooperate in a unified campaign against international terrorism. In addition to destroying the World Trade Center skyscrapers, the terrorists had crashed a hijacked plane into a Defense Department building in Washington, and were planning another strike on a target in Washington, apparently the White House or Congress. But this plane crashed when the passengers confronted the hijackers.
"This is our main enemy, where all the states of the world should come together and fight international terrorism in a coordinated way," the Czech Prime Minister added.
The Slovenes have also beaten the Polish world champions and are in the final of the ME
Slovenian volleyball players will make a sensational play for the premier European Championship. With the support of nearly 12,000 rioting fans in Ljubljana, they beat the reigning two-time world champions the Poles 3-1 and are the first finalists.
Who they will challenge in Sunday's climax in Paris will be decided between France and Serbia on Friday.
The Slovenian team was much more compact in the semi-finals than the Polish world champions. They owned only the beginning of the opening set and, with luck, the end of the second set, but the home volleyball players were outplaying each other on defense, and of the players in the red-and-white jersey, only the native of Cuba, León, was effectively scoring.
The home side, on the other hand, featured both the pack-horses Chebuli and Urnaut in life-form, as well as the second all-rounder Štern, who was soon replaced by the unimpressive Gasparini. The Poles had paid the price for winning all their previous matches at this Euro with supremacy, while the Slovenes were growing in confidence after tough play-off battles with both Bulgarians and Russians.
With the Poles this August, the Slovenes lost 1-3 in the Olympic qualifiers in Gdansk, but were beaten back at home. But now he will leave Stožica's sold-out Ljubljana Arena. However, after today they have a certain second medal in history, in Paris they can improve on the unexpected silver from ME four years ago.
At the previous European championships, Slovenes finished eighth, behind the Czech team.
Technology Companies Want to Rule Our Cities
Francis Fukuyama's history is a little out of whack. In 1992, at the height of the wave of liberalism that followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political scientist wrote in his most famous book, The End of History and the Last Man: "What we may be witnessing ... is the final point of humanity's ideological evolution and the universal acceptance of Western liberal democracy as the ultimate form of governance."
Twenty-six years later, we are more likely to see, from the US to Russia, from Turkey to Poland, and from Hungary to Italy, illiberal models prevail, and different forms of nationalism and radicalism thrive. Fukuyama's current ninth book, Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment, attempts to match the emergence of these forces. As his interview with the New Statesman by George Eaton shows, he is reviewing many of his former positions: he argues that the ideas of socialism should be brought back to public space, and Marx was right about much of it. At the same time, he insists that his mental development is still in line with the position of the 1990s, and critics of The End of History and the Last Man said they misunderstood.
"What I said back then was that one of the problems with modern democracy is that it provides peace and prosperity, but people want more than that... Liberal democracies don't even try to define what a good life is. It leaves it up to individuals who feel alienated, who don't see the point, and therefore group together in identity groups that give them a sense of belonging."
In its day, The End of History and the Last Man was written as a powerful argument against Marxists who saw communism as the final stage of history. When asked about how he now perceives the rise of socialists in Britain and the US, Fukuyama replies: "It all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we are talking about the ownership of the means of production, then unless there are clear public services in demand, I don't think that will work. But if you mean redistricting programs that attempt to resolve the huge income and wealth imbalances that we are seeing, yes. I think not only could he come back, he should come back. In many ways, the long period started by President Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher, in which certain types of ideas about the benefits of an unregulated market came into play, had a disastrous effect."
In the end, Fukuyama is trying to defuse even the current situation, warning all liberals that even the emergence of new not-quite-democratic regimes will not be the end of history.
The soldiers are rehearsing, pull down the curtains. China sets up celebrations at the site of the massacre
The army rehearsed the parade during recent weekends. Shops in central Beijing had to close and residents near the square were ordered to close their curtains. Military trucks rolled down the deserted streets toward the plaza, and fighter jets circled in the sky.
Several Chinese told Reuters they were proud that their country would display its military might. But one woman said it was hard to deny that celebrations would make other states uneasy.
She was apparently referring to Taiwan, which China claims and where elections are coming up. But they may also be worried in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, in which thousands of people have repeatedly demonstrated against the Chinese-appointed administrator.
Celebrations are also being prepared outside Beijing. The southern Chinese port of Xianmen had already put on a special light show on Thursday night. Siamen is across from island Taiwan and is one of China's ten most innovative cities.
The list of forbidden items is growing ahead of the anniversary. It already has drones, balloons, dragons, alcohol, radios and devices using radio waves, the Guardian pointed out. He added that China's popular social network Weibo was deleting "damaging political information."
"It's another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Chinese Communist Party is staying (at the oar) despite all the predictions," said historian Maura Cunningham, who covers China. "It is a moment when the party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was established in 1949 when the Communists, led by Mao Zedong, won the battle with Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalists, who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960s, China underwent a disastrous communist experiment in the form of the so-called Cultural Revolution. In June 1989, the regime in Tiananmen Square massacred thousands of pro-democracy protesters, both students and workers, with tanks.
Since the late 1970s, China has increasingly taken on elements of the capitalist economy. According to critics, it is now a mixture of the worst of communism (one-party monopoly and persecution of the opposition) and (Dickensian) capitalism (worker exploitation).
No entry for Czechs or children. Choi reveals discrimination in restaurants
These included misreporting on prices and non-respect of the principles of fairness of sales.
In one case of discrimination, a restaurant in Prague refuses to let smaller children into the establishment. According to Choi, he writes on his website that the facility is not suitable for children under the age of eight. "When asked electronically by the consumer if it is possible to order a table for four adults and one child aged four at the restaurant, the restaurant employee electronically replied that they do not accept the presence of children under eight at the restaurant," Fröhlich said.
In the latter case, another Prague establishment did not want to let Czech-speaking people at the table, while allowing English-speaking people to do so. "English-speaking inspectors, in the position of a consumer, were not allowed to sit at the table in the restaurant and place an order. English-speaking consumers have been allowed to do this," a spokesman for Choi said.
Both cases are now being dealt with in administrative proceedings. As they are not yet finalised, the Inspectorate spokesman was unable to provide further information on the restaurants in question.
But discrimination has occurred in only a very small portion of the restaurants inspected in the second quarter. In total, Choi carried out 139 inspections. In addition to the two instances of discrimination, it detected other misconduct in 64 cases. Most of these were shortcomings in respect of the principles of fairness of sales and failure to inform consumers of the prices of products and services in accordance with the regulations.
Earlier on Wednesday, the inspection reported cases of discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreigners were charged sums higher than Czech-speaking clients. In these cases, final fines of CZK 60,000 have already been imposed.
A vacation with just a credit card? NEO account offers withdrawals from ATMs around the world for free!
According to surveys, about half of all Czechs who go abroad have become accustomed to paying directly by card. Among the main reasons are, in particular, convenience, security, but also the possibility of using travel insurance, which often comes with a payment card.
Travellers in almost every corner of the world can appreciate the convenience of paying by card. This is particularly true in popular tourist destinations, but payment cards are now accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, perhaps for work, don't have time to go repeatedly to exchange cash. And even "vacationers" don't want to rely on cash to make ends meet. Moreover, some foreign currencies are not even available to Czech banks or exchange offices. For the NEO account, we have therefore solved this so that its users can withdraw cash free of charge from all ATMs wherever they are," says Kateřina Petko, Director of Marketing and Communications and Spokesperson for Expobank CZ.
Moreover, a payment card, as opposed to cash, is a much more reliable way of not losing your money. With the loss of a full wallet, its owner may not be eager to see the money he carried in it. However, if he loses only his payment card, he can easily block it immediately over the phone or through online banking. So they may not suffer any financial loss at all if they act quickly. "There are other advantages to keeping money in a bank account besides protecting it reliably. For example, for an NEO account, this is 1.6% interest per year, among the highest among both current and savings accounts. It is set up and managed completely online without the need to visit a branch. In addition, the money in the bank account is insured up to €100,000, and account management is completely free," adds Kateřina Petko.
For anyone about to go abroad, travel insurance should be a foregone conclusion. The option of negotiating it and paying by card online makes it possible to do so even at the last minute. But owning a payment card alone often means insurance protection when traveling. "For example, for embossed MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business, travel insurance is an integral part of foreign travel to all countries around the world. Holders of these cards can also insure their family with whom they are travelling. They often miss out on any other arrangements," adds Kateřina Petko of Expobank CZ. However, it is always advisable to check the scope of the insurance in question, i.e. whether it covers all the activities that travellers plan to undertake.
We're looking for motivated immigrants. A pediatric clinic foreman is building an international team of doctors, bringing their stories
Albanian Ledjona Toni studied medicine in Czech, and today few people know she is a foreigner.
There are hundreds of foreign medical students in the Czech Republic who could stay and work here. A paediatric clinic in Motol, Prague, tried to recruit some of them.
To arrive at the Motol hospital in Prague around 5 p.m., Tara Hussein Tayeb had to get very early. A Kurdish woman with close-cropped hair flew to the Czech Republic from Suleimania, a city in northeast Iraq, where she works as a pediatrician in a hospital and still treats small patients in private practice in the afternoons. He also teaches at the university.
Spiller at par. Indianapolis is on the verge of advancement after the first round
Golfer Klara Spilkova is on the verge of reaching the final rounds after the first round of the Tech Championship in Indianapolis. She made two birdies, two bogeys at the LPGA Championship Series on Thursday and finished the opening day on par. With a score of 72, he's tied for 69th, which is the projected cut.
The 24-year-old Spilková returned to the circuit a month ago after a two-month medical break and did not make it to the second half of the tournament in Portland. She had been given a rest because of fatigue and exhaustion from her overstuffed illness.
The first Czech winner of a professional tournament at the European LET Series is a first-year member of the LPGA Tour and has not fared well so far. She made the cut three times in 12 tournaments, the best being 32nd in Hawaii. He's fighting to keep his card for another season.
The Indianapolis tournament was played best by Korea's Hor Mizhong. He scores -9 after the first round and is two shots ahead of his three opponents.
Prague Stock Exchange rose slightly, with Czech banks, O2 or Avast doing well
The Prague Stock Exchange closed the trading week with moderate growth. The PX index rose 0.13 per cent to 1038.45 points. He was pulled up by Czech banks, the telecommunications company O2 or the technology firm Avast. On the contrary, the Austrian titles and media company CME were not doing well. This is the result of trading on the stock exchange's web site.
For most of Friday's session, the Prague Stock Exchange traded in slightly positive territory, eventually ending with a small gain. "However, it has lost just over one percent in the whole week (the PX Index)," Josef Dudek of Fio bank pointed out.
Domestic banks have partially corrected the declines of the past few days. Komerční banka improved by 0.82 percent to 803 crowns and Moneta Money Bank by 0.41 percent to 72.80 crowns. Shares in Avast were up 0.89 percent at 113 crowns, and the O2 operator added 0.46 percent at 216.50 crowns.
Kofola's securities grew the most, by 1.38 percent to 294 crowns. Less than a percent was then acquired by the tobacco company Philip Morris, whose shares rose to 13,640 crowns.
Securities at energy firm ČEZ stagnated at CZK 520 on Thursday.
Losses were three titles - Erste Bank was off 0.87 per cent to CZK 779.20, CME 0.73 per cent to CZK 109 and VIG 0.40 per cent to CZK 618.
The crown weakened slightly against both major world currencies. On the euro it lost four pennies to 25.85 CZK/EUR, on the dollar three pennies to 23.62 CZK/USD. It's based on the data on Patria Online.
My heart feels like a bell and the lungs of a non-smoker. I'm just going to have a few infusions, Zeman joked
The head of state underwent an hourslong medical examination at the Central Military Hospital (CDC) on Tuesday. According to the director of the hospital, Miroslav Zavoral, doctors did not find any "morbid conditions" in the president. The president will celebrate his 75th birthday on Saturday.
Doctors checked the president for mild signs of dehydration. His low pressure problems were caused by a lack of irrigation. "In order to repair the dehydration of the organism, I'm going to take a few infusions to get minerals into my body," said Zeman.
Otherwise, he said, the director of the CDC noted that "the Czech state has a healthy president." In this context, the President mentioned that Zavoral had received several hateful messages for the health check.
According to the president, doctors examined him thoroughly and didn't leave out a single spot on his body. "So here's a quick recap: the heart is beating like a bell, the lungs are clear as if he's not a smoker, the liver works like I'm a teetotaller, the kidneys are fine, too, and I can go on and on," said Zeman.
The newspaper iDNES.cz reached out to the military hospital to comment on Zeman's statement about his health.
The issue of Zeman's health became an issue especially at the time of last year's presidential election, or at some public appearances where Zeman has obvious walking problems. According to Prague Castle, the president is walking poorly due to diabetic polyfunctional neuropathy. He also has problems with low blood pressure and is harder to hear. He cut back on smoking for his health.
For their study, scientists look for toddlers with a birth defect called ankle valgosity
Valgozite (spraining) of the ankles is a birth defect that affects five to ten per cent of children. By default, they are treated with intensive exercise. Scientists are trying to help these children even more, so they have developed special footwear that should significantly speed up treatment.
"We have two prototype shoes that will be worn by both healthy children and children with a diagnosis to map the effect in both groups. Participation in research will have no risks for children and the measurements will be completely painless," explains Marta Gimun, research director at MU's School of Sport Studies.
Parents of both groups of children can report to the study via the web, where a registration form and all information are available.
Scientists are looking for fifty children with a diagnosis and fifty children who are healthy. Of each group, half will always wear health shoes and half will not.
"The moment parents should sign their child up is when they're taking the first solo steps, typically letting go of the furniture, for example, that they're holding onto when they're trying to walk. Participation in the research involves three measurements within seven months of the child's first steps, each lasting about 20 minutes, with half of the participants also wearing the shoes tested," Gimun points out.
A pike in a pond, or a relatively affluent chancel?
Babiš chose statistics such as good security (the Czech Republic is seventh in the world), low unemployment rate, low national debt for his optimistic view. Or the figure that our country is 24th in quality of life out of 140 countries evaluated, according to a recent study.
But developer Dusan Kunovsky and architect Josef Pleskot also reported other, not nearly as "rosy" data in a television interview to mark the Architecture and Development Summit. For example, the Czech Republic is ranked 154th in the world in the speed of building control. It may be that the current economic "boom" does not leave any significant builder legacy behind as it did in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only the existing legislation, but also the slow, inefficient bureaucracy. This is also documented in comparative studies, in which the Czech Republic lags significantly in the overall quality and performance of public administration behind developed countries.
Our country has simply not yet been able to make good use of the potential of the good economic situation of recent years to invest in the future. While it's nice that salaries and pensions are being raised, people with improved living standards will also want to have a place to live, to travel modern and fast, to have quality cultural stalls, to live without an intolerable environmental burden.
But perhaps in the capital, Prague, it has been impossible for years to complete the inner and outer circuits, or to build a speedway or metro to an airport. And Prague doesn't even have a modern, architecturally daring national library, concert hall, or national gallery. The reason for this is not only absurd wrangling over architectural competitions, land-use plans and building permits, but also a kind of specifically Czech conservatism that adheres to the slogan "every bolder change is for the worse."
And when it seems that something bolder might succeed, it will almost certainly be thwarted by monuments or other somewhat opinionated associations, or by politicians. In the absurd drama surrounding Jan Kaplický's "blob" designed for the new National Library building, even President Václav Klaus wanted to tie himself to the backhoes.
But the list does not end with Prague. The Czech Republic is unable to complete its backbone motorway network or to start building train speedways, so Germany finally decided to run its tracks for super-fast trains from Berlin to Vienna by "detour" through Bavaria. Moreover, repairs to existing infrastructure are sometimes drowned in shenanigans. Getting from Prague to Brno quickly is now a puzzle.
Babiš came into politics promising to "make things happen." But not much has happened yet when it comes to making meaningful investments and speeding up cumbersome bureaucratic procedures. While an amendment to the Transport Infrastructure Acceleration Act is in force from 2018, we will have to wait for the larger beneficial effects of, say, easier land expropriation. And a new building code, passed by the government, which it said would cut the current average length of building control from 5.4 years to one year, will, if we are lucky, start from 2021. Not many people would bet on that, though.
Unbrushed wants $45 million from the state
The Ministry of Justice has received six applications in this context so far, according to a spokesman for the office of Vladimir Řepka, and is now analysing them. The teenager had been in prison for two years for assaulting the woman, but was finally acquitted by the judiciary.
Both the Attorney General, Pavel Zeman, and the Minister of Justice, Marie Beneš, did not lodge appeals in the case.
The attempted murder of a hairdresser in Hořice happened in February 2013. The Hradecka Public Prosecutor's Office indicted him as a 20-year-old student at Uncombed Grammar School. The prosecution said he hit the woman several times in the head with a log and then took over ten thousand crowns from her. Her son found the seriously injured woman, her life saved by the doctors at Castle Hospital.
Uncombed denied any wrongdoing from the outset. "I'm innocent, and I swear it. I am sincerely sorry about the damage, but I am not the perpetrator," the young man, who did not deny being at the salon on the fateful day, said earlier in court. He said he wanted a haircut. But he left after his wife told him she was closing. He then turned himself in to the police as a witness.
At first the hairdresser did not recognize him as the aggressor in the interrogation, but later identified Ralph as the assailant. According to forensic experts, she suffered blackouts after the attack.
The Hradecky Regional Court handed down five consecutive sentences in the case. First, he found Ralphie guilty twice and sentenced him to 16 years in prison, the Court of Appeal reduced his sentence to 13 years. Uncombed, he went behind bars twice, each time getting free after the Supreme Court's intervention. After an ordered replacement of the bench, the court's acquittals were eventually overturned, the most recent being upheld by the High Court in March this year.
However, the chairman of the Board of Appeal, Jiří Lněnička, also stated in the grounds of his conclusions that this was a bad decision, but said he had no better option due to the procedural situation. He said he dismissed the prosecutor's appeal against the acquittal, even though her appeals were justified.
"The problem with this case is not that there is a lack of evidence, but an evaluation of it. We consider that sufficient evidence has been gathered in the pre-trial proceedings, which in another criminal case would be more than sufficient for a finding of guilt," stated Lněnička.
But both the Castle and Supreme Courts felt differently about the case, and they said that another reversal of the acquittal would probably not change their minds.
Epilepsy complicated his love of sports, surgery gives him new hope
The first time Honzik's parents noticed something was wrong with him was in a year and a half. He would stare into space for a few minutes at a time, freeze, and not react to anyone. So the pediatrician sent him to a pediatric neurology clinic, where, after a series of exams, doctors diagnosed him with epilepsy and immediately put him on medication, which didn't work immediately.
It took nearly a year for doctors to find the ideal combination of drugs that made him stop having seizures altogether. By the age of five, his doctors had stopped his medication, and since his seizures had not returned, his parents assumed that John was healthy and began to lead him more into sports. He rode his bike, skied, played tennis and floorboards, spent his free time playing games with his sister and his friends. But at the age of 11, he had another seizure and it started all over again.
The doctors tried different combinations of drugs again, but nothing worked this time, the seizures of absences kept recurring. Since he had always lost consciousness during the seizure, his parents were terrified that he would get it in sport and get hurt. Gradually, John stopped riding his bike and traded his downhill skis for cross-country skis and a snowboard. Although the sport occasionally gave him fits, he never gave up completely. He even fulfilled his dream of running the Spartan Race, but with a friend who kept an eye on him to help out in an emergency.
When John was 15, his parents decided to try to change doctors and turned to specialists at the FN in Motol. After a series of examinations, doctors there concluded that Honza was a candidate for surgery to remove a deposit from his brain - the source of epileptic seizures. "I had to have two surgeries in a row, first the doctors put probes into my brain to scan its activity, then they were able to remove the bearing. It's been a hell of a few weeks for me. All I had to do was lie there and hardly move, with wires sticking out of my head that were connected to the computer," recalls Honza.
The operation was successful, and doctors removed the rather extensive deposit. 'The first days after the operation were very psychologically demanding, with John apathetic, confused, sad and barely able to speak. Contrary to how normally animated and communicative he is, it was a frightening change, but luckily after a few days everything went back to normal," the mother describes, adding, "A month and a half after the operation, he had 1 seizure, but according to the doctors, it happens. He's been seizure-free for 3 months since then."
This school year, Honza will be graduating, he enjoys languages in addition to sports, and has started working with Company E, which he drives around schools for epilepsy sessions. Honza is not yet fully engaged in sporting activities, he is starting to return to the sport gradually. "I'm learning how to play sports properly, how to breathe well so as not to put my body under sudden stress, which is quite a challenge with my competitive nature," explains Honza.
This year, therefore, they will not actively participate in the traditional EPPI watering triathlon meeting epilepsy sufferers and healthy athletes, which is already taking place this weekend on 28 September 2019 at Veselian Sandbank. But by next year, I think I will.
XXX Lutz may buy competitor Kik, the bureau has authorized. But there's a catch
"The Competition Authority has authorised the merger of competitors - XLCEE-Holding GmbH, on the one hand, and Kika Furniture and Lambda Properties Czechia, on the other hand, subject to the fulfilment of structural commitments set out in favour of maintaining effective competition," said Martin Švanda, spokesman for the OBR.
XLCEE- Holding owns Möbelix stores in addition to the XXX Lutz chain. If it also absorbed the Kika chain, it would occupy too much of the Czech furniture and accessories market. That is why they have to sell off part of the company they buy.
XLCEE-Holding also buys Kika branches in other countries where the chain operates, Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. There, too, the transaction must be authorised by the antitrust authorities. The purchase of 22 foreign branches of the Kika chain from Signa was announced by XXX Lutz in May. Signa took over the failing Kiku last year for a symbolic award.
The chain Kika entered the Czech market in 2005 and is number two after the Swedish firm IKEA. Before being taken over by the Austrian company Signa, it had belonged to the South African firm Steinhoff International Holdings since 2013. The latter faced problems when it discovered discrepancies in its accounts. Kika has nine outlets in the Czech Republic.
XXX Lutz has been operating in the Czech Republic since 2010. Alongside IKEA, Sconto, Jysk or Asko-Furniture and Kika, it is one of the largest furniture retailers in the domestic market. The same owner is branded Möbelix. With the takeover of Kika's foreign subsidiaries, XXX Lutz will already operate over 300 department stores in 12 countries. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is 4.4 billion euros (about $114 billion).
Library commemorates anniversary of Vaclav IV's death with manuscript exhibition
Six rare historical manuscripts from the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries , i.e. the Roman and Czech kings of Wenceslas IV, can be viewed by people in Klementino, Prague, today and on Saturday. The National Library has released them from its vaults to commemorate the 600th anniversary of Wenceslas' death this year. This morning, librarians and restorers placed rare originals in display cases in the Mirror Chapel. Entry to the exhibition is free, open both days from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
An exhibition of documents called Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the Royal Office and Library of Vaclav IV was prepared by the library together with the National Archives. The written heritage of the reign of Vaclav IV is looked at by the National Archives from the point of view of official documents and the National Library from the point of view of literary works, its author Jan Vojtíšek said for the exhibition.
"Visitors can look forward, for example, to a work on the agriculture of Petr de Crescentiis, which is essentially an encyclopedia of agriculture, or to the Breviar, a prayer book of one of the Benedictines of St. George's Monastery in Prague Castle, from the early 15th century," he said, listing the reasons why he thought people should look at the exhibition.
Also on display will be Epistles of Peter of Blois, where a semi-character of King Henry II of England is depicted in the opening miniature H (enrico). The author of the decoration is most likely the Master of Samson's History, who, alongside two volumes of the Vaclav IV Bible, was also involved in the decoration of a number of other manuscripts. Visitors will also see John Wycliff's Latin Column of tracts from about 1411 to 1414.
Not a single book has been preserved on Czech territory from the Vaclav IV library. This library was, according to experts, among the most extensive and also the most beautiful book collections in what was then Central Europe, because the young king longed to build a representative library to match the book collections of his French relatives. But the library was lost soon after Vaclav's death. Apparently, it was stolen or destroyed in the capture of the castle by the Hussites. But several codes have been saved. The Austrian National Library now owns the most.
"We have a number of treasures in our collections and I am pleased that they are in a condition that allows them to be displayed and made available to the public so-called live and not just in the form of the Manuscriptorium digital library," said National Library Director Martin Kocanda.
On Saturday's national holiday, an exhibition called What lies beneath the floor, which represents the archaeological discoveries here, will also open free of charge in Clementine.
Christine Pliskova fails to reach final, second title eludes her
The plush environment in Tashkent was a testament to the fact that she won her first WTA tournament here in 2016, and this year she performed very well.
After her wins with Paolini, Kawa and Kuzhma, she made the top four.
But the match with Alison Van Uytvanck did not go well for Christine. The Belgian held her serve and broke Pliskova's serve twice in the first set. Van Uytvanck took an early 3-0 lead in the second period, and the twist was lost on Christine, though she managed to convert a four-pointer at the last. She turned away one match point in the last, but the end came in the second.
Petra Černocka changed her image and did well! Her blond hair made her young
The film's Saxana Petra Černocka (69) looks absolutely fantastic for her age. Although she'll be celebrating her life's jubilee in November, she's never looked like a pensioner. And now she's helped. She changed her image until her colleagues didn't recognize her.
Actress Petra Černocká never looked like a typical grandmother, with her hair streaked with gray, wearing sedate things and going out sporadically. She's always taken care of herself, and the older she gets, the more she can let go of her image.
Fortunately, she hasn't succumbed to the plastic surgery trend, and she takes care of her skin with good old-fashioned indulone. And her anti-wrinkle recipe is paying off. But now she's changed her hair color and seen right through it.
When she came to a social event where celebrities were saying goodbye to summer, no one could recognize Petra. Not only did she have lighter and shorter hair, but she was dressed in a yellow jacket that made her look even brighter.
Ladies should learn from Saxana how not to underestimate that even in their early 70s, they can take a chance on appearances. And it's paid off for Petra, she looks 50 at the most.
Traveler Zikmund or General Bocek. Senate hands out commemorative medals
The 96-year-old Bocek, who was a British Air Force fighter during World War II, thanked the British Air Force on behalf of all those awarded medals. "The Senate was one of the first to remember and not forget war veterans," he said, among other things. "The award I took today also belongs to my comrades who are no longer among us," he added.
In his speech, Kubera warned against dividing society. "Let us not forget our roots, which, whether we want to or not, bind and shape us all. After all, it is from these values that our successful present comes," said Kubera.
The awards were cardiologist and most quoted Czech scientist Renata Cífková, longtime president of Tomáš Bati University in Zlín Petr Sáha, geologist, writer and traveller and popularizer of science Václav Targetek, president of the Czech Biathlon Union and vice president of the World Biathlon Union Jiří Hamza and František Paštěka. The upper house praised his heroism - in January this year, he saved the lives of his neighbor and his 2-year-old granddaughter when he pulled them from a burning car. Former upper house presidents Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch were also awarded medals.
Zikmund and Jiří Hanzelka made a series of traveling trips around the world, gathering a series of documentaries. Fištejn was a commentator as well as a director of broadcasting for Radio Free Europe, now working with public media. Steigerwald also serves as a playwright and screenwriter, the musician Kocáb was the head of the parliamentary commission for overseeing the removal of Soviet troops.
The medal was awarded in advance to astronomer and emeritus head of the United Nations Office of Space Affairs, Luboš Perek, in July for his hundredth birthday. By the end of the year, Czech native and US First Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and British philosopher and political scientist Roger Scruton, who, among other things, was involved in the activities of a so-called underground university during the communist regime in what was then Czechoslovakia, are to receive the same award.
The app will help equip workshops. Movement Points
To equip the timber workshop of the Hodonin Integrated School with new hand tools. That's what everyone who downloads the EPP Help with Movement app can do now.
"With your movement, you collect points, which you then add to our project account. You don't have to be a race runner or a cyclist, points are added even if you go walking your dog or shopping, go for a walk or walk to work," said Eva Schmid, the Hodonin school principal. The project was among the most interesting of the huge number of other applications for the CEZ Foundation. The app will only be active for one month.
