Unusually open and unique image of Karl Gotta in Olga Špátová's feature documentary
This unique film from Olga Špátová's workshop will premiere in Czech cinemas next spring.
"In mid-September last year, I received a call from Ivanka and Karl Gott, and they asked me if I would make a documentary about his life again after ten years with Karl. I didn't hesitate a minute! Filming with a man who has lasted more than half a century on the brink of Czech culture thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic humility and immense diligence was and is a great honor for me. I have accepted the invitation to make a feature documentary film about Karl Gott, which brings joy to three generations of listeners with its art, as a commitment to this legendary singer, "says director Olga Špátová.
Thanks to a quick arrangement and agreement, the first day of filming took place on 22 October last year and the last footage with Karl Gott was filmed a few days ago. The goal was and is absolutely clear - to capture authentically Karl Gotta as a phenomenal singer who is handed out to his supporters as a painter but also loving husband and father of his children. A man who for 60 years has given joy in his songs to several generations not only in our country, but also in Europe, and indeed around the world. A man who enrolled himself in the hearts and souls of his listeners by simply being.
The film is not supposed to be a showcase of Karl Gotta's undisputed fame and accomplishments. "Therefore, it is not even possible to compare my previous film Gott Phenomenon with this current one. Everyone's different. At least by filming them in another stage of Karl Gotta's life, it will be very evident in his personal, intimate confession, which he gave us and which has encouraged us all in what legend we have the opportunity to work and spend time with, which is truly indescribable, "adds Olga Špátová.
The creators captured Karl Gotta during his performances, in meetings with his fans in Hamburg, but especially in his home environment, whether in Prague, in a cottage in Czech Switzerland, in a village where he spent his childhood, and in other places that played an important role in his life. The film will be completely authentic and unique thanks to Karla Gotta's sincere openness.
"Olga has a great gift for filming with her narrow team so that we often got carried away with the spontaneous atmosphere and naturally let her into our privacy, which made me talk about topics quite confidential. She and her husband, cameraman Jan Painter, became part of our family. Originally we wanted to introduce the film in 2019, when I celebrated my jubilee. But because I had a beautiful summer with my family, I wanted us to shoot as long as possible. Well, because there were a lot of me everywhere in 2019, my wish was that it be released to cinemas next spring. This documentary film is a thank you to my supporters and to all who supported and accompanied me in my profession, "says Karel Gott himself.
Insects are up to 60 times less than they were 40 years ago
No other animal class is more represented in nature than insects. Beetles, butterflies, and other species account for more than half of life on Earth. But reports are mounting that the insect empire is shrinking radically. Another scientific study on the subject was published just this week, and the situation, she said, is even more serious than humanity has ever realized.
The study is based on field research in the tropical forest of Puerto Rico, where American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As they say at the outset of the report, insects today are "ten to sixty times less" in the forest. It is the decline of the entire population, not the number of species, and the research involved not only insects, but all arthropods. Because of insect extinction, the population of another fauna that depends on insects, such as birds, frogs, or lizards, is also dwindling.
The authors of the research directly link their conclusions to climate change. According to them, the average air temperature in the forest has risen by two degrees Fahrenheit over the past thirty years, and warming has become the driving force behind the collapse of the food chain. The study, according to the authors' team, shows that the impact of climate change on tropical ecosystems may be much greater than anticipated.
The report was published Monday in a major article in the Washington Post, which headlines the new findings as hyper-alarming. "It is one of the most disturbing articles I have ever read," said entomologist David Wagner of the University of Connecticut, quoting as an independent expert.
Insect extinction also affects Europe. "In our country the decline is also orderly," points out Lukáš Čižek from the Entomological Institute of the Academy of Sciences. In his view, however, in addition to climate change, the changes in the landscape, which play an important role in Europe, must also be taken into account. "There is only a considerably longer period of time in our country than in Puerto Rico," says Čižek, explaining why scientists could measure such a rapid decline in the forest compared to 70 years ago.
Czechs in Europe Andrew Housky: Should Czechoslovakia reject the Munich Agreement in 1938 and go to war with Germany? Three times NO
Undated image captures Adolf Hitler visiting the Czechoslovak border fortification. The task of the fortresses was never to stop the German army, but to slow its progress before the Allies engaged.
If almost exactly 81 years ago Czechoslovakia rejected the Munich Agreement and subsequently faced a German attack, what would put the most Czechoslovak soldiers out of the fight? German tanks, air force, or artillery? It might not be either of these weapons, even if the Germans were overwhelming over the Czechoslovakians. The Czechoslovak army would probably suffer the biggest losses due to blisters.
Police Union President Štěpánek resigned, wants to live as a free man
The president of the Independent Police Trade Union Milan Štěpánek decided to leave office. This was reported on Friday by Czech Radio - Radiojurnal. Štěpánek led the trade unions since 2005. He'll be chairman of the union for two more months. He will remain with the police even after leaving the front of the union.
"I can confirm that I have handed over my written resignation to the Bureau this week, after which I will be in full office for another two months," Štěpánek told Radiojurnalu. "I've decided as a free man who doesn't want to be tied to a union forever. And who wants to live a quieter life, "he said.
Independent trade union The Police of the Czech Republic brings together members and employees of the Security Corps or employees of the Ministry of Interior. Among other things, the Union participated in police protests against budget cuts or petitions under better conditions for security forces. He also got into a dispute with the then Interior Minister Radek John in 2011 and organized a petition for his resignation. The leadership of the governing coalition later agreed on John's departure.
Museum in Semily returns to velvet revolution with exhibition
Imitation of the normalization room with TV, in which the footage of the brutal police crackdown on students from 17 November 1989 in Prague runs. It is also at the new exhibition of the museum in Semilech dedicated to the Velvet Revolution. "The basis is to present what happened in Semily after the events at the National Avenue," said Tomáš Chvátal, curator of the exhibition.
"I would say that the atmosphere was the same everywhere, with the first demonstration in Semilech on 22 November, and then every day more people gradually packed up," he said. Among the most active were the group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěcha, who was the only one from the city and its immediate surroundings who signed Charter 77, and the Grandfather husbands who extended the petition Several Sentences. The Civic Forum was created quite quickly. "One specification is that there was a very strong group of local doctors in the Civic Forum," the curator said.
About 50 photographs should have drawn visitors to what was then happening in the city, the pictures were taken 30 years ago by Karel Bárta. There was also a video of the general strike on 27 November 1989 made by František Tomíček, which will be looped throughout the exhibition. At the demonstration he spoke and Ivan the Voice also sang. The Semili archive also lent a number of preserved banners for the exhibition. "On them was: Let us not get drunk with a crock, From trough to trough, We do not want violence," said Tchatal. Some of the changes in the city were very rapid at the time, for example, in December people in the All-Millennium vote decided that the square would be Riegr's and abolished the previous name Gottwald.
The exhibition also shows events before November events. "In the first part, we present such a late normalization to the memorials and students. I think we have managed to collect unique documents from Semil, whether they are banners with various communist slogans or a bronze plate from the then labor movement museum, "said Chvátal. One room is supposed to give a sense of what it might have been like in the living room of an ordinary household.
The last part of the exhibition is dedicated to what was after the velvet revolution. The focus is on the first free elections. "We've got polling posters on one of the rooms. Whoever experienced it reminds himself of the posters With us to Europe or there is Václav Klaus still under the heading of of OF with a beautiful motto Everyone for his village, "the curator added.
Let the fans be positive, Hašek wishes. Sparta awaits the striker in Pilsen
"We'll play to the limit, do everything we can to succeed. In order to manage the game both gaming and results, "the Spartan Martin Hašek promised in an interview for club television.
In the week the goal decided the cup duel in Jihlava (2:1). Sparta went to the next round, which was her duty. She was relieved, but she continued to suffer.
Although the season is slowly spilling over into the second third period, football Sparta is still looking for the face that coach Václav Jílek spoke about early in his engagement.
"But it's still Sparta, who have very good players. A difficult match awaits us, "warns Roman Procházka of Pilsen.
When the Spartans last arrived in Štrunc's orchards, in mid-May it was a clear matter in the superstructure. The guests left after a mindless performance with a beating of 0:4, the largest in the history of a separate Czech league.
While the difference between the clubs in the table was eight points before the match, Sparta now lose nine points after ten games of the new season. He's having one of the worst entries of the season ever.
"It is not an easy situation for us or for fans who would like to see their beloved club completely different than it is right now," Hašek feels. "But we would like them to continue to support us, stay positive, and stand by us."
Sparta does not know if in Pilsen he can take advantage of Tetteh, who received a two-stroke penalty for expulsion in Pilsen, but on Friday he appealed against it.
Costa, Chakal, Drchal, Panák, Pulkrab, Zahustel, Tailor and Kadlec remain on numerous sick leave, the only one of the cadre remembering the last Spartan victory in Pilsen in 2011.
The hosts, who won the last five matches, including Wednesday's Cup in Hlučín, should only miss the backup Čermák. And as captain, they should be led into the game by defenseman Jakub Brabec, a Spartan breeder.
Download free Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on PC, you have until Thursday
The link to both games is on the Epic Store here. You can also include games in your library via the web, but you need to download the Epic Games Launcher client to play. You have until October 3rd.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original game from 2010, adding graphical and playability changes from the Last Light sequel.
The story of the book of the same name by Dmitriy Gluchovsky takes place in 2033 in Russia after the nuclear war. The Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Humanity had to retreat underground, in our case to the vast Moscow subway complexes.
"Take a post-apocalyptic world and a distressing atmosphere from an unfamiliar environment, reduce the vastness of the world and add a lot of spectacular scripts and action passages and traditions: Metro 2033 is in the world," we wrote on Bonusweb in a period review.
Everything, on the other hand, is a relaxing game-play in a procedurally generated world that bears the message of English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. A player can become anything from animals to trees to the planet.
JavaScript support must be enabled to view the video.
"Terrifying study result." Islam does not belong to the West, thinks the vast majority of Austrians
1,200 respondents were interviewed, the survey shows considerable distrust of Islam in Austrian society.
Nearly 60 percent of Austria's population fear that some Muslims are terrorists, and 48 percent would call for a ban on mosques. For more surveillance of Islam centers, 80 percent of those surveyed are.
Most Austrians also want Muslims to be restricted in their religious practices, arguing that Muslims sometimes feel like foreigners in their own country.
"The outcome of the study is terrifying," says study author Wolfgang Aschauer, adding: "Such a tendency toward ethnocentrism could eventually lead to the adoption of discriminatory attitudes. Religious freedoms granted to Muslims threaten to narrow. "
Among believers, the critical attitude is less pronounced. Aschauer argues that Austria is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. According to the sociologist, dialogue and education could help to blunt polarisation.
The most hostile attitudes toward Muslims, according to the study, are held by voters of the extreme right, people without a university degree, or seniors over 75. On the other hand, Green voters, people under the age of 30, and college students are the most welcoming.
Some 700,000 Muslims live in Austria, with a population of roughly 8.7 million, according to Austrian Interior Ministry estimates. The vast majority have Turkish roots. There are more than 400 Muslim prayer rooms and mosques in the country, and Islam has been officially recognized as a religion since 1912.
Thomas Cook: Bohemia was thrown out of the hotel in Majorca. Guarantees were not enough
The Austrian, German and Polish division of the group also filed for insolvency in the week. The future of the Czech branch is currently under discussion and should be decided by the end of September.
According to the Vice-President of the Association of Travel Agencies of the Czech Republic Jan Pope, three possible solutions are in play - liquidation will be announced or the company will be sold, or a team from the Czech branch will set up a new travel agency. "Which of them it will be, but cannot be predicted, will depend on the German owner," he told CTK today.
In addition to two prematurely completed tours, CK also handles cases where clients had to pay for their stay, even though the company tries to provide guarantees to hoteliers. CK promised to reimburse its clients, according to Pope, the company has sufficient security.
Problems in hotels arose mainly in Mallorca, where the company also asked for help from the Czech consulate. In this context, the Pope described to the Czech News Agency one of the cases where the hotel had thrown out all the tourists of the office. "Hotelier could not determine who belonged under German and who belonged under Czech society. He threw everyone out of the hotel despite the fact that the Czech Neckermann provided guarantees, "he said. According to Scrum, the situation was finally resolved.
Last year, the Czech branch of the failed British group Thomas Cook increased its sales to CZK 995 million, almost 21 percent more year on year, according to the company's annual report. It covers the accounting period from October 2017 to the end of September 2018. On the contrary, the company's net profit decreased by around seven million to CZK 15.3 million. However, from previous years the company remained outstanding loss of almost CZK 103 million. The branch comprises two basic divisions - alongside CK Neckermann, Global Travel Lufthansa City Center.
Trump considers revoking US registration of Chinese stocks
US President Donald Trump's administration is considering revoking Chinese firms' stock market permits in the United States. An informed source told Reuters today. Such a move would be a radical escalation of trade tensions between the US and China. Shares of the companies in question on the New York Stock Exchange immediately headed downstairs after the report, pulling the entire market with them.
The withdrawal would be part of a broader effort to restrict American investment in China, the source added. It confirmed a report by Bloomberg that had caused shock in financial markets shortly before. Shares in Chinese firms Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI lost between 2 and 4 percent.
According to government data from February, the US Nasdaq and NYSE exchanges trade the shares of 156 Chinese companies. There are also at least 11 state-owned enterprises.
Bloomberg pointed out that no precise mechanism had yet been developed to ensure the withdrawal of shares in Chinese companies from US exchanges. A possible plan would have to be approved by Trump, who has given the green light to negotiate the matter.
China and the US have been waging a trade war with each other for more than a year, imposing tariffs on each other. The dispute between the two countries has negative effects on the world economy and raises fears of a recession in the global economy. Washington has sought to force Beijing to change its trade practices and reduce China's surplus in trade with the US.
According to CNBC, trade negotiations between the US and China should resume on 10 October. His goal is to end the trade war.
Police accuse CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangrác over promotional contracts
Police have charged the former manager of the state agency CzechTourism Aleš Pangrác over promotional contracts. The Pangrác Server has confirmed that he took charge this week. Last year, Czech Television (CT) reported that police officers were examining contracts worth CZK 38 million in the case. According to the police, some of the money went back to Pangrat, the server says. In the case, criminalists were also interested in the Minister for Local Development, Klara Dostálová (for YES), whose resort CzechTourism belongs to. The investigation in the server case continues.
Detectives from the National Bureau of Organized Crime provided evidence in this case in the second half of last November. For example, they were at the headquarters of the Ministry of Local Development, at CzechTourism, at the autodrome in Most or at Sport Invest. The service computer was also taken from the minister's apartment. The court's search warrant at Dostálová, which was previously cited by CT, stated that the minister decided in 2016, when she was deputy, on the expenditure of CzechTourismus in favour of the chosen persons in a mediated manner and outside the standard procedure. Dostál said at the time that she felt absolutely innocent, she had no doubt, she could document everything and cooperate fully with the police.
According to the agency, it was individual misconduct. Media reported earlier that he was the former director of the Regional Partnership Department at CzechTourism, Aleš Pangrác, who was removed due to the results of the audit. As a result, CzechTourism concluded 48 problematic contracts.
"Yes, they accused me. But that's all I want to say, "Pangrac North told the News List.
Vandal damaged the cemetery in Dobruška
According to a notice received by the police, the vandalism at the dispersal meadow inside Dobru cemetery was to take place on Wednesday between 13 and 17 hours.
"The material damage was estimated at CZK 60 000. Officers are asking any witnesses to the event to communicate their findings in person on the service or by telephone on the free line 158, "police spokeswoman Lucie Konečná said.
The CSI investigates the case as damaging to a foreign cause and disorderly conduct, for which up to three years in prison.
Hundreds of enslaved children were freed from a religious school in Nigeria
According to the BBC, there were nearly 500 men and boys, Reuters reported, citing a police commissioner, that there were over 300 children from the age of five. Some were chained together, others were chained to iron circles in the wall.
Kaduna Police Chief Ali Janga told the BBC that the raid at the school was based on a report. He called the school a house of terror. Starved people were held there by violence, tortured and sexually abused. They couldn't leave, there was razor wire over the walls. According to him, this is a case of slavery.
Several people were detained in the raid, according to police spokesman Jakubu Saboa.
The children told the police that their parents or relatives had taken them to school, saying it was a religious school. "We identified two children from Burkina Faso, but most of them were brought here by parents from Nigerian states in the north," said spokesman Sabo on the identity of the victims. Nigerian states in the north of the country are predominantly Muslim.
The Imam Ahmad Bin Hanbal School was a religious school dedicated to the study of the Quran.
The liberated were transported to the stadium where aid and food are provided. Some have already met with relatives.
A French chef is courting Michelin to take away a star. I suffer from depression, says
Famed French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin Star this January, a year after he won it. The publisher of the Red Guide intends to be judged in order to obtain the exact reasons for the degradation. Veyrat also doubts the competence of Michelin inspectors, who he believes mistook saffron for cheddar. The first trial is due in November.
The chef of the famous restaurant La Maison de Bois in the Alpine region of Upper Savoy lost one of the three Michelin stars in January this year. The publisher of the prestigious guide Le Guide Michelin will be judged because the Commissioners' conclusion was not properly justified. In addition, the asterisk was removed without any notice. "I've been depressed for six months. How dare you mess with the cooks' health? "Veyrat told the commissioners.
Michelin supposedly gave the chef only vague reasons, such as that the chef put cheddar in the souffle, which did not like the inspection. "I put saffron in it, and the gentlemen thought it was cheddar, because it was yellow. I've been working with Savoy ingredients since the beginning, "Veyrat objected. He is convinced of the strong incompetence of Michelin's commissioners: "You are fraudsters who only cause controversy for commercial reasons." The indignant Veyrat does not understand "how they could afford to say that we put in our souffle cheddar." "They offended our region, too, and my employees were crazy about it. We have eggs from our chickens, milk from our own cows, gardeners collect fresh herbs every morning, "he said.
A prominent chef, always wearing a black hat and dark glasses, is an opponent of the new generation of Michelin commissioners, and therefore calls for the removal of his restaurant from the red guide. But the publisher refuses. "If the business remains open and our inspectors re-select it, we will continue to recommend it," says Gwendal Poullennec, Michelin's international director.
According to Michelin, the chef's lawsuit indicates that he has no meaningful charges yet, and the lawyer has yet to help him formulate them. "We regret Mr. Veyrat's harsh communication with us. But we will examine his comments carefully, "he said.
In addition to La Maison de Bois, Marc Veyart owns two other three-star restaurants.
Technically perfect confusion with a weak scenario. Gemini with Will Smith critique neohormil
Dystopian science fiction spectacle Gemini Man boasts an interesting premise - Will Smith confronts his younger version in the film. Critics say the story is the weakest part of the film. The picture will be viewed in Czech cinemas on 10 October.
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is an absolute leader in his field. It kills efficiently and without unnecessary questions. But one day he decides to hang his career on the nail. Of course, that doesn't appeal to his employers, who send another assassin after Henry. The catch is that Henry himself is the killer, more specifically his younger clone made of DNA. Can one determined man win a fight over himself? Literally this time.
Three-time Oscar winner Ang Lee should have been a guarantee of quality. This is his first science fiction, but he has a wealth of experience with dramatic action films, as he has demonstrated for example in the aforementioned Tiger and Dragon or Western Ride with the Devil. Six writers worked together on the script. The most famous is certainly David Benioff, one of the creators of the high-profile Game of Thrones. According to the first feedback, even this wasn't enough for a good movie.
"Even though Ang Lee is trying to do great things in technical filmmaking, the film itself doesn't have enough character to highlight it," says Screen Daily's Fionnuala Hannigan.
"This unsatisfactory film is less than the sum of all the talents involved. Only the technological magic of filmmakers holds together a weak script and plot, "summarized Stephen Dalton of The Hollywood Reporter.
"Gemini is a case in which a huge amount of work has resulted in an incredibly unreal action film," says Peter Deburge, a reviewer at Variety.
"A confused product with a bizarre idea," Ella Kemp of IndieWire summarized the film in her review.
"It's hard to care that one man is a double to another when neither man behaves like another," wrote Nicholas Barber of The Wrap.
Overview of bank accounts for children on the Czech market
Children's bank accounts are provided free of charge. However, the offer must be considered because some other services to the accounts are already charged. "The incentive of banks to offer accounts for children whose basic management is often free is straightforward. The finance houses are counting on their forgiven fees to return one day. The small migration of Czechs between banks is probably not wrong, "says Kristína Kuncová from dTest.
According to her, "small accounts" can do almost anything for adults. The child gets his own credit card, can enter payments, monitor movements in the account, has his own electronic banking at his disposal somewhere. Although banks will set up an account, it is up to parents to teach them how to handle and control their payments.
"Quite flexibly, the parent can set weekly or monthly limits, turn on and off individual services and so on. Above all, it can monitor what is happening on the account, whether by looking online or by SMS. Attention, these may no longer be free, "adds Kuncová, adding:" If a parent is considering an account for their child, she should consider its abilities and options. "
Strict but fair, we enjoy hours! This is how Benešov gymnasians see their favorite cantor writer
Humanism should be present in every good book, Paul Hoza believes. The secondary school teacher of Czech and history is also a poet, prosaic and builder of literary life in a small town.
Over the lyrics of Pavel Hozy, Bohuslav Reynek comes to mind. His poetry, his paintings. Bare trees, whitewashed country buildings, quivering grass, shepherds, sheep and goats, old roads and people who have been after them for centuries. Mourning, cursing, blessing. This contemporary continuant of Reynko teaches Czech, literature and history at Benešov Grammar School in Café, runs an equivalent of Viola in Prague and organizes the Benešov Literary Festival every year.
Wife swap: Ondra's parents were cruelly abused! Ended up in an institution
It was about nerves. Allegedly troubled son Andrew (9) was punished harshly by his father every moment. "He came from school and lied with a snack. Luke looked at me and said he would kneel for punishment, "Lucia described in the Exchange. Father Luke made little Ondra kneel in a corner for hours! Besides the cameras, he must have suffered like this on a wooden foot mat! "Andrew came to me after the shoot and told me - Aunt, I'm doing the trouble and the notes just so I'm not here because I want to go to an institution," Lucia said, as she fully understood what was going on outside the studio door. And the boy's wish finally came true...
His condition was so serious that he was removed from the family after filming and placed in the Educational Care Centre in České Budějovice for a month. He returned briefly to his father and surrogate, Aneta (28), but then went to a diagnostic institute for troubled children. "When I got home, Aneta put me on Facebook right away, we texted each other. She was most interested in whether we got the money. I hardly reacted to that. But then she texted me that the kid was in an institution, that they gave him back to them, and now he's in diagnosis. They are both out of work, "says mother Lucie from Pilsen.
Lightning, of course, addressed the other side, but only received a vague reply. "I'm not in the mood, I'm sick, call me later," Aneta said, hanging up the phone.
Sparta does not want to lose Tetteh in Pilsen. She appealed against a two-match sentence
Football Sparta has appealed against a two-stroke penalty for striker Benjamin Tetteh, which the player received from the disciplinary committee for exclusion in Sunday's derby with Slavia (0:3).
The Letensky Club reported on its Twitter feed and is now awaiting the verdict of the Appeal Committee.
Tetteh already served half of his sentence in Wednesday's game of the domestic cup in Jihlava. Sparta is now aiming to allow the 22-year-old Ghana striker to enter Sunday's 11th round of the first league in Pilsen.
The situation of last October could be repeated. Then Olomouc appealed against the penalty for Simon Falta, who on Thursday received a one-match distance from the disciplinary board for the elimination against Liberec.
The Appeal Board failed to hear the case, so it postponed the sentence and Falta was able to come forward on Saturday, paradoxically against Sparta.
The Commission finally upheld the one-match penalty for the wrecking midfielder in the next week and Falta missed the following duel with Zlín.
The disciplinarian stopped Tetteh for a foul on glory player David Hovorka, for which he received a straight red card from referee Miroslav Zelinka in the 82nd minute.
The alleged spitting of a Ghanaian player on the captain of the opponent Tomáš Sum has not been proven.
The Germans chose Keller to lead the football union
Fritz Keller, the current head of the Bundesliga Freiburg, is expected to become the new chairman of the German Football Union. The 62-year-old winemaker, gastronome and hotelier was elected unanimously for three years, he did not have an opponent.
In office, Keller replaced Reinhard Grindel, who resigned in April over an unrecognized income affair. His other predecessors, Theo Zwanziger and Wolfgang Niersbach, will go on trial for possible bribery in the 2006 World Cup.
Keller said one of the main goals would be to restore trust to the union and export it from the crisis. "It won't be One Man Show, many people will be responsible. The Union is better than his reputation, "Keller said, presenting all his tasks under the slogan: Together we can do it.
After being elected to lead the union, Keller left office in Freiburg.
There was a fire in the underground of the CSA mine in Karviná, no one was injured
There was a fire in the underground of CSA Mine in Karvina this morning. The cause of the fire is not yet known. No one was injured, according to a spokesman for the mining company Ivo Čelechovský.
The fire broke out at 04:25 in a sinkhole at a depth of about 1,200 meters. "None of the employees were hurt, none were hurt. The Ban rescuers intervened immediately at the scene, who eliminated the fire by direct intervention and carried out a search of the terrain. The workplace was immediately closed and made inaccessible, "the spokesman said. The exact cause of the fire will now be investigated by a special committee.
In the former Ostrava-Karvin district, coal is mined only in the Karvin part, namely in the mines of CSA, Lazy, Darkov, ČSM-North and ČSM-South. In Lazy Mine, mining should end later this year, the other mines will gradually decline. The mining company OKD is the only producer of black coal in the Czech Republic, its production last year was 4.62 million tonnes. There are 9,000 people working in the mines.
Berlin responds to public pressure and addresses the housing crisis. Buys 6000 flats from a private company
Berlin will buy 6,000 former social apartments sold by the city 15 years ago from the private Luxembourg firm ADO Properties SA for €920 million (CZK 23.8 billion). It responds to public pressure to rebel against rocketing rental prices. According to Berlin Senator Katrin Lompscher for the Left Party (Die Linke), this is the largest purchase in the history of Germany's capital. The opposition criticizes the move.
"The intention is to maintain stable rents in Berlin and give tenants security," said Berlin Mayor Michael Müller (SPD) in a statement. "At the same time, we will continue to build new apartments and legally treat the freezing of rents," he added. The municipal firm Gewobag will take over thousands of apartments located in the Spandau and Reinickendorf districts in the western part of the city this December.
According to Jefferies analyst Thomas Rothäusler, the city bought too dearly. He told Bloomberg Rothäusler that he estimated that the housing unit overpaid by about 10 percent above their book value.
According to the German opposition Liberals Party (FDP), the Berlin authorities are contributing to real estate speculation. The FDP put it on twitter on Friday. The protest party Alternative for Germany (AfD) called the move a "waste of money."
By mid-July, Gewobag had recovered 670 flats on Berlin's Karl-Marx-Allee Street, Der Spiegel recalled on his website. The Council did not publish the award at the time. The dispute over apartments on the former exhibition class from the days of the GDR accompanied the protests and filled the front pages of the German press. It became a symbol of the plight of tenants in Germany's major cities, wrote the newspaper.
The German capital used to be famous for its low cost of living and low rents. In recent years, however, it has gained in attractiveness. According to AFP, rental prices have doubled over the past decade, making it difficult for some residents to find affordable housing.
Nokia is suing a Brno company over the name Lokia. People don't mistake us, Moravians believe
Nokia objected to the Lokia application to the Industrial Property Office. However, according to CCV, product substitution is unlikely.
Brno-based software company CCV is facing legal action from Finnish telecoms equipment manufacturer Nokia. The Finns do not like that the program of the Brno warehouse management company is called Lokia WMS, wrote the daily newspaper E15. CCV considers that confusion is unlikely.
Marketing director Petr Ondrášek said that two dozen customers already use the program, which has been on the market since last September.
"Nokia is recognized and trusted worldwide. When someone tries to register a stamp that we believe may lead to confusion or weakening of our brand, we take steps to protect our valuable asset, "said Nokia spokesman Mark Durrant.
Brno's developers say they did not think of the brand famous in the past for mobile phones when creating a warehouse program. The designation Lokia according to CCV is based on the Latin name for one type of dragonfly whose rapid movement is intended to be an analogy of the movement of warehousekeepers around the warehouse.
"On the Czech market, the possibility of substitution is unlikely. We sell modern cloud software to which companies equip their warehouse operations, and we don't really go into the field of mobile phone manufacturing. And we don't want a comparison to a brand that may be running a train in its field, "said CCV manager Tomáš Kormaňák.
CCV applied for brand protection before the programme was launched at the Industrial Property Office in August. "It requested protection for products and services belonging to Classes 9, 35 and 42 because the software belongs to Class 9, the related business management services in the warehouse belong to Class 35 and the development of computer software in Class 42 according to international classification," Ondrášek said.
Nokia's objection is based on the fact that the older Nokia trademark is valid in all classes of goods and services and thus covers the widest possible range of products and services and therefore, of course, also overlaps in classes 9, 35 and 42. "The CCV does not dispute the statement of objection as regards conformity on these product and service classes. In reality, however, they are completely different brands targeting other target groups, "Ondrášek said.
According to the E15, a dispute over a brand can take months and complicate the company's activities.
From Sydney to London in four hours? In 2030, a possible reality
Sabre combines a classic aircraft engine with a rocket engine. It's designed to power a plane at twice the speed of a Concorde. "When the Sabre engine is operational, it could allow us to reach Australia in about four hours," Turnock said. And, for example, the distance between London and New York could make the plane travel in one hour.
The Independent notes that so-called hypersonic flights, which are five times the speed of sound, are complicated because of engine overheating. But Sabre (Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) should deal with this problem by using super cold helium to prevent temperatures from rising.
"The most important thing about Sabre is that it is a hybrid of a rocket and aircraft engine that is powered by a jet of exhaust gas generated from the air," claims Shaun Driscoll of Reaction Engines. "The missiles haven't been this big in the last 70 years, while the planes have. So when you combine the engines, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and basically create a space aircraft, "he added.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights expected to start around the middle of next year. Commercial flights then around 2030.
Kovosvit sells the administrative building and other halls. Expecting Worse Times
Due to restructuring, Kovosvit ended last year with a consolidated loss of CZK 100 million, consolidated turnover was CZK 1.3 billion. The main problems last year include shortages of workers and shifts of subcontractors. This year, demand for machine tools fell by 10 to 20 percent year-on-year. "This is also linked to the expected decline in turnover by ten percent," the CEO said. In 2017, Kovosvit had sales of CZK 1.3 billion and profit after tax of CZK 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit now offers for sale several properties, halls and land that it either does not use or only minimally. This also applies to an administrative building where two of the five floors are used, and not yet fully used. "Part of the long-term restructuring plan is to slim down Kovosvit, streamline its operations. The sale of assets is not part of some current solution, whether it is cash-flow, but part of a long-term plan where we want to devote all resources to investment development, "the CEO said.
About half of Kovosvit's production is exported. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, last year to a lesser extent Asia. This year Kuchař ranks among the most interesting India, where Kovosvit was awarded a contract for machines enabling five-axis machining worth CZK 100 million. This year the company also exported two five-axis machines for CZK 30 million to China. "There is another contract in the same volume that we would like to fulfill by the end of the year," said Kuchař. On the Russian market and elsewhere, Kovosvit faces restrictions due to sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centers to France, a company that is a subcontractor of Airbus. This May she supplied another machine, one more should deliver at the end of the year or early 2020.
The main investment this year was the switch of heating from steam to hot water for CZK 20 million. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average working wage is 28,500 crowns. The company is looking for grinders for foundries, machiners, turning machines and electricians.
The company has been owned since September 2016 by industrialist and armourer Jaroslav Strnad. The company has a tradition in the manufacture of machine tools. In 1939 it was founded by Tomáš Bata. The company had up to three thousand employees in its time.
Milan Jakubů: The funeral was stolen for himself by the army! Says Andor Shandor
There is still confusion about the funeral of Brigadier Milan Jakub. The media had speculated earlier this week that the Army had planned its final farewell to the Deputy Director of Military Intelligence, despite the family's wishes, as bombastic as soldiers could be. There were discrepancies about the date of the funeral. Ministry of Defence spokesman Jan Pejšek denied this.
"It's nonsense! My family and I have been in touch since the beginning, we have arranged Friday's funeral date from the beginning, no one has changed it. Just like military honors. We will just deal with possible media participation with respect to the family, "Pejšek told Lightning on Wednesday. The funeral will finally take place on Friday and there will be no shortage of military honors, including the crossing of fighters.
But there is still a tense atmosphere around the last farewell to the popular general. People who worked with the general in the past will not attend the funeral from the decision of the organizers!
For example, former head of military intelligence Andor Shandor (62), who met Milan Jakub 17 years ago. Shandor remembers his former colleague as a hardworking, intelligent, and "good guy."
Moreover, in recent years he had met him regularly at the anniversary celebrations of the establishment of Military Intelligence. That's why he'd like to say goodbye to Jacob Milan. 'I personally would go to Milan James' funeral, 'said Shandor. But he can't.
"I know of other people in the organization who would like to go, but they are unlucky because the potentates are usurping the funeral for themselves. I think it is wrong to privatize a funeral in this way, "the security expert said. Nor does he play the supposedly considered closure of the ceremony for the public because of the secrecy of military leaders.
"Military leadership is not classified and military intelligence leaders are not, because they are promoted in Prague Castle, we see them there. If the information of the media is true, and the family has actually let the military handle it, of course, it's a family thing. Personally, I would never allow an army to overwhelm a family and its wishes, "Shandor concluded.
Milan Jakubů died on Saturday near Špindlerův Mlýn in a car accident. Milan Rap's head-on collision with a Ford Mustang was allegedly caused by the driver of a sportsbook, Vojtěch Ch. (31).
Amateur racer on the turn should have gone into the opposite direction, Milan Jakubů apparently had no chance to prevent the encounter. His wife (47) suffered serious injuries in the accident and is likely to bear the consequences for the rest of her life. Police questioned the culprit of the accident on Thursday.
Comment by Jan Šindelář: Manage the railways as a company
The heavenly election, though apparently not entirely smooth, is the conclusion of a sad story of the state's inability to give the railways a clear direction. The board of directors has been incomplete for over a year, and even after Wednesday evening, this does not change because one of the members resigned. The makeshift lasts.
The selection process itself was a farce from the outset because the requirements for candidates were significantly relaxed, especially in the field of practice. Compared to last year's selection, the requirements for the size of the company in which the candidate should have been active in the past have been reduced. First the members of the selection committee and then the supervisory board played only the role of pimprlat.
Nebský presented perhaps the weakest professional biography of the five finalists, yet without practice from a large company he battered experienced men from the management of logistics giants and transport companies. The participation of interesting managers from the private sector was probably the lightest aspect (even the best hope) of the whole process. Nowadays, the people in question know that they have played only the role of the storyline in the political game.
Maybe Celestial will surprise, show great talent, and eventually turn out to be the best track chief ever. At least in the beginning, however, it will be accompanied by a taste of political strife. Czech railways do not expect a light period, they have to cope with competition in liberalization of the market and lack of employees in operation. Drivers, shifters, and mechanics are missing. What motivation should they have for further work and respect for management when the state behaves in top leadership like an elephant in porcelain?
The other important group is the creditors. As they interpret the runway games, we will see next spring when the runways defend the rating. What is certain is that creditors perceive instability. Sadly, someone else comes to Moody's to defend the rating every year. Frequent changes in track management and political influence on the company have not escaped the agency, it criticized them already this summer.
The YES movement raises, among other things, the motto that the state must be managed as a company. For starters, it would be enough to run one large state-owned company as a company, not as a state. Czech Railways is still one of the largest companies in the country and it would be good if the best ones led them. They reported, but the state despised them. It can certainly be argued that the post at the head of the railways has always been a political issue. But then we can forgive the clowns with the tender.
Couple wrapped the bitch with tape and drowned in the river, sack found by children
The case took place in late July in the village around Valašské Klobouk. A 27 - year - old woman brought home a donated dog between one and two years old that she wanted to care for. Her ten-year-old partner didn't like the fact that she was a bitch, so he decided to get rid of her.
"He wrapped the animal with duct tape and rope, greatly eliminating his voice. He put the dog in the jute bag he had tied. Then they took the animal together to the river, where they threw it in a bag. The moment the dog was thrown into the water, the dog was clearly alive, "said police spokeswoman Monika Kozumplíková.
The following day, children playing by the river found a jute bag on the bank. When they opened it, they found the body of a dead dog inside. So they called out to the woman walking by and ran. The woman reported the incident to the 158 Police hotline.
"Because of the knowledge of the townspeople, the police found out who was likely the perpetrator of this incredible act. And they weren't wrong. Both the man and the woman confessed to the crime and described how the event took place, "the police spokesperson added.
An expert in veterinary medicine confirmed that the dog died unequivocally in a torturous manner as a result of suffocation, when the animal suffered within minutes of death.
"The actions of the perpetrators undoubtedly indicate a clear intention to dispose of the animal at all costs in this reprehensible way, even if they could donate or sell the dog. The Commissioner of Criminal Police of Zlín accused the couple of committing the offence of animal abuse committed in complicity. The two still unpunished could spend up to three years behind bars if convicted, "Kozumplíková said.
Thank you for the dance! Leonard Cohen's Singer Posthumously Released Last Album
The album Thank You for the Dance will include unreleased material and various musical collaborations put together by the singer's son. The album will be released on November 22.
In October 2016, the album You Want it Darker was released, on which Cohen worked with his son Adam. He asked him to help him complete the songs. On the intimate recording, Cohen symbolically resembles imminent death. He died a month after the album was released at the age of 82.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen began working on the materials his father left him. He invited a number of musicians - Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mas or singer Beck.
"When we invented music for our father's words, we used his own distinctive musical techniques. He's still with us, "Adam Cohen said. "What amazes me most about him is the reactions of those who have heard him. One by one they say Leonard is still alive, "he added.
The first swallow of the album is the short song The Goal. "I'm almost alive, I'm almost home," Cohen sings in his characteristic honey voice. He sang about death, suspecting that the release of new material would not live. He admitted it in an interview with The New Yorker magazine a month before he died. "I am ready to die. I hope it won't be too unpleasant, "he said.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen published his father's poetry collection called The Flame. It will be published in Czech under the name Plamen 31 December at the Argo publishing house.
First Miss Christo finally went into herself: She lost a few pounds and immediately saw through
The first modern miss of 1989 Ivana Christová (49) had years of problems with overweight, which caused her not only physical problems, but mainly psychological ones. She suffered because she had changed a lot since Miss Czechoslovakia. But now it seems that she took the criticism to heart and went into battle with excess pounds. Even if it's a long run.
She used to be a first-class beauty who conquered Paris. But thirty years have passed since then, and Ivana Christová can only remember the beauty contest. Not just because of the glory, but because of how thin she was.
Over time she decided not to submit to strict modeling rules, which instructed her to be as slim as possible and often not to eat. She decided to stop listening and began to indulge in what she wanted.
But from hunger strikes she went to overeating, which was immediately signed by her character. In addition, Kilo tried to disguise herself with various loose clothing, which added more size to the bright shapes.
Now it looks like Ivana was really into herself. Visibly losing weight, she began to dress tastefully and appropriately for her fuller form.
She surprised all those present at the christening of Miloš Zapletala's book (75) that she again saw through and already has the features of a lovely brunette, who in 1989 entered history not only as the first winner of Miss after the revolution, but also what controversy her victory caused.
Christová will forever be the first winner of beauty, but also the very first, on which spectators at the Palace of Culture and Sport in Ostrava whistled as senses were stripped when she put on her crown.
"Parody of justice." Scientist warned of cancer from pollution, sitting in Turkish prison
Sik and other scientists participated in a study commissioned by the Turkish Ministry of Health between 2011 and 2015. Its conclusion was that pollution of water, soil and food in some industrial areas in the west of the country was linked to an increased incidence of cancer in the local population.
Scientists mentioned in particular the Dilovasi Industrial Zone, located some 80 kilometers [80 km] from Istanbul, which houses a number of chemical and metallurgical plants. According to them, people living in its vicinity suffer from cancer far more than the international average.
Erdogan retaliates for coup, international criticism despite
Sik felt that despite the clear conclusions of the study, the government was not taking any action. He therefore wrote several articles on the research in the opposition daily Cumhuriyet. The authorities subsequently began prosecuting him for leaking classified information.
"The study clearly showed the extent to which water sources were contaminated with toxic substances," Sik told reporters after the verdict. "The court's ruling shows that the results of studies directly related to public health may be obscured. That's unacceptable, "the scientist added.
"The Turkish authorities should investigate this important public health problem instead of chasing people through the courts," said Andrew Gardner of the Turkish AI branch.
Environmental and human rights organisations have long accused the Turkish Government of failing to enforce environmental regulations despite the rapid development of industry in certain regions.
After the thwarted 2016 coup, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's regime launched a massive wave of arrests. Nearly 80,000 people are now behind bars, including a number of Cumhuriyet employees. Authorities have also outsourced or dismissed 150,000 civil servants and members of the armed forces altogether.
The opposition and human rights organizations accuse the government of using the attempted coup to persecute its opponents. But the authorities argue that these are measures necessary to ensure national security.
The fastest man on the planet missed the tests. I take nothing, defends myself
Traditionally a highly watched contest for the fastest man on the planet will be at the World Championships in a hurry to defend silver Christian Coleman. The 23-year-old American is the world standings leader for 9.81 seconds and has only lost once this year. His start at the top of the season was threatened because of a case with missed doping tests.
The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) closed its case in early September without bringing charges for formal reasons. Coleman didn't take three doping trials last year and this year, but not in 12 months. The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) retrospectively dated to 1 April 2018, the beginning of the second quarter, but did not miss the test until 6 June. And since the third omission occurred on 29 April 2019, Coleman did not commit any wrongdoing in the form of three unreported checks within 12 months.
Coleman argued that he had only forgotten to update the app on the athletes' whereabouts. "I don't do drugs or do anything legal. Many athletes take legal creatine or protein powder or various other supplements for faster regeneration. And I don't take anything, I work hard, and that's what it's all about, "he said before the start of the MS.
His only defeat in six 100 starts this year was at the Diamond League in Shanghai, where he was outscored by compatriot Noah Lyles by only six thousandths of a second. He used Coleman's absence to triumph in the final of the Diamond League, but he will only run two hundred at the MS.
The second fastest competitor on paper is the 22-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who has only succeeded in American university competitions.
Defending the title will be 37-year-old American Justin Gatlin, who flashed 9.87 in June at Stanford. He ran the last hundred in Zagreb for only 10, 29, because he slightly injured his back thigh muscle.
The favourites also include South African Akani Simbine, three-time Olympic medalist from Rio Andre de Grasse or European champion Zharnel Hughes. The fastest Jamaican with a time of 9.96 is 2011 world champion Yohan Blake.
The men's 100 will start on Friday with a pre-race and a run. Semi-finals and finals are scheduled on Saturday. The medals will be held at 21:15 PM.
Plane crash near Zhinkov in Pilsen: Two people did not survive the accident
Two people traveled on the plane, a man († 63) and a woman († 38). "The plane requested permission to land at Chaloupky Airport near Klatov at 9:30 p.m.," police spokeswoman Dana Ladman said. This was also the last record, at which time according to GPS coordinates should be located at Vojovice near Zhinkov.
But it no longer reached Klatov Airport. The missing aircraft, which had sent a distress signal, immediately began searching. "In addition to the police, a military helicopter was involved," police spokeswoman Martina Korandová said. But she didn't have a happy ending.
A helicopter crew had spotted the wreckage in the woods at Petrovice, not far from Melčín, about six kilometers from where the plane had last been spotted. "We found a plane and two bodies with no sign of life," Korand confirmed.
The crashed machine remained partially wedged in the branches of the trees, the pieces falling to the ground in the vicinity. "We will investigate the cause of the accident in cooperation with experts and staff of the Institute for Professional Investigation of Causes of Air Accidents," Korandová added.
Civilization in Time Lent
Recently I remembered a beautiful "line" from one of the great tales of Šimka and Grossmann taking place partly in the cemetery, which reads: "I warned her that she was crying well, but in a foreign grave!" It occurred to me that many world politicians engaged in the senseless fight against climate change are behaving very similarly now.
They behave as if humans ruled the planet Earth. In fact, we're just a speck on its surface that she can blow out like a fierce gust of wind like a candle flame. I don't think any of them look at the famous British and American science papers on the destructive abilities of our blue ball. It would be enough for one of the larger active volcanoes to get "tight," and our advanced civilization would be damaged.
And that will happen in the immediate future is highly likely. A number of large volcanoes, according to leading volcanologists, are "charged and unleashed" (such as Katla in Iceland).
In a way, it would be ideal if the eruption, if it had to happen once, happened as soon as possible. Even before trillions of dollars are completely wasted on measures aimed at reducing carbon dioxide production, any thoroughly angry volcano, along with dust and toxic volcanic gases, can release it into the atmosphere at least a hundred times more than has been spared at the expense of the people of Europe.
Forcibly restricting CO2 production makes no sense. In addition, it has been scientifically demonstrated that plants form more biological matter and are also more resistant to drought due to their significantly higher share in the air. For mankind, possible warming is considerably more favourable than, for example, the rapid return of the ice age.
Recognizing the still under-researched impact of solar cycles on the Earth's climate, we must draw only one reasonable conclusion: Let us strive to keep the earth as clean as possible, and let us strive to adjust to other changes that we cannot measure with force, with as little cost as possible!
Repair of Krkonoše Museum will be a year late
The Administration of Krkonoše National Park (KRNAP) by three weeks has postponed the submission of tenders to the second tender for the repair of the Krkonoše Museum in Vrchlabí. The original deadline for opening envelopes was September 20, said national park spokesman Radek Drahný. The reason for the postponement of the submission deadline is to reduce the budget from CZK 110 million to CZK 83 million.
"We are currently working with prices that are on the market. There has been a change in the budget, a price that we expect to be offered. If someone makes an offer that is acceptable, the work will begin as soon as possible, "Drahný said.
As opposed to the original plans, the museum's repairs are about a year late. KRNAP wanted to have a selected supplier of the construction part by the end of last year and to start construction work this spring. According to the management of the national park administration, European subsidies of CZK 123 million for the project are not at risk.
The KRNAP administration is unable to select a construction company for repairs of the museum. The second competition was launched this summer because in the previous tender all bids of companies significantly exceeded the then projected price of 65 million. Bids exceeded CZK 100 million.
The museum, which is housed in the former Augustinian monastery and belongs to the KRNAP Administration, has been closed since autumn 2017. The selected company should provide the construction part of the project. The total cost, including building a new exposure, is estimated at CZK 210 million. The visitor centre KRNAP should be established in the currently cleared building by the end of 2021 after the transformation of the exhibitions.
The repaired museum with a new interactive exhibition, which should be a story of nature and people settled in the mountains and build on the successful exposition Stone and Life, should serve as a representative entrance gate for visitors to the Giant Mountains. The visitor centre should provide the most understandable form of information about the past and present of the Giant Mountains and motivate people to discover and protect the mountains. It should also take on the role of a traditional museum. The Centre will also offer opportunities to organize concerts, festivals, theatre performances or open air lectures. The plans include the construction of a new entrance to the building, the creation of a research room or cafe.
Toyota Hydrogen Still Believes, Preparing Second Generation Mirai Car
Toyota Mirai was never meant to be a concept. Toyota was so serious about her that even though there was virtually no hydrogen infrastructure in the world, she put it on offer. Not quite standard, the customer really had to go after this car, but no one else offered such a variant at the time.
Toyota chief Takeshi Uchiyamada confirmed at an international hydrogen conference that a new generation will arrive next year. In fact, Toyota still believes that these cars have a future and will be priced out of hybrids within ten years. Of course, this is linked to the development of pumping networks. But the future is as much connected to hydrogen as it is to electricity.
At the conference, the word hydrogen was often passed down with the needs of ecological operation not of cars, but of large tractors, boats, trains etc. Pure battery versions cannot offer this. Toyota could thus find new outlets thanks to great experience and long development.
It remains to be recalled that like Toyota, Hyundai believes in hydrogen propulsion, which now offers a hydrogen crossover Nexo.
Strawberry, plum and invisible. Choose the right lipstick shade: Not just one red
When choosing a red lipstick, you should first determine whether you are a warm or cold type. Try a simple test - look at the veins on your wrist. If they're blue, you're cold, if you're green, then you're warm. When selecting a new red lipstick, put precisely on the sort based on the undertone. Look at the texture in the next one.
If you are a woman with a cold undertone, then purple, plum, cherry, or mauve colors are suitable for you.
If you fall into the category of warm skin undertones, select such and lipsticks. You can tell them by their attachment to orange, coral, gold, or brown flare.
You may find that some veins look green and others blue. In that case, congratulate yourself - you don't have to look at the undertone and you can focus only on your color preferences.
Special-purpose slander? Ústí zoo is looking for a new vet, no one is interested
For the last time at the end of this month. The management of the city attributes this to rumors that swirled around the former director of the zoo and at the same time vet Václav Živil, that he purposely killed the exotic animals he cared for. For example, it was the female rhino Zamba, the elephant Kal, or the orangutan Snitch.
The City Council has therefore announced a new contract. "For veterinary care for the zoo with an estimated value of 3.5 million CZK without VAT and for the city Centre for Animals in Need with an estimated value of 2.8 million CZK without VAT," said city spokeswoman Romana Mac.
Deputy Prime Minister Věra Nechybová (UFO) explained that the city is announcing a competition for veterinary services for the third time. "Dr. Lively must have explained the unsubstantiated suspicions. I consider it an outrageous dehonestration of such a good expert, "she said.
Experts specializing in exotic animals are very few, she says. "It's certainly not pleasant. Meanwhile, the zoo provides veterinary care in the form of orders, "she said. Orders and contracts cost the same money. "The garden must comply with the Public Procurement Act in terms of financing," explained zoo spokeswoman Nikola Řejnská.
Václav Živil himself is one of the renowned experts. For example, he participated in a unique operation in which mouthpiece cheetah Jane was the first cheetah in the world to receive total endopresis. He served as director of the zoo from 2009 to 2012. He made no comment on the anonymous slander on his person. He didn't take phone calls yesterday or respond to text messages.
As far as the zoo contract is concerned, some veterinarians believe that there is not necessarily any concern about it in the zero interest of the zoo, as in its case, but simply little information. For example, Mouthpiece veterinarian George King had never heard of it. "It's your first time. No one approached us. That sort of thing will spread quickly, I think, "he added.
New subway architect supervises line D, brings experience from London subway
The Prague Transport Company has selected an architect to oversee the metropolitan metro. From October Anna Švarc will become her primary task will be the appearance of the new D line, but she will also be in charge of the existing stations. According to her, the subway is not only viewed as a transport structure, underground travel should also bring an aesthetic experience.
A Czech architect who participated in, for example, the reconstruction of three London Underground stations won a tender issued by the Prague Transport Company (DPP).
In addition, 14 other candidates participated in the tender. "The selection process included a motivational letter and a resume. Apparently my previous practice in London decided, where I created an aesthetic manual for the subway in a team of three people, "says the new subway architect. According to her, her practice from the Institute of Planning and Development of the City of Prague could also decide.
The subway doesn't just see it as a conveyor building. Stations should have aesthetic value.
"I have ideas about how the subway will change, how the space will improve. However, I will not know how this will happen until the next few weeks when I am introduced to my ideas by the transport company, "says Švarc.
"It is not a series of dogmas, but rather recommendations aimed primarily at keeping the context of all stations in case they are reconstructed," says the design manual.
Whether there is a similar tool for improving public space on the Prague metro is a question. The Prague metro is specific. "I don't know yet whether the manual is ideal or whether it can cover a personality," concludes Švarc.
Former French President Chirac will be buried on Monday, public pieta will be on Sunday
The funeral of former French President Jacques Chirac, who died on Thursday at 86, will take place on Monday evening at the Montparnasse cemetery in Paris. French media are reporting, citing the Chirac family. The ceremony will be private.
The public will be able to say goodbye to the former head of state on Sunday afternoon at a memorial service in Invalidity, Paris, where a coffin with Chirac's remains will be displayed, the Elysée Palace announced.
Crowds have been streaming into the presidential residence since Thursday evening, according to AFP, to sign the condolence book. That will be possible until Sunday. On Monday, President Emmanuel Macron declared state sorrow.
Meanwhile, other reactions to the deaths of the former mayor of Paris and president from 1995 to 2007, described today by Prime Minister Édouard Philippe as "French in the true sense of the word," are coming from both the world and France.
For example, the Japanese recalled Chirac because the politician was known for his love of their country and the sport of sumó. News of the death of the former French president appeared on the front pages of all Japanese newspapers, including sports ones, the French press notes.
The Museum of Tribal Art at the Paris Quai Branly, which Chirac founded, will not collect admission fees in honor of the former Head of State for ten days.
Pumpkin World Opened Delayed Pumpkin Ripening
New Village near Polština (Havlíčkobrodsko) - The farm in Nový Vsi near Polština in Havlíčkobrodsk opened the Pumpkin World for more than a month today. Massive orange pyramids dominate the garden with decorations stacked with thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins. The autumn event, which is becoming a tradition, starts a week later this year because the pumpkins on the surrounding seven hectares of the Pipka family fields have matured longer. There are still many in the field, Jaroslava Pipková told CTK today.
Pipka's cultivated many kinds of pumpkins, but the last two years have not been warped by the weather. This year's harvest was delayed and some species did not come out. "As usual, we have enough orange pumpkins for Halloween, but some species have not succeeded for pharaoh makers," said Pipková. Nevertheless, on the farm you can choose from several species, from the already mentioned large pumpkins suitable for carving and picking decorations over pumpkins for cooking hokaido or oblong "spaghetti" to ornamental pumpkins of various colours and shapes.
Pumpkin cultivation is hard. Farmers hand-dig plants and harvest their fruits, cutting off pumpkins from the stem with scissors. Pipka's pumpkin world has been opened regularly since 2010, and last year's attracted thousands of people. Pumpkin decorations are complemented by attractions of straw or maze of logs. Visitors will also see animals kept on the farm. It will be open daily until 3 November.
Details of the event are available on the farm website, where growers also offer some recipes for pumpkin dishes, such as pumpkin muffins or juice. Visitors themselves tell them about the other possibilities of editing the pumpkin in the kitchen. "A lot of cookbooks have tried their recipes, we get inspired," Pipko said. She pointed out that some pumpkin housekeepers also loaded pickles on the sour.
The Stravenko flat rate is planned by the Ministry from 2021. No tax changes
The MF is preparing an amendment to the Income Tax Act, according to which an employee would receive food money directly. According to the MF, a quarter of employees, or about a million people who do not yet receive food vouchers, will thus reach food support.
However, according to the chairman of the Association of Voucher System Operators David Rice, many small companies that do not have canteens or vouchers provide food for their employees, for example by importing food or agreeing with restaurants.
"The essence of the plan is that we do not change the tax advantage. It will not pay for health and social insurance, "Schiller said on Friday. It added that the threshold for the maximum employer contribution applicable as a tax credit would remain.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the price of a meal voucher. The remainder is paid to the employee, in some cases also paid by the employer, but no longer without a tax credit. The most advantageous value of the meal voucher for employees and employers this year is CZK 123.
Bring, Prítec and Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the MS
Kayakers Vít Dondiš and Jiří Prítec and canoeist Tereza Fišerová safely advanced to the semi-finals of the World Water Slalom Championships in Seu d'Urgell. Nendiš was fourth in Friday's qualifier, Sparkler fifth and Fisher eighth. The other three Czech representatives will be seeking a semi-final start in the afternoon correction qualifying drive in Spain.
Vavřinec Hradilek, who received a fifty-second penalty for incorrectly passing the goal, failed from the strong kayaker representation group. On the contrary, he and Prícec can relax and concentrate on Sunday's semi-final.
"I made it my goal to take the first drive to thirty, which I did. Not that I don't care how I turned out, because Sunday starts very early in the morning, so I hoped to be a little higher to have a better starting position, "said Dondish and praised the well-being in Seu. "Before the patrol race, I felt the worst 14 days we've been here. Then in the race it was good and today it was better again. All the time it's beautiful, nice races, the spectators came, so fine, "he smiled.
Sparkler was also satisfied. "You don't want to make an unnecessary mistake in qualification. It didn't quite work for me in the first innings. Then I pulled through the middle perfectly, without any problems, and I knew I was running, so the second mistake came when I wanted to go down straight and I turned the erk. Overall, I can't be dissatisfied. The form is, we will see how it goes, "said this year's overall World Cup winner.
Both representatives praised their start on Sunday at the end of the semifinal block. 'I'm not a morning bird, it's cold here in the morning, and it takes a jacket and a sweatshirt when you're here for eight, 'said Dondish. "Overall, the semifinal lasts an hour and a half, which makes a pretty good difference from the point of view of sleep," Spur agreed.
Of the three Czech Singkanoists, only Fišerová succeeded, Eva Říhová finished two places behind the advancing twenty, Kateřina Havlíčková was 35. "I went down the top as I wanted, in the middle passage I felt I wasn't running and I wasn't going as planned, but I was able to get into the comfort trail I wanted to go. I made two pokes, and I'm right behind the clean time winner. I have a good starting position for the semifinals, "Fisher said.
Coal will give way to gas and core. Renewables will not cover increased demand, says ExxonMobile head
Renewables will not be sufficient for the Czech Republic to meet future energy demand. Due to the inappropriate climate, wind and solar power plants need to be supplemented with other alternatives, such as natural gas.
Philippe Ducom, president of ExxonMobil, a European subsidiary of ExxonMobil, one of the largest global oil miners, says in an interview with HN. At the same time, it mentions that large repositories that could later store unused energy from days when the sun and wind are plentiful are still too expensive.
In Prague, Ducom visited the ExxonMobil Centre, where 1,200 people work and whose task is to support the business activities of the company and provide logistics and other services needed for the operation of the company.
Declaration of the end of the right in the House or What right-wing coalition of ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
The media and commentaries have recently been reporting on the forthcoming coalition of said parties. Many applaud the fact that the "right" is finally coming together, but I rather ask why these parties still call themselves right-wing.
Aside from the new Trikolora movement, the Czech Chamber of Deputies no longer has a real right-wing party. And it doesn't matter how the entities themselves are labeled or what kind of label the mainstream media parrots. The ODS is hardly center stage in its average of top politicians, the TOP 09 is clearly the party of the urban pseudo-liberal left (which is ashamed of its leftism and thus hypocritically referred to as conservative or even right-wing). STAN is a party that basically blends its conception, ideology and voter targeting with TOP 09 (the reason for its existence is simply not clear to me). And the KDU has even long labeled itself as the center - but their political compass is much more to the left than they say.
Do you think I took all of them out of the same water? No, I am based on the real political actions of these parties. If I consider myself a classically liberal right-wing voter, the highest value for me is individual freedom, free market and minimal state interference in the lives of individuals and the economy. How do these parties fulfill this general presumption of right-wingness? How many laws cutting people's freedoms with the salami method, raising taxes, confirming new regulations and increasing surveillance, increasing links with the socialist EU, or promoting environmental and gender insanity have they supported in recent years? A lot, a lot. Not their own stickers, but their actions identify them. These parties, despite all possible declarations or concessions, want to strengthen the role of the state in our lives. And that has nothing to do with the right-wing.
I would not be surprised at the coalition cooperation of TOP 09, STAN and KDU, on the political map they simply belong to each other and apart from the Christian or vice versa homosexual and gender aspects in them for the voters in terms of the influence of the state on their lives, I do not see an obvious difference. However, the ODS has long portrayed itself as "the only right-wing" and, by associating itself with these three entities, is no longer exposing its true political ranking.
By the way, when I briefly mentioned the stickers. Have you noticed how often all these parties quite concurrently and cheaply refer to the critics of conductivity and socialism coming from the European Union as pro-Russian agents? Do they not or simply do not want to understand that there are many people to whom Eurosocialism and growing discord do not smell as strong as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Do they not, by any chance, hide their utter incompetence of argument and the unjustified or blind adoration of Euro-EU conditions?
In short, it is possible that in the Czech Republic, other than the central policy, there is no chance of greater success. Maybe this is the kind of union voters really want. Perhaps they want left-wing politics under the cloak of the "right," because they are ashamed of their political beliefs (or cannot even identify them). I don't know. But I'm not one of those voters.
Unexplained death of a girl († 8) in Příbramsk: The culprit does not expect punishment
Unexplained cases are called "monuments" in criminalistic slang. But they are also investigated if new information emerges years later. Especially when it comes to the death of a child. In 1980, criminalist Jiří Markovič was able to investigate the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokopské Valley, which was 12 years old. "The 1955 case? That's gonna be hard, very hard. It would like to start by finding a file, it doesn't have to exist anymore, talking to the investigators. There is always hope, but it would be really hard, "says Markovich.
During the previous regime, there was little public information about violent crimes, but according to Markovic, this certainly does not mean that they are being investigated lax. "It always depended on specific people," the CSI thinks. The problem may be that materials from the 1950s may be destroyed, although unsealed cases should not be shredded.
Lucia White's father wasn't a fan of her. You won't believe what she was doing for a living!
Who does not know that national treasure Lucie Bílá (53) is an original profession of seamstress and in her own name Hana Zaňáková, probably does not live in the Czech Republic. But the singer herself has now revealed that she almost worked in a glassworks!
Lucia White knew from a relatively young age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love of singing was born when she performed as a young girl in a cultural house in her native Opens, where she still lives.
"And I remember exactly where Mommy was sitting. A singer was born in me then, "she admitted to Impulse Radio.
But her father was a little worried about his daughter's future, and he advised her to take the golden-bottom trade.
"My dad always said, 'Craft girl, craft. Walk your feet on the ground! ' He even talked me into going to the local glassworks. Glassworks don't work anymore, I kind of do. I am a trained seamstress and at home I make various rosaries and pendants from beads, which I then auction at auctions and buy wheelchairs for money, "she added with a laugh.
The launch of the new myth is not in jeopardy, reports the Kremlin. However, there is a change of operator
On Friday, the Ministry of Transport launched preparations for a new tender for the operation of the new toll system. It is a backup plan that the State would use if the current toll agreement was finally abolished. In addition, the state is preparing another temporary solution if the tender is not completed in time. On Facebook, Transport Minister Vladimír Kremlík (for YES) said this.
On Thursday, the Competition Authority (FTC) banned the implementation of the toll agreement between the State and CzechToll/SkyToll, with an annual delay. The Ministry will file a case against it.
There is no threat to starting a new toll selection system. As of today, we are launching the preparation of a new transparent procurement procedure to serve the operation of the new toll system, which is now being completed by CzechToll and SkyToll, "the minister said.
The state would be looking for the operator of the current myth, which will be launched from this December. It would not be a competition for a completely new toll system, as was the case with the last tender, nor the use of the old system now operated by Kapsch.
However, according to the Kremlin, the Ministry is also preparing for the fact that it would not be able to prepare a new tender in time. "Based on the experience of the toll tender, I am deeply convinced that the FTC is wrong and that it is not objectively possible to prepare and implement such a complex procurement procedure and to pass on the operation of the toll system to the new operator within the specified period of 12 months," he said.
In addition to the new procurement procedure, the resort will also prepare a provisional solution that would resolve toll collection for a temporary period until the state finds a fully fledged form of solution.
Thus, the state is unlikely to make use of the offer submitted by the current administrator of the Capsch myth in recent days. The Austrian company offered to operate the existing system in case the toll agreement was cancelled.
At the same time, the Kremlin reiterated its belief that a backup plan would not be needed. The Ministry will therefore file a decay against the decision of the antitrust office.
The FTC issued a decision on Thursday banning the performance of the toll agreement. However, the ban will not take effect until a year after the Authority's decision is legally effective. This is not final and can be dismantled against the President of the Office. The Ministry and CzechToll are therefore continuing to prepare a new myth, which should be launched in December.
The CzechToll/SkyToll consortium won last year's bid for a new toll system and its operators. It succeeded in the toll tender with a bid of CZK 10.75 billion for ten years of operation. The current operator Kapsch protested against the tender and the validity of the toll contract, which failed to offer more than CZK 13 billion.
I still see myself as a boy who is just looking around, says Jan Cina
"That was a big school for everyone who worked on it. I fell in love with afro dancing there. The way I have something Romani in me after my dad, it totally enchanted me, "said Jan Cina, who considers himself mainly a musical actor.
More fresh memories than First Step has of being a painter in the new film National Class. Tina revealed that the director Stephen Altrichter must have attracted him a lot. "It was hard work, but the result is worth it. The film was made a year ago. Hard and honest, but fun at the same time. It was on the National Avenue, where I used to drive like an unicorn. There was also a lot of filming in the Southern City of Prague, "he said on the Czech-German co-production.
Although he is nominated for the Thalia Award for his role in Little Prince, he does not consider it a career highlight. "I don't feel that way. I still see myself as a boy who's just looking around. But the nomination is very pleasant and surprising. I can see the top far in front of me, "he said, not even thinking about saying thank you in case of victory. "Not really, but as a child, when I listened to talk shows on the radio, I always imagined talking to people."
Jan Tina has been living with her colleague Petr Vančura for 13 years. What's his recipe for a happy relationship? "To like each other and perceive problems as a challenge and a good thing to solve," he revealed, remembering the Czech Lions awarding when his friend fell down the stairs.
"Yes, it did. He had new slippery shoes, and the red carpet was slippery. So it wasn't long before he was on the ground. He could make it a priority. He had a workshop on Vanchur's steps, where he taught how to fall safely down the stairs at VIP events. "
Děčín Zoo enjoys a small macaque
"Our gang currently has seven members. Her youngest member came into the world on August 17, gave birth to female Buffy and is her fifth cub, father is male Hitam. For the first days after childbirth, the female cub carried a tight grip on her body, and for a long time she did not want to show the world whether she had given birth to a male or a female. At roughly three weeks of the youth's age, however, it has gradually begun to postpone it for a little while and the caregivers have known for a few days that it is a male, "said zoo spokeswoman Alena Houšková, noting that Děčín Zoo has successfully bred 12 chicks of this kind.
Plump macaques are the so-called endemics of Sulawesi Island, meaning that elsewhere in the world they do not live in the wild. A typical feature is the black fur and plumage on the head, according to which they have a name. Plump macaques live in rainforests, especially at lower altitudes.
Like most primates, they feed on plant and animal food. In the diet, the fruits of forest trees, which complement flowers and leaves, predominantly predominate. It addresses the need for proteins by eating small arthropods, larvae and, to a lesser extent, bird eggs and pups.
"Aside from the natural enemies that are pythons, everything else has been written down by man. Locals hunt macaques as a favorite prey with tasty meat and for fur. The burning and cutting of the rainforest is fatal for these animals, "the spokeswoman added.
Germany reports the first case of West Nile mosquito fever on its territory. Related to Climate Change
In addition to West Nile fever, mosquitoes can also transmit malaria.
On Friday, Germany announced the first case of a man infected with West Nile fever in German territory after being pinched by an infected mosquito. DPA reported. Until now, all sufferers have been infected with the virus when traveling or contact with sick animals. According to experts, a landmark case of the disease is linked to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute reported that a 70 - year - old man from Saxony contracted the virus. The disease was severe, and he was treated for inflammation of the brain in a hospital in Leipzig. He's healthy now.
West Nile fever virus was first detected in 1937 in Uganda. Meanwhile, it spread to vast parts of Africa, Asia, and Europe, and the United States in the 1990 "s. Its carriers are mainly birds, as well as mosquitoes that become infected with their infected blood.
Managers of state-owned companies are to go through the tender process. Law can be circumvented, opposition says
"This is a typical bill that is unnecessary," said Zbyněk Stanjura, president of the ODS MP.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the Chamber of Deputies approved changes intended to avoid opaque division of functions - critics talk about trafikes - in state firms in the future. New candidates should go through the selection process at the ministry and will also be assessed by the government committee for personnel nominations.
However, it is a compromise solution which, for example, ODS does not like, because it will reportedly allow ministers to make excuses that the selection committees are responsible for any poor selection of state managers. Moreover, the opinion of the committee will not be binding on the minister. The news still has to be approved by the Senate and signed by President Miloš Zeman.
Přerov: Driver crashed near Kokory village: Died wedged in his Fabia
The tragic accident occurred on Friday on a straight stretch between Přov and the village Kokory. The 28-year-old Fabie chauffeur didn't make it off the road. The car rolled over onto the roof and he remained wedged under it. He didn't survive the injuries.
"According to the initial information detected at the scene, a passenger vehicle traveling in the direction of Kokory went off the road, where it flipped onto the roof and the driver remained wedged under the vehicle," said the new police spokeswoman Miluše Hare to the novinky.cz server.
And where are the audience? Doha cannot be London
But it is also a step backwards, as athletics voluntarily and consciously renounced the exciting atmosphere that prevailed at the sold-out stadium in London 2017 and last year at the European Championships in Berlin.
The giant banners on the walls of the Doha skyscrapers invite to the "biggest sporting event of 2019," but concerns about how dignified its scenes will be are growing.
"Tickets for the destination are sold out for all evenings," the organizers say.
But that's too little.
The upper gallery of the stadium Khalifa with a total capacity of 40 thousand spectators is already covered with colorful sails, on which are also depicted the flags of 209 participating countries. Athletics has gone to Qatar, where it has no roots in spite of the annual Diamond League meeting.
Let us not be surprised that last week only 50 thousand tickets were sold for ten days of the Championship, although their price started at 60 Qatari rials, i.e. at less than 400 crowns.
The organizers now set themselves the goal of filling at least half the uncovered portions of the booths. That is why, according to sources in British newspaper Giuardian, they supposedly (although the organizers themselves deny it) distribute free tickets to migrants who work there as workers, as well as to children. Which Sebastian Coe, head of the IAAF athletic association, can also comment on positively: "We can also inspire future generations."
Rich Qatar has won world championships in handball and cycling in the past, after athletics comes in 2022 for football. Financial offers from the oil power will always be lucrative for rich sports federations. That's the reality of today's sports world.
But even if we accept it and ignore the absence of fans in the stadium, we cannot help but wonder that the experiment with the first outdoor World Athletics Championships on the Arabian Peninsula should have been better timed by the IAAF leaders - and for another year. An extremely late deadline, forced by climate, is hacking up the entire season schedule in the pre-Olympic year and thus preparing for the crucial Olympic season, which would normally start for athletes in October.
Perhaps Qatar will at least make up for it with technological innovations, with which it promises ultramodern and attractive mastery. That it's just 37 degrees? Already the area of the stadium is artificially air-conditioned to twenty-four. And the advanced cameras, built into the blocks, are designed to give TV viewers a close look at what happens in athletes in the hundredths of a second before and just after the starter's shot.
Sparta is really loaded this year, acknowledges Nedomlel Hradec bek
In his case, the increased motivation is more than understandable. Hradec ice hockey defender Richard Nedomlel will go in Friday's game against the club where he recently worked. However, the former Spartan is convinced that his teammates will be similarly, even though they never dressed for the Prague club.
"Everyone wants to pull out against Sparta," says Hradec bek before the match of the 5 extraliga round.
Hradec Králové will try to stretch his series of wins, which at the moment count three three-point wins in a row. After Kladno, Pilsen came on Sunday the most appreciated fans, Mountfield took a ride to neighboring Pardubice.
"But we can't watch the games that were. We need to focus on the matches that await us now and play in them as well, if not better, "points out the Hradec defender.
They should not even look back at last year's balance sheet with Sparta. In three of the four games they lost, they only took points once after winning in Prague after the extension. Moreover, Sparta's leadership has brought in some significant reinforcements in the summer and expects the team to return to the top.
"Sparta have always had quality players, but what we're going to talk about is they're really loaded this year," admits Nedomlel before the first game of the end of this week.
And the other one? Nice shift, too, waiting for Mountfield on Sunday afternoon in Třinka.
Bloomberg: Venezuela has hidden bitcoins and doesn't know what to do with them
The Central Bank of Venezuela is conducting internal tests to determine whether it can hold cryptocurrencies. It responds to an instruction from the state-owned company Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which seeks to send bitcoins and ethers to the central bank and then pay cryptocurrency to the oil firm's suppliers. Employees are also studying a proposal to allow the central bank to include cryptocurrencies in foreign-exchange reserves, which are now near lows in 30 years. This was reported by Bloomberg, citing four sources.
The sanctions imposed by the United States against President Nicolás Maduro's authoritarian regime have largely cut Venezuela off from the global financial system. This has exacerbated the economic crisis in the country. The current crisis is one of the most serious in global comparison, forcing officials to use a mix of different ways to move money. While Maduro's efforts to launch the world's first state cryptocurrency have failed, continued efforts to use digital currencies show how desperately the government is trying to find ways to circumvent restrictions.
Neither the Central Bank of Venezuela nor PDVSA replied to a request for comment.
It is not clear how PDVSA came to own bitcoins and ethers, or how much value they own. The company has difficulty obtaining payments from customers through conventional channels because large banks are unwilling to trade with entities subject to sanctions. Last month, the company received most of the payment of $700 million ($16.6 billion) in Chinese yuan because the parties failed to find financial institutions that would allow the transaction.
PDVSA may not want to sell cryptocurrencies on the open market, as this would require it to register on the stock market and submit to an in-depth check, called due diligence. Instead, he wants the cryptocurrency to be used by the central bank and paid to the entities to which PDVSA owes. Oil officials believe that the central bank is less exposed to any obstacles that might arise from cryptocurrency payments.
Bitcoins and ethers use a decentralised internet ledger known as blockchain to verify and record transactions. In some cases relatively anonymous transfers are allowed without the need for an intermediary. Few banks engage in digital currencies because of problems with money laundering and client information related to them, complicating compliance.
Cryptocurrencies following the debacle in 2018 are experiencing a return to the brink this year due to expectations of greater adoption by the institutions and Facebook's plan to come up with its own cryptocurrency. Still, they remain unstable. Bitcoin has fallen nearly 20 percent in the last four days, but it has gained about 130 percent since the beginning of the year.
Neckermann cancels all flights, it affects five hundred Czech clients
Neckermann cancels flights in connection with the insolvency of British Thomas Cook and his German daughter.
"The Czech company Thomas Cook, s. r. o., acting under the trade name Neckermann Travel Agency, did not submit an insolvency application," Šrámek said in a press release.
"However, CK Neckermann is forced to continue cancelling planned departures of its clients," he added, noting that this currently applies to all departures from 26 September to 6 October.
According to Šrámek, the cancellation of flights affects approximately 500 clients. According to him, 800 Neckermann clients who are abroad at the moment "will be taken care of and their safe return to the Czech Republic by their scheduled flight."
The travel agency admitted that some clients were asked to pay for their stay. "In this case, it is necessary for clients to contact CK Neckermann SOS immediately," added Šrámek.
The collapse of Thomas Cook occurred on Monday. In August this year, the travel agency concluded an agreement whereby creditors were to inject £900 million into the company.
Half of the sum was due from Fosun Tourism. On that basis, it was to become the majority owner. The other half was to be provided by bondholders and creditor banks. However, as early as September 20th, it was reported that the creditors had asked the travel agent to raise a reserve of £200 million, otherwise the deal was dropped. On Monday, the company announced that it had gone bankrupt.
Under the bridge, someone killed a non-confrontational homeless woman. Police are looking for witnesses
According to the Prague police, the murder occurred sometime during the evening from Tuesday to Wednesday. It is at this time that the police call for possible testimony relates.
"One of the drivers who drove along the bridge connecting Libeň and Žižkov or the street Pod Krejcárkem could have filmed the killer, for example, on a dashboard camera. Maybe a witness could just see him and describe him. In short, we will welcome any testimony to this case and accept it on line 158, "said Jan Daněk, spokesman of the regional police directorate.
According to Tax's spokesman, the homeless woman who was murdered was non-confrontational, did not drink alcohol, and did not seek the company of others. The woman lived at the scene. "She was most often in the vicinity of Krejcárek, Palmovka and Holešovice, when she carried large blue shopping bags," Daněk added a description of the victim, which could also help any witnesses.
Slovaks succeed, only pay a fine for racist insults
The Slovak Football Union succeeded in appealing against the stadium's closure for fan racism. The team was originally scheduled to play the European Championship qualification match with Wales without spectators, instead the union will only pay a fine of EUR 15 000 (about CZK 387 000).
The UEFA Disciplinary Board punished Slovakia and Hungary for the behaviour of the fans during the recent qualifying match in Budapest, which the visiting trustees of Czech coach Pavel Hapal won 2:1. Both the matches closed the stadium and Slovakia fined 20 thousand euros, Hungary 67 thousand euros.
The Slovaks were only fined € 15 000 for insulting political cries after the appeal. The nearest national team match to qualify for the European Championship with Wales on 10 October in Trnava will be made available to fans.
Basketball players did not reach the medal from MS until the age of 17, they finished fourth
Even the third MS seventeen was won by the Americans, who beat Spain just 77:75 in the final, despite 40 points by Angela Salvadois.
"We really wanted to win and not be a potato, but maybe we wanted it too much. We got the start, but we couldn't hold it because we got rolled under the trash, "regretted captain Karolína Malečková. "Playing in front of such an audience was an incredible experience," she praised the fans in Klatov and Pilsen.
The Czechs started very well, thanks to two threes they took the lead 8:0 and throughout the first quarter on the field dominated. At that moment it seemed that the opponents would return the defeat from the base group 85:88 after the extension. But the referees blew 15 fouls in half-time and helped Hungary back into the game with 12:2.
"I'm sure we had to put another two or three baskets, run for 20 points, and we wouldn't let it go. But instead, our mistakes came. I don't care about the referees, but what we did wrong, and there were mistakes that helped the opponent get caught, "said coach Richard Fousek.
"It wasn't the first time we had a lapse in concentration. But the girls are fighters, they didn't release anything and they fought to the end. But the opponent was very good, "he added.
The Czech women kept in the game especially Petra Holešínská by precise shooting from a distance and pivotka Tereza Šípová. The best Czech scorer had a problem with fouls and much of the third quarter on the field was missing. The Hungarians took advantage and gained a slight lead, which they had already maintained, even though the Czechs fought until the last seconds.
"For us the first five games were very demanding, we turned the matches in tight rotation and it cost us a lot of power. You could see against Spain that the girls were tired and there was nowhere to take. We weren't consistent in defense because of the physics. We didn't play a quick counterattack, we missed a shot. And Hungarians are so good that if you don't combine everything together, it's hard to win, "Fousek added.
He believes his trustee has a promising future ahead of her. "Two years later, the girls were able to win the Youth Olympics, be second at the sixteen-year-old European Championships, and now they are fourth in the world. On our terms it is a quality team with a good character and needs to continue to work with it and develop talent. Now it is up to the Federation to assign a coach in the higher categories, "Fousek added.
The end of political strife? Critics say the new law won't help anyway!
But according to some opposition MPs, the law is more likely to exempt ministers from election responsibilities while continuing to choose their candidates.
Greater transparency in tenders for posts in state firms - this is one of the objectives of the Nomination Act. 119 Members voted in favour. The law passed thanks, for example, to the votes of YES, KSČM, Social Democrats and even Pirates.
Candidates for state-owned companies will have to go through the tender process before a government committee. For example, it was the Pirates who sought to make the Minister's recommendation binding. That didn't work out.
The Civic Democrats and the SPD are concerned that the nomination bill will be playing to ministers. "Newly, the Minister will be able to hide behind a decision of the Commission and thus not have a clear transparent responsibility," thinks the SPD President Tomio. ODS Vice-President Martin Kupka speaks similarly.
A government committee should completely reject candidates who do not qualify. These will include criminal integrity, indebtedness, a minimum age of 25, and the main selection criterion should be expertise.
The bill will still have to pass through the Senate and then be signed by the President.
Tough competition for Skoda Kamiq. Kia XCeed bets on rich equipment, at what price?
The Kia XCeed is a relatively difficult model to sort. It belongs unambiguously to a compact SUV, but does not offer all-wheel drive. This item leaves to the larger sibling Sportage, which is as direct an answer to cars as Škoda Karoq, Opel Grandland X or Volkswagen Tiguan. Compared to them, XCeed also bets on more dynamic body shapes, which by sloping the rear can remotely remind the world of SUVs, popular in this part of the market mainly among premium brands Audi, BMW or Mercedes-Benz.
On the other hand, the XCeed cannot be classified only on the side of fastened versions of classic compacts, such as Ford Focus Active. Compared to him, the Koreans made a lot more changes on the bodywork, so who doesn't want Ceed to see the news in its shapes might not.
Unlike a compact hatchback or a Ceed combo, the XCeed is also exclusively offered with supercharged engines, so don't expect a basic atmospheric 14-wheeler. XCeed starts with supercharged liter and offers also supercharged sixteen hundred and 150 kW, reserved for siblings version GT. Don't wait for sports here. Turbodiesels 1.6 CRDi is offered only in mild-hybrid design, which means that the internal combustion engine is assisted by an electrical system that helps with reducing consumption and emissions. From 100 kW it is also possible to pay for a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic in addition to the manual.
Soon the supply will grow to include a plug-in hybrid, a variant that will run about six dozen kilometers for electricity only. The battery can also be charged from a normal socket.
Simona Krain: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucia White!
The day before the Fuck The Age calendar was baptized, Simona Krainová posted her last photos of herself naked! "I was a little worried about people judging me that I was naked at my age. Because I'm a very shy person. But I only have positive reactions so far. I wanted to show women that when they want to, they can still have a strong physique at 46. Of course, there's work and renunciation behind it, but there's no other way. "
"Luke Dvořák and I took about three thousand photos, selected about a hundred, and there are twelve on the calendar, so the rest are still waiting for their moment. It's definitely not the last time I'm naked, "confided Lightning, a model who came to her baptism very exposed.
She wore an extended Bernhardt jacket and shorts underneath that were not visible, so it looked like she'd forgotten her bottom. Daily running has strengthened her legs, so she can afford such models.
Simon was so pleased with her success that she kissed everyone she met at baptism. Husband, friends, even Slavica Lucia White.
Autoladicka brought the voice of a digital soul
Everything you know about obesity is wrong, says a headline in a long text written for Huffington Post by Michael Hobbes and photographed by Finlay Mackay. The provocative explanation then states that for decades the medical community ignored the facts about obesity and waged a ruthless (and also useless) war against overweight people that not only marked public opinion but also destroyed many lives. But now is the time for a new paradigm.
What Hobbes says at the outset is that from knowing and learning the facts to putting them into practice often leads to a very long and tedious journey. He mentions a case of Kurdish, when some captains handed out lemons, limes, and oranges to their crew in the seventeenth century with the belief that they would prevent disease. However, the British Navy withdrew from this practice due to concerns about increased costs. The clear influence of fruit in the prevention and treatment of disease was then proven in the middle of the 18th century, but it took another fifty years for the Navy to take this into account. Even seatbelts existed long before the invention of the car, but became compulsory in the 1960s, just as the first confirmed asbestos-related death dates back to 1906, yet its first ban came in 1973.
"Every public health discovery ​ - no matter how important it was - ​ has always had to compete with traditions, prejudices, and financial incentives within the society in which it was to be implemented," writes Hobbes. In American society, nearly 80 percent of the adult population and about one third of children now meet the definition of overweight or obesity. More Americans now live with obesity than with breast cancer, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and HIV combined.
Obesity is viewed as a supremely personal failure of an individual who is said to be burdening health care and reducing GDP. The fear of thickness is so great in the population that Americans today spend more money on diets than they spend on computer games and movies. But the truth is that diets don't work. As early as 1959, research showed that 95 to 98% of attempts to lose weight ended in failure, and two thirds of people on the diet then gained more than they lost.
Armed with statistics, Hobbes further describes the lifestyles and traumas of overweight people. Personal meets systemic, where, for example, at faculties teaching future doctors devotes only 19 hours to nutrition issues from the whole study. Which at a time when 60 calorie process that Americans accept comes from ultra-processed food - that is, overly processed food.
In turn, obesity's stigmatization is illustrated by reports from offices where overweight people tend to experience shorter checkups, and doctors approach them with less empathy and view them as more problematic patients.
But overweight is far from an American problem, as Hobbes writes, since 1980, the share of obesity in 73 countries has doubled and increased in 113. And in that time, no country has managed to reduce this increase and stop it. Absolutely none.
Brno Grand Prix? Ticket Price Increase
The most expensive item is a refill fee before the Grand Prix each year. This year was about one hundred and fifteen million crowns. "The mass of people who arrive in Brno at the Grand Prix will spend money on accommodation, food or entertainment, which should more or less offset the costs of organizing the event, including the refill fee," said economist Petr Pelc.
According to him, the importance of the race is also in attracting tourists to the city. "Brno doesn't have that many world tourist attractions. The Grand Prix attracts visitors from abroad. It is as important for Brno as for example the Turkish airport or exhibition centre. These are projects that are supported by public money, "the economist added.
Grand Prix in Brno
- costs for the past five years: CZK 686 million
- profits from the past five years: CZK 682 million
- problem: lack of money for organizing, increasing security fee for promoter Dorna
- possible solutions: more money from the state, use of the advertising area, increase the price of tickets
- state of play: negotiations on a new contract for the organisation of events for the next five years
According to the director of the Institute of Public Administration Filip Horůzy, organizers must now evaluate whether the race is advantageous for Brno. "The Grand Prix drains money from public budgets on other matters. But to some extent it is a political and not an economic question, "he thinks.
In the future, the cost of a motor event may be even higher. In the game, the variant of increasing the refill fee is almost double.
"The situation is not closed, we must try to negotiate the best possible terms with Dorna. It also depends on the extent to which the state is prepared to contribute to the race. Should the worst-case scenarios come true, I fear it is not realistic for the city and the region to pay the amount, "admitted Mayor Markéta Vaňková in Brno.
As Daily Equality has already reported, representatives of the South Moravian Region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising due to difficulties in raising money for the Grand Prize. "Dorna's condition is that advertising be placed in places that don't take up cameras. The choice of companies is also limited, because if Dorna has a general sponsor, the company from the same area cannot be the second sponsor, "explained Vaňková.
In future years, organizers can also raise more money from tickets. "We have to sit down and say what the cost will be. And we have to adjust the revaluation of tickets, "said the opposition representative for the ANO movement and former mayor Petr Vokřál.
Accident on the D5: Motorway closed by collision of trucks
The event was reported around 08:00 on the 22nd kilometer in the direction of Prague. "The highway is closed, at least for freight. Cars can be driven through a gas station, "police spokeswoman Michaela Richter said this morning. Operation was resumed around 14:30 Preliminary damage is according to Richterová at least two million crowns, the cause of the accident police are investigating.
Petr Svoboda, a spokesman for the Central Bohemian Fire Department, said that one truck was carrying private vehicles and the other was carrying plastic granulate. "Due to the heavy impact, there was a displacement of transported vehicles, which firefighters had to first ensure against any fall," he added.
One of the cars had a damaged fuel tank, from which about 200 liters of diesel leaked. Another 200 liters of firefighters managed to drain. Employees of the Environment Department of Beroun Town Hall were called to the accident due to a fuel leak. The release of the crashed vehicles and the freeway was provided by a private company, which also extracted contaminated soil.
Failed qualification. Czech athletes are not doing well in Doha
The World Championships in Doha began with qualifying setbacks for Czech athletics. Diana Mezuliáníková dropped out in the 800 meters and the qualifier was not passed by pole maker Romana Maláčová or hammer maker Kateřina Šafránková, who defended the eighth place, which she surprised in London last year.
The start on Friday will be completed by the obstacler Vít Müller and the night marathon race will be run by Marcel Joglová.
Šafránková threw 65.46 meters in her third attempt and fell nearly six meters behind her maximum this year, which she would have to improve. Maláčová jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was already above her strength. To participate in the final, the limit of 460 cm had to be overcome.
Interleague, who got to the championship only at the last minute thanks to an invitation from the international federation IAAF, finished in fourth at the penultimate sixth place and even the time of 2: 03.48 minutes was not enough to advance to the semifinals. She fell one and a half seconds short of her peak this year. "It was pretty quick for me, unfortunately I was fighting my opponent in the corner, which kind of took my strength away. I thought I still had the strength, but that's where it hampered me. I almost stopped and had to start up again, so that made it a little uncomfortable. I cannot be completely satisfied, "the Czech representative said.
She was glad to have overtaken at least one opponent in the finish line. "She really wasn't well, so every defeated opponent was good. But I think it was for the fifth place. Unfortunately, "she said. The fastest halfcar in the running was Winnie Nanyond of Uganda in 2:00, 36.
In Doha, Caster Semenya of JAR, who has too high a level of testosterone in her body, has been absent for the past few years, but like some other runners, she refuses the treatment prescribed by IAAF rules since this year.
In the 100 metres, American Christian Coleman was the number one favourite in the 100 metres and was the only one to get below the ten-second mark. His compatriot Justin Gatlin, who is seeking to defend his title at the age of 37, also advanced to the semifinals. Nigerian Divine Oduduru, who is ranked 9.86 in this year's standings, did not start and was expected to compete with Coleman, who has a 9.81 performance this season.
The Cuban Juan Miguel Echevarría, who first jumped 840 cm, showed great form. No athlete in MS qualifications has jumped this far in the last 20 years. The 21-year-old Kubanec leads this year's standings with a performance of 865 cm.
French Oscar candidate The Miserables will open the parade Be2Can
Golden Bear and both winners of the actors' awards from this year's Berlinale, the directing prize and the Cannes jury prize and many others will present the 6th annual festival film from Berlin, Venice and Cannes. This year too, the festival will bring a selection of the most remarkable and indefensible ones presented by the competitions of the three most important European film festivals.
The opening film of this year's show will be the French drama Miserables, for which the film's author Ladj Ly took the Jury Award at this year's Cannes Festival. The film is a French Oscar candidate. The premieres of the film in Prague will be presented in person by representatives of two main roles of police officers of the criminal unit, actors Alexis Manenti and Djibril Zonga. Alexis Manenti is also a co-writer of the screenplay.
this year it will take place in the Prague cinemas Lucerna and Edison Filmhub, in Brno (cinema Art), Ostrava (Minikino) and Zlín (Golden Apple Cinema) from 2 to 8 October.
Director Ladj Ly's directorial debut was launched and awarded at a number of other world festivals after his success at Cannes. The IFF Durban won the Best Film Award and the Best Screenplay Award, and was also presented at the IFF in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo and will soon be shown in San Sebastian.
Within the festival, however, the audience can also look forward to films Synonyms, Young Ahmed, System Breaker, Farewell, my son, Sorry, we didn't catch you, Ghost Town Anthology and The Golden Glove. But they can also look forward to more fresh news from this year's Venice, which will go to the Czech distribution: science fiction Ad Astra, Joker, Czech triumph Nabarvené bird.
Which cities disappear under the sea?
The Canadian Parliament's upper house vote has confirmed a familiar rumor for several days: Canada is taking away the honorary citizenship of former human rights legend Nobel Peace Prize winner Do Aun San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who spent years under house arrest for trying to bring freedom to her country, lost her honorary title because of her share of the genocide against the minority nation of the Rohingya.
The decision to take Suu Kyi's honorary citizenship had been agreed by the lower legislature a week ago, and the senators now unanimously supported it. "It is the right message for her and Myanmar and for the world," commented independent Senator Ratna Omidvar. "We must make it clear that genocide conspirators are not welcome here in Canada - all the more so as honest citizens."
The verdict of the Canadian Parliament does not technically change anything for Suu Kyi, it is only an honorary title, but on a symbolic level it is a strong message for her. The silence of a longtime human rights activist on the atrocities that the army of mostly Buddhist Myanmar has been committing for endless months on the Rohingya Muslim minority is unbearable.
The fact that an officially organized genocide is taking place in Myanmar, and that Suu Kyi - de facto prime minister of the country's government - has failed utterly in her duty to protect her citizens, a UN report recently revealed. Specifically, it mentions the names of several army commanders who, according to the investigation team, should stand trial for crimes against humanity committed in actions that, as the report states, "shock both the horror of their actions and the vast scale." According to the United Nations, Suu Kyi and her administration committed complicity primarily by covering up and releasing around them the fog of lies - such as a "counterterrorism operation."
Five figures remain on the list of honorary citizens of Canada after Suu Kyi's removal: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, Tändzin Gjamccho, the 14th Dalai Lama, Karim Aga Khan IV, the 49th Imam of the Visitist Muslims, and Malala Sufzzzzen
The development of the former icon of the fight for freedom and democracy was reflected in the Canadian Museum of Human Rights, where the profile of Suu Kyi added information about atrocities against the Rohingya and the parliamentary decision to take her the title of honorary citizen. "We have also dimmed the lighting of her photo on a tablet showing the timeline of the fight for human rights, and we are thinking about replacing her face with a portrait of a member of the Rohingya minority," Canadian media quoted museum spokesman Rorie McLeod as saying.
The only thing that will remain so in Suu Kyi's current turmoil - at least for now - is the Nobel Peace Prize, awarded to her on the proposal of Václav Havel in 1991 for a huge contribution to the fight for democracy. "While Mrs Suu Kyi's present performance is regrettable, her award will not be annulled," Nobel Foundation head Lars Heikensten told CBS Canada.
Microplastics reached the human intestines, first study confirmed
Scientists have been confirmed as suspicious for several years. A team led by University of Vienna professor Philippe Schwable has published a study that demonstrates for the first time the presence of microplastics in human faeces. Although the study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia - however, tiny particles of plastics between 50 and 500 micrometers were found in the samples of all subjects surveyed. None of the eight subjects was vegetarian, six of them avoided sea fish, all drinking water from plastic bottles and food packed in plastic.
And it would actually be a bit of a miracle if nothing was found. We already know that microplastics - which are produced either directly, for example, for the needs of the cosmetics industry, or are produced by the decay of larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water, and lemonades; just everywhere on the planet. So their entry into the human digestive system was only officially confirmed. About 20 microplastic particles accounted for ten grams of stool, and scientists estimate that more than half of the world's population will have them.
Of course, both lay and scientific awareness suspect that this is not a good thing. But mankind still does not know how bad it is - and how microplastics affect "host" organisms. Small particles can reach the bloodstream or the lymph system and end up in the liver, for example. "It is the first study of its kind to confirm what we have long thought. Now that we have the first evidence of microplastics in the human body, we need to continue to investigate exactly what it means for human health, "says Schwabl.
So far, it is known that microplastics in the gut can negatively affect the immune reactions of the digestive system, thus facilitating absorption of toxic chemicals and other pathogens into the body. And there is no other solution known than to reduce plastic use, especially polypropylene. But that would be difficult - the first task facing governments and authorities would at least stop its steep rise. When it comes to plastic bottles, experts estimate that three years from now, mankind will consume a fifth more than today. The current rate is a whopping one million bottles per minute. Each year, roughly eight million tons of plastic end up in the seas and oceans. Waste threatens marine ecosystems and infects marine digestive systems.
Some states have already taken restrictions and other measures, for example, Kenya banned plastic bags under threat of draconian punishment. The European Commission is considering minor bans (a well-known straw), and the Czech Environment Ministry is heading in the same direction. Critics, however, argue that such measures are nice but completely inadequate.
Harry following in Princess Diana's footsteps († 36)! Where's Meghan?
Diana was special about being able to grab people's hearts. In January 1997, she caused a stir when she visited Africa, especially the minefield. The images of him wearing a protective suit and face shield became iconic. Even then, no one could have guessed that a few months later the Princess of Human Hearts would breathe her last breath in a tragic car accident in Paris.
Now her younger son Harry has scored, after 22 years he went to the same place as her. He went to a mine removal post in Diric, Angola, and also put on a special protective suit, looking very thoughtful. Surely he could not help remembering his beloved mother, who he lost at the age of just 13.
Harry gave a speech right at the scene to praise the efforts of the Halo Trust, an organization working to defuse minefields and other explosives in countries where war had taken place. "Minefields are unhealed wounds of war. By cleaning them, we can help the community to find peace, with which opportunities come, "he said, also appealing for the preservation and maintenance of wildlife and the local river as a source of water. After this visit, the Duke of Sussex moved to Huamba to rename the local orthopaedic centre after his famous mother, Princess Diana.
He did not forget to mention her on the official Instagram account: "The Duke is honored to visit a place and community that were so important to his mother, to learn about their relentless mission, and to speak for all whom she was to (Diana) the impression that they most needed to be heard, even though the problem was not popular worldwide, "the Sussex Royal Instagram post said.
However, royal fans may freeze that he did not take his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months) on such a quest to remember Diana. Both of them have had separate programs toward Harry since Wednesday, probably to protect them. After all, taking a baby to a minefield doesn't sound very safe, and Harry doesn't want to endanger his beloved family at any cost.
The only ones. We don't have a certain reproduction, but we don't have to scare
Some words have unpleasant connotations, even if they convey the state of affairs. They include the word "only child." It refers to a child growing up without siblings, but it doesn't sound neutral. "You know, an only child," they say, with nothing to add. Interestingly, this feature has long been borne by the "only child," from a time when expressions such as demographic crisis were not widely used.
Today, even people outside the scientific community know that a fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman is needed to ensure simple reproduction of the population. It is also widely known that no state in Europe today achieves this value. France or Sweden are closest to it at most, but European countries do not have a simple reproduction rate. (Within the West, only Israel is out of step with the aggregate fertility rate of 3.1 children per woman.) It's a situation made for alarmism. It is therefore not surprising when the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs Maláčová fails him: "There are almost as many only children as there are two-parent families," she said in an interview with LN. But she had forgotten the devil in detail.
Yes, it is good to draw attention to the problem instead of downplaying or ideologizing it. Like in Germany, where campaigning for more children easily gets the label of fascism (in the style of "Hitler also supported it"). It is good to be reminded that many pairs plan their only children directly. It is good for politicians to show the will to remove the obstacles that lead to decisions (for example, weak expansion of work from home discourages women from further pregnancies). But let's bring one thing to our attention.
If Minister Maláčová says that "there are almost so many only children," there is demagoguery. The statement was appropriate twenty years ago. Recall that fertility in the Czech Republic last ensured simple reproduction in 1980 ("Husák's children"). It then declined to a formidable 1.14 in 2000. But since then, it has risen by almost fifty percent, to 1.70 children per woman now, a European above average. This is not yet enough for simple reproduction, so the activity of politicians is appropriate. Only with the alarmism can they take a little away.
Costa Rica is a champion in the fight against climate change
Costa Rica received the title for several reasons. To begin with, a plan to be carbon neutral by 2050 - but many countries have committed to that under the Paris Agreement. The Central American state, with a population of about five million, produces only 0.4 percent of the world's emissions. Costa Rica has also pledged to fully switch to renewable energy by 2030, with 70 percent of buses or taxi cars expected to run on electricity.
The official tourist organization says that about 95 percent of renewable energy is already generated - Costa Rica operated for 300 days in 2017.
Costa Rica boasts nearly 30 national parks.
The density of afforestation also contributes to the reduction of emissions. Rain forests with a variety of fauna and flora, covering more than half of the country's territory, are also one of the main tourist attractions. "Costa Rica is a pioneer in nature conservation, setting an example for other countries in the region, but also around the world. Climate change requires urgent action from all of us, "the UN said in a statement.
Costa Rica boasts nearly 30 national parks, which is indeed a great deal due to the small land area (51,100 square kilometers). Rain or mist forests, coral reefs, or mangrove marshes are home to five percent of the world's biodiversity. The earth also has volcanoes, pitoreska waterfalls, and you would also find several rescue stations for sloths.
Easy on the planet. The Night of Scientists begins in Prague
"I would definitely visit CTU in Prague and look at the model of what smart cities will look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Institute of Anatomy at the Faculty of Medicine, which at other times has no public access, "advises Jitřenka Navratilová, national coordinator of the Night of Scientists.
The Institute of Anatomy offers a tour of the autopsy room and the opportunity to try work with surgical tools.
"Then I would run over to CHU and watch the movie Green Desert," adds Navratilová. Nine laboratories will offer guided tours. The motto of this year's Night of Scientists is "gentle to the planet."
Attorney General reinstates prosecution of mother who manipulated daughter against father
Attorney General Pavel Zeman disagrees with the acquittal of a mother who has long manipulated her daughter and undermined her relationship with her father. She faced charges of abuse and endangering her upbringing. The regional court has acquitted her, Zeman disagrees. According to his appeal to the Supreme Court, a crime can be seen in similar conduct.
The Supreme Court ruling could have a broader impact on other cases. "A more specific definition of such a specific form of abuse can also be considered necessary to guide further application practice," says Zeman's appeal.
Last year, the Svitavy District Court first found the woman guilty of abusing the person in charge and endangering the child's upbringing. She and her daughter formed a strong, symbiotic bond, even when entrusted to her father.
The result was a pathological fixation on the mother and a significantly negative relationship with the father. The situation marked the emotional development of a daughter who was even hospitalized. She threatened self-harm in the event of a transfer of custody of her father.
The Svitava Court sentenced the mother to two years in prison with a two-year suspension. The Pardubice branch of the Regional Court, however, acquitted the woman in the appeal proceedings. The same verdict was repeated by the regional court after the Supreme Court had ordered it to rule again.
The Regional Court found that the situations in which one parent manipulates a child towards another are not exceptional. They shall be dealt with in custody proceedings, where appropriate with the help of psychologists or youth social protection bodies. Exceptionally, criminal law is the solution.
According to the Attorney General, however, the woman committed both abuse and endangering her upbringing. "The accused was deliberate in her daughter's negative feelings for her father, and she purposely reinforced those negative emotions. In doing so, she not only pursued the illicit intention to limit or exclude the father's contact with a minor, but she had to be acutely aware that doing so would cause negative consequences for the minor in the psychosocial sphere, "the appeal states.
Zeman asked the Supreme Court to return the case once more to the regional court. It follows from the appeal that the child is now in the care of the father.
Step aside, he asked Schiller for words about opposition scum Czernin
"I find it completely unacceptable that a member of the Czech Government anywhere, much less on the floor of Parliament, should use such totalitarian terms," Czernin wrote in an open letter to Schiller.
Her words caused a stir when discussing the draft constitutional action against President Miloš Zeman. The opposition did not get enough votes, and the draft constitutional action with which the Senate came was thrown off the table.
"I get dozens of messages from people I don't know. There's not a single vote to support this lawsuit. There are messages in support of the President and messages like how taxpayers' money is being spent, empty straw being punched. And I even dare not use hard terms to quote one of them: It's opposition and senatorial dirt, "the Finance Minister said.
"With these expressions, the Nazis frequented Jewish citizens and communists their political opponents. It is a rhetoric of totalitarian, with no respect for man and opinion, "Czernin, Vice-President of TOP 09, wrote to Minister Czernin, who will face First Vice-President Marketa Pekarova Adam in the autumn.
"I quoted one of the many reports I received during the House proceedings. Their common denominator was disgust at the constant personal dehonestration that we are witnessing daily in domestic politics and which was also the main motive of Thursday's House proceedings. The fact that someone refers to himself surprises me, "Schiller responded to the Czech News Agency.
Shops destroyed, fires in the streets, memorial procession accompanied by riots
Five years ago, 43 college students in Ayotzinapa disappeared, despite extensive investigations, the case has not yet been cleared up. The students were reportedly to be detained by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not clear exactly what happened afterwards, but according to the investigation, the students apparently ended up in the hands of a local syndicate and were subsequently killed and burned, reports APTN.
On Thursday, a memorial procession was held in Mexico's capital, with families wanting to express their frustration at the failure to find answers and explain the disappearance of their children.
But the mostly peaceful march was disrupted by smaller groups of vandals, destroying everything in their path. Vandals were destroying shops and hotels, not shrinking or destroying monuments, setting fires around the city and throwing out windows.
Even before the march, President Andres Manuel López Obrador said he would do everything he could to get caught, and asked the public for any information that would lead to clarification of the case.
Over 142 people were detained in the investigation, but neither of them were convicted. Many of them had to be released because their human rights were violated, investigators allegedly had to torture suspects, adds APTN.
Mahulena Bok interrupted the annual detox and again sins!
More than a year ago, Mahulena Bokan confided to Lightning that she had quit alcohol. "During the holidays I thought I'd take a breath of my old dead fifty-year-old body. I gave myself a deadline forever. I feel awfully rested, I have a lot of energy, and my psyche has improved. I haven't been psychologically well lately. I get up better, my head doesn't hurt, I have more energy, money. "
A year's abstinence was said to be enough, and the actress found her way back to alcohol. "Sometimes I have bubbles or fine wine, but I don't drink what I used to. I'll have one drink and have fun till morning. I've got a bottle of wine in the fridge for a week. I also enjoyed soft beer, which I can drink at any time, "said Mahulena, still a couple with Brno businessman Petr.
Bok anová also returned to the theatre season after the holidays and is newly joining the series Ordination in the Rose Garden. "I'm ashamed of the first two shows, I was really bad, I was talking. But it's getting better, "the actress smiles critically.
Jaromír Soukup spoke of Gott: He wishes him mainly peace
Moderator and entrepreneur Jaromír Soukup (50) will not be alarmed by any questions. In his programme Call and Write to the Boss, he makes public comments on various topics. And he's no stranger to tabloids that gloss sparklingly and wittily. Although this time he wasn't laughing.
Jaromír Soukup commented on the sad news, which is a very serious illness of Karl Gotta. He promised the singer one very considerate thing for himself.
"You know, Karl got sick and said it fairly, without the tabloid journalists poking around. I don't want to comment. It's a serious illness. We all appreciate Karl Gotta. And of course I wish him a successful treatment and, above all, peace! The peace he needs now, "said Barrandov.
"I wish the media would let him go. And she waited for the news that the Master himself had decided to give to the media. I don't even like the different expressions his old friends and celebrities feel about his health. And for our media, I can say that his illness and his personality will only be addressed if he expresses his own interest. I think the other media should consider a similar approach. "
Young Czechs think they can do it with money. The survey did not confirm this
"So it turns out that young Czechs have somewhat more confidence in their knowledge of finance than reality. In this case, women and respondents had a significantly higher proportion of bad answers without graduation, "said Director Jaroslava Palendalová.
Men and young high school students or college students are more likely to believe their knowledge of financial products.
Young Czechs learn the most about the functioning of financial affairs from parents (37 percent), online studies (23 percent) and in the third row from teaching at school (21 percent).
In particular, women consult their parents about finance, while men are more likely to seek information on the Internet. Obtaining information on funding from parents prevails in all ages of young people, regardless of their educational attainment or personal income. Prospectuses of financial institutions, professional journals and publications have virtually minimal influence.
"Once again, the importance of raising children is shown by their parents, who represent authority in all major areas of life. Therefore, the level of financial literacy of parents who transfer their knowledge and experience to their offspring is crucial, "said Palendalová.
94 percent of young people prefer saving and investing.
Clearly, young people are asking whether it is better to save and buy, for example, their own house or apartment, or to enjoy and spend money rather, without saving or living.
94 percent of those surveyed are familiar with the strategy of saving and investing in tangible fixed assets. This applies across all ages of young people, regardless of educational attainment, social status or actual personal income.
The survey strategy is then held 100% by people in a marriage with two or more children and public sector employees. Rather, people living alone and with an income of more than CZK 30,000 per month want to enjoy themselves.
Hunter injured in fall from possession, carried to ambulance for three hours
The unfortunate accident occurred before 7:30 p.m. in the peaks near Devil's Mill.
"It was a very complex and inaccessible terrain, so we dispatched five of our rescuers with proper equipment to the wounded man. At the same time, we asked for cooperation of the Moravian-Silesian Region Health Rescue Service. Medics then drove an ambulance car to the accident, "described the circumstances of the intervention by Libor Kluz, the dispatcher of the Mountain Service.
Rescuers found a hunter in a listed location with multiple injuries. They treated him immediately and then gently, but with difficulty transported him on the so-called Austrian cart over unsightly terrain.
"The transport in the route of about one and a half kilometers was slow and difficult. The injured nimrod was therefore surrendered to the crew of the ambulance after approximately three hours, "added Libor Kluz.
According to Radan Jaškovský, the commissioned chief of the Mountain Service Of The Town, and at the same time intervening rescue workers, the hunter's colleague was fortunately able to describe in detail the location of the injured person.
"We found it relatively quickly. However, if he had the Ambulance app on his phone, our rescuers would have been there sooner and at the same time the dispatch line 155 would have known about the accident and its situation immediately, "said Radan Jaškovský.
He added that a charged mobile phone with the activated app Rescue should be commonplace in the mountains today.
Zeman Memorial - The Man Tightening the Constitution Calls for Law Enforcement
Anyone who moves in a camp-divided society and doesn't want to go completely crazy will welcome situations where they don't have to cheer for their own. When he can admit the benefits and who he criticizes otherwise. So that he didn't feel he was oriented only by pre-assigned labels. Such situations include a list of badly damaged monuments, by which President Zeman fences during his favourite trips to the regions.
Everyone knows what's going on. And who travels through the Czech Republic sometimes sees many of the devastated monuments - from the centres of historical cities to individual castles, monasteries, old houses, churches or estates. Everyone suspects they can come to the word demagoguery. That if we blame City Hall for not causing monuments or any terror in the zoning plan, it may be the work of former administrations. Or an object privatized whose owner is not traceable. The Head of State of Local Politics urges: "The section of the Conservation Act allows you to penalize property owners who do not care about their property." But even if the owner is indispensable, it must be admitted that the president calls for law enforcement. Which even critics of his bending of the Constitution should recognize as a plus.
Of course, Miloš Zeman would not be Milos Zeman if he considered all the details and formalities of a complex problem. But he stands for a good cause, much like squatters he doesn't recognize. Two years ago, we wrote: "Despite all the abuse, squatters are pointing out a problem outside the current interest. To the fact that one or the other of the buildings is in a state of emergency. " And let's face it, the president is doing the same thing.
If you come to the historical centre of Jáchymov, you are amazed at how devastated it is - including houses with Renaissance cores. At a time when Jáchymov celebrates 500 years of silver mining and mining dollars (for Americans dollars). Why? They say because of the fast-fermentation of houses in the '90s, officials there say. But how is it that seven kilometers away the Island, the residence of the Shliks who raided the Jáchymov tolars, has its historical core well repaired? It is good if the President points out these things.
Babiš called for security cooperation in memorial of terror victims
Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and his wife Monica visited a memorial to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 Ground Zero on September 27, 2019 in New York City.
Terrorism is the main enemy that should be fought jointly by all the nations of the world. At the end of a five-day visit to the United States, Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš declared this today in the New York Memorial to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. On this occasion, the Prime Minister paid tribute to two victims of Czech origin.
"It is a very touching place," the Prime Minister said as he placed a white rose with the names of Luke Rambousk and Czechoslovak emigrant Alena Sšín, accompanied by his wife Monica. Both were among more than 2,750 deaths claimed by the hijacked aircraft on a former pair of World Trade Center (WTC) skyscrapers. The WTC towers collapsed after the impact, now in their place is a memorial with a list of victims.
"You have to remember what happened here, the horror," Babiš said. The 11 September 2001 attack on the US was described by the Prime Minister as a reason why the UN should cooperate in a united campaign against international terrorism. In addition to destroying the WTC skyscrapers, the terrorists crashed a hijacked plane into the Defense Department building in Washington, D.C., and planned to strike another target in Washington, possibly the White House or Congress. But this plane crashed when the passengers confronted the hijackers.
"This is our main enemy, where all the countries of the world should come together and fight against international terrorism in a coordinated manner," the Czech Prime Minister added.
Slovenians beat Polish world champions and are in the final of ME
Slovenian volleyball players will play for the premier title of European champions. With the support of nearly 12,000 storming fans in Ljubljana, the incumbent two-time world champions Poles beat the Poles 3-1 and are the first finalists.
Who they call on in Sunday's climax in Paris will be decided on Friday between France and Serbia.
The Slovenian team was much more compact in the semi-finals than the Polish world champions. They were just the beginning of the opening set and with luck the end of the second set, but the home volleyball players were overcoming in defense and the players in the red-and-white jersey were basically scoring only the native of Cuba León.
But both Chebulj and Urnaut, as well as the second Universal Štern, soon succeeded Gasparini. The Poles paid for all previous games at this Euro to win sovereignty, while the Slovenians gained confidence after hard battles in the playoffs with both the Bulgarians and the Russians.
With the Poles this August, the Slovenians lost 1:3 in the Olympic qualifier in Gdansk, but returned the defeat at home. But Stojica will leave the sold-out lobby arena. After today, however, they have a certain second medal in history, in Paris they can improve the unexpected silver from ME four years ago.
At the previous European championship Slovenians finished eighth, after the Czech team.
Technology companies want to govern our cities
Francis Fukuyama was somewhat roused by history. In 1992, at the height of the wave of liberalism that followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the Iron Curtain, this political scientist wrote in his most famous book, The End of History and the Last Man: "What we may be witnessing... is the final point of humanity's ideological development and universal acceptance of Western liberal democracy as the ultimate form of governance. "
Twenty-six years later, we are more likely to see illiberal models from the US to Russia, from Turkey to Poland, and from Hungary to Italy succeed in various forms of nationalism and radicalism. The current ninth Fukuyama book Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment attempts to balance these forces. As George Eaton's interview with the New Statesman shows, many of his former opinions reconsider: they argue that ideas of socialism should return to public space, and Marx was right about much. At the same time, he insists that his mental development is still in line with the position of the 1990s, and critics of the End of History and the Last Man are said to have misunderstood.
"What I said back then was that one of the problems of modern democracy is that it provides peace and prosperity, but people want more than that... Liberal democracies do not even try to define what a good life is. It leaves it to individuals who feel alienated, who don't see sense, and that's why they come together into groups of identity that give them a sense of belonging. "
In its day, the book The End of History and the Last Man was written as a strong argument against Marxists, who perceived communism as the final stage of history. When asked about the current perception of the socialist surge in Britain and the US, Fukuyama replies: "This all depends on what you mean by socialism. If we are talking about ownership of the means of production, then, except when clear services to the public are in demand, I don't think that will work. But if you mean redistribution programs that try to resolve the huge imbalances in income and wealth that we are witnessing, yes. I don't just think he could come back, he should come back. The long period that President Reagan and Prime Minister Thatcher started, and in which certain types of ideas about the benefits of an unregulated market came to mind, had a disastrous effect in many respects. "
Finally, Fukuyama is attempting to calm the current situation, warning all liberals that even the emergence of new, not entirely democratic regimes will not mean the end of history.
The soldiers are rehearsing, pull down the curtains. China prepares celebrations at the site of the massacre
The army rehearsed the show over recent weekends. Shops in the center of Beijing had to close, and residents near the square were ordered to pull the curtains. Military vehicles rolled across the empty streets toward the square, warplanes circling the sky.
Several Chinese told Reuters that they were proud of their country's military strength. However, one woman said that it is hard to deny that celebrations will disturb other countries.
Apparently, it was referring to Taiwan, which China claims and where elections are coming up. But they may also be concerned in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, in which thousands of people repeatedly demonstrate against the China-appointed administrator.
Celebrations are also being prepared outside Beijing. South China port Sia-men already performed a special light show on Thursday night. Located across from island Taiwan, Sia-men is one of China's ten most innovative cities.
Before the anniversary, the list of forbidden things is growing. It already has drones, balloons, dragons, alcohol, radios, and radio-wave devices, reports The Guardian. He added that Weibo, a popular Chinese social network, was erasing "harmful political information."
"It is another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Chinese Communist Party remains (by the oar) despite all predictions," said historian Maura Cunningham, who deals with China. "This is a time when the party can demonstrate order, control, and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was formed in 1949 when the Mao Zedong-led Communists won the battle with the Chiang Kayshka Nationalists, who retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960s, China underwent a disastrous communist experiment in the form of the so-called Cultural Revolution. In June 1989, the regime in Celestial Calm Square massacred thousands of pro-democracy protesters from students and workers.
Since the late 1970s, China has increasingly taken over elements of the capitalist economy. Critics say it is now a mixture of the worst of communism (one-party monopoly and opposition persecution) and (Dickensian) capitalism (exploitation of workers).
Czechs or children are not allowed in. ČOI exposes discrimination in restaurants
These included misinformation about prices and non-compliance with the principles of fair selling.
In one case of discrimination, a restaurant in Prague refuses to let smaller children into the business. According to ČOI, the website says the device is not suitable for children under the age of eight. "When asked electronically by the consumer whether it is possible to order a table in the restaurant for four adults and one child aged four, the restaurant employee replied electronically that they do not accept the presence of children up to eight years old in the restaurant," Fröhlich added.
In the second case, another Prague business did not want to let Czech-speaking people at the table, while English-speaking people allowed it. "Czech-speaking inspectors, in the position of consumer, were not allowed in the restaurant to sit at the table and make an order. This has been made possible for English-speaking consumers, "a spokesperson for ČOI described the situation.
Both cases are now dealt with in administrative proceedings. As they were not yet definitively completed, the inspection spokesperson could not provide further information on the said restaurants.
However, discrimination occurred in only a very small proportion of restaurants controlled in the second quarter. In total, ČOI carried out 139 checks. In addition to the two cases, discrimination revealed other misconduct in 64 cases. These were mostly deficiencies in compliance with the principles of fairness of sales and non-information to consumers about prices of products and services in accordance with the rules.
Already on Wednesday, the inspection reported on cases of discrimination against foreigners in two Prague restaurants, Clock Caffé and Café Restaurant. In both establishments, foreigners were charged higher amounts than Czech-speaking clients. In these cases, the final fines have already been CZK 60,000.
A vacation with just a credit card? NEO account offers free withdrawals from ATMs worldwide!
According to surveys, roughly half of all Czechs who go abroad have become accustomed to paying directly by card. The main reasons include in particular comfort, security, as well as the possibility to use travel insurance, which is often associated with a credit card.
Travelers in almost every corner of the world can appreciate the convenience of paying by card. This is particularly true in popular tourist destinations, but today credit cards are accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, for work, don't have time to go to the exchange offices repeatedly to exchange cash. Nor do "holidaymakers" want to rely on cash to make ends meet. Moreover, some foreign currencies do not even have Czech banks or exchange offices. The NEO account has therefore been solved so that its users can withdraw cash free of charge from all ATMs wherever they are, "says Kateřina Petko, Director of Marketing and Communication and spokesperson for Expobank CZ.
Moreover, a credit card is a much more reliable way to avoid losing your money than cash. With the loss of a full wallet, its owner may not wait for the money he carried in it. However, if it loses only its credit card, it can easily be blocked immediately by phone or internet banking. Thus, in quick action, it does not have to suffer any financial loss at all. "Keeping money in a bank account has other advantages besides its reliable protection. For example, the NEO account is 1.6% per year, which is among the highest among current and savings accounts. Its establishment and administration takes place completely online without the need to visit the branch. In addition, the money in the bank account is insured up to EUR 100 000 and the account is completely free of charge, "adds Kateřina Petko.
For anyone who is going abroad, travel insurance should be a matter of course. Thanks to the possibility to arrange it and pay with an online card can be done even at the last minute. However, only the very ownership of a credit card often means insurance protection when travelling. "For example, for embossed MasterCard Gold and MasterCard Business, travel insurance is an integral part of foreign travel to all countries of the world. Holders of these cards can also insure their family with whom they travel. They often lose any other arrangements, "adds Kateřina Petko from Expobank CZ. However, it is always appropriate to verify the scope of the insurance, i.e. whether it covers all the activities that travellers plan to undertake.
We're looking for motivated immigrants. Children's clinic senior builds international team of doctors, we bring their stories
Albanian Ledjona Toni studied medicine in Czech and today few people will know that she is a foreigner.
Hundreds of medics from abroad are studying in the Czech Republic who could stay and work here. A pediatric clinic in Motola, Prague, tried to acquire some of them.
For Tara Hussein Tayeb to arrive at the Motol hospital in Prague around 5:00 in the afternoon, she had to get up a lot. A Kurdish woman with a short haircut flew to the Czech Republic from Sulejmania, a city in the northeast of Iraq, where she works as a pediatrician in a hospital and treats small patients in private practice in the afternoon. Besides, he teaches at the university.
Spilkova in the park. Indianapolis is on the line after the first round
After the first round of the Tech Championship in Indianapolis, golfer Klara Spilková is on the edge of reaching the final rounds. On Thursday, she played two birdies, two bogeys and finished the opening day in steam. With a result of 72 is in divided 69th place, which is the presumed cut.
The 24-year-old Spilkova returned to the circuit after a two-month medical break a month ago and did not make it to the second half of the tournament in Portland. She allowed herself to rest because of her fatigue and exhaustion after her transient illness.
The first Czech winner of a professional tournament at the European LET Series is a first-year member of the LPGA Tour and is not doing very well. Out of twelve tournaments, she has passed the cut three times, preferably 32nd in Hawaii. He's fighting to keep his card for another season.
The Indianapolis tournament was played best by Korean Hor Mi-chung. After the first round he has a score of -9 and a two-shot lead in front of a trio of opponents.
Prague Stock Exchange grew slightly, Czech banks, O2 and Avastu flourished
The Prague Stock Exchange closed the trading week with moderate growth. The PX index rose 0.13 percent to 1038.45 points. He was dragged up by Czech banks, telecommunications company O2 or technology company Avast. On the contrary, Austrian titles and media company CME failed. This results from the results of trading on the stock exchange website.
For most of Friday's session, the Prague Stock Exchange traded in slightly positive territory and ended with a small profit. "However, in the whole week (PX index) lost slightly over 1 percent," said Josef Dudek of Fio banka.
Domestic banks have partially corrected the declines of the past few days. Komerční banka improved by 0.82 percent to CZK 803 and Moneta Money Bank by 0.41 percent to CZK 72.80. The shares of Avast were valued at 0.89 per cent to CZK 113 and the operator O2 added 0.46 per cent to CZK 216.50.
Kofola's securities grew by 1.38 percent to CZK 294. The tobacco company Philip Morris, whose shares have risen to CZK 13,640, received less than a percentage.
The securities of the energy firm ČEZ stagnated at a Thursday value of CZK 520.
The losses were three titles - Erste Bank wrote down 0.87 per cent to CZK 779.20, CME 0.73 per cent to CZK 109 and VIG insurer 0.40 per cent to CZK 618.
The koruna weakened slightly against both of the world's major currencies. The euro lost four pennies to 25.85 CZK/EUR, the dollar lost three pennies to 23.62 CZK/USD. This is apparent from the data on the Site.
My heart is like a bell and my lungs are non-smoking. Just have a few infusions, Zeman joked
The Head of State underwent several hours of medical examination at the Central Military Hospital (ÚVN) on Tuesday. According to hospital director Miroslav Zavoral, the doctors did not find any "diseases" in the president. The president will celebrate his 75th birthday on Saturday.
Doctors at the president's office showed mild signs of dehydration. His problems with low pressure were caused by insufficient sedation. "To fix the dehydration of the organism, I'm going to have a few infusions that put minerals in my body," Zeman said.
Otherwise, according to him, the director of the ÚVN stated that "the Czech state has a healthy president." In this context, the President mentioned that Zavoral had received several hateful messages due to a medical examination.
According to the President, the doctors examined him thoroughly, leaving no room on his body. "So a brief recap: the heart beats like a bell, the lungs are clean, like it's not a smoker, the liver works like I'm abstinent, the kidneys are fine, too, and I can go on and on," Zeman said.
The iDNES.cz editorial desk approached the military hospital to comment on Zeman's health statement.
Zeman's health became a topic especially at the time of last year's presidential election or during some public appearances in which Zeman has obvious walking problems. According to Prague Castle, the President has a bad attitude due to diabetic polyfunctional neuropathy. He also has problems with low pressure and worse hearing. He cut back on smoking because of his health.
Scientists are looking for toddlers with a birth defect called ankle valgosity.
Valgosity of the ankles is a congenital defect affecting five to ten percent of children. By default, it is treated with intense exercise. To further help these children, scientists have developed special footwear to significantly speed up treatment.
"We have two prototypes of shoes that will be worn by healthy children and diagnosed children to map the effect in both groups. Participation in the research will not have any risks for children and the measurement will be completely painless, "explains Marta Gimunová, Head of Research at MU Faculty of Sports Studies.
Parents of both groups of children can report to the study via the website, where a registration form and all information are available.
Scientists are looking for 50 children diagnosed and 50 children healthy. Of each group, half will always wear medical footwear and half will not.
"The moment when parents should enroll their child is when they embark on their first separate steps, typically letting go, for example, of the furniture they hold while trying to walk. Participation in the research involves three measurements within seven months of the first steps of the child, each taking about 20 minutes, half of the participants also include wearing tested footwear, "Gimunová points out.
A pike in a pond, or a relatively affluent museum?
Babiš chose statistics such as good security (seventh in the world in the Czech Republic), low unemployment rate, low national debt because of his optimistic view. Or an indication that, according to a recent study, our country ranks 24th in quality of life in the 140 rated countries.
Developer Dušan Kunovský and architect Josef Pleskot, in a TV interview on the occasion of the Summit of Architecture and Development, reported other, not so much "pink" data. For example, the Czech Republic ranks 154th in the world in the speed of construction proceedings. This may mean that the current economic "boom" will leave behind no significant building heritage as it did in the past.
The biggest obstacle is not only the existing legislation, but also the slow, inefficient bureaucracy. This is also documented by comparative studies in which the Czech Republic lags significantly behind developed countries in the overall quality and performance of public administration.
Our country has simply not yet been able to make good use of the potential of a good economic situation in recent years to invest in the future. While it is nice that salaries and pensions are rising, people with better living standards will also want to have a place to live, to travel modern and fast, to have quality cultural stalls, to live without intolerable environmental burdens.
But for example, in the capital city of Prague, the inner and outer circuits have been failing for years or to build a speedway or subway to the airport. And Prague does not even have a modern, architecturally bold national library, concert hall or national gallery. The reason for this is not only absurd wrangling over architectural competitions, zoning plans and building permits, but also a specific Czech conservativism that adheres to the slogan "any bolder change is for the worse."
And when it seems that something more courageous could be done, it will almost certainly be thwarted by memorials or other somewhat cowed societies or politicians. In the absurd drama surrounding Jan Kaplický's "bluff" designed for the new building of the National Library, President Václav Klaus even wanted to tie himself to the dredgers.
The list does not end in Prague. The Czech Republic is not able to complete its backbone motorway network, nor to start building train speedways, so Germany finally decided to run its trains for super-fast trains from Berlin to Vienna "by detour" through Bavaria. Moreover, there are many times in the schlendrian that repairs of existing infrastructure are heating up. Getting from Prague to Brno quickly is now a puzzle.
Babiš came into politics promising to "make things happen." But not much has happened so far in terms of meaningful investment and acceleration of cumbersome bureaucratic procedures. While an amendment to the Act on Accelerating the Construction of Transport Infrastructure has been in force since 2018, we will have to wait for more extensive favourable impacts such as easier expropriation of land. And the new building law, passed by the government, which is said to shorten the current average length of construction proceedings from 5.4 years to one year, will, if we are lucky, start to apply from 2021. A lot of people wouldn't bet on it.
Uncovered wants the state 45 million
According to Vladimír Rapka, the Ministry of Justice has received six requests so far and is now analysing them. The young man had been in prison for two years for assaulting the woman, but the judiciary finally exonerated him.
The appeal in the case was not lodged by the Attorney General Pavel Zeman and the Minister of Justice Marie Benešová.
The attempted murder of a hairdresser in Hořice happened in February 2013. The Hradec State Prosecutor's Office indicted the then 20-year-old student of the Non-Combed Grammar School. The prosecution alleged that he hit the woman several times on the head with a log and then took over ten thousand crowns. Her son found the seriously injured woman, her life saved by the doctors of the castle hospital.
From the beginning, the combed rejected any blame. "I'm innocent, and I swear to that. I am sincerely sorry for the damage, but I am not the perpetrator, "the young man who did not deny that the day was fatal in the hairdresser's office said earlier in court. He said he wanted to get a haircut. But he left after his wife told him he was closing. He turned himself in as a witness to the police.
The hairdresser did not recognize him as the aggressor during the interrogation, but later described the Combine as the attacker. According to forensics, she suffered from memory lapses after the attack.
The Hradec Regional Court gradually handed down five sentences in the case. First, he pleaded not guilty twice and imposed 16 years in prison, while the Court of Appeal reduced his sentence to 13 years. The combed one gradually headed behind bars twice, but each time he got free after the Supreme Court's intervention. After the ordered exchange of the Judiciary Chamber, repeatedly exonerating judgments were finally reached, the last one this March confirmed by the High Court.
However, the President of the Board of Appeal, Jiří Lněička, also stated in the justification of his conclusions that this decision was wrong, but that he did not have a better option due to the procedural situation. He said he rejected the prosecutor's appeal against the acquittal verdict, even though her appeals were justified.
"The problem with this is not that there is a lack of evidence, but their evaluation. We believe that sufficient evidence has been collected in the preparatory proceedings, which would be amply sufficient in another criminal case for the recognition of guilt, "said Linka.
But the Hradec and Supreme Court looked at the case differently, and their opinion would probably not change another annulment of the liberation judgment.
Epilepsy complicated his love of sport, thanks to surgery he has a new hope
For the first time, John's parents noticed something wrong with him in a year and a half. He always stared into space for a few minutes, still and unresponsive. So the pediatrician sent him to the children's neurological clinic, where doctors diagnosed him with epilepsy after a series of examinations and immediately put him on medication, which did not work immediately.
It took almost a year for doctors to find the ideal combination of medications to stop him having seizures. At the age of five, doctors discontinued his medication, and since the seizures had not returned, his parents felt that Honza was healthy and began to lead him more toward sports. He cycled, skied, played tennis and floorball, spent his free time playing games with his sister and friends. But at age 11, he had another seizure, and it all started again.
The doctors tried various drug combinations again, but this time nothing worked, the seizures of absences kept repeating themselves. Since Honza had always lost consciousness during a seizure, his parents were terrified that he would get him in sports and get hurt. Gradually, Honza stopped cycling and traded downhill skis for cross-country skis and snowboards. Although sport occasionally caused him to have a seizure, he never gave it up entirely. He even had a dream come true and ran the Spartan Race, along with a friend who kept an eye on him to help in an emergency.
When Honzo was 15 years old, his parents decided to try to change doctors and contacted experts at the FN in Motola. After a series of examinations, doctors there determined that Honza was a candidate for surgery to remove a bearing from his brain - a source of epileptic seizures. "I had to have two surgeries in a row, first the doctors put probes into my brain to scan it, then they could remove my bearing. It's been a hell of a week for me. All I had to do was lie and barely move, the wires stuck out of my head and connected to the computer, "Honza recalls.
The surgery succeeded and the doctors removed the relatively large bearing. "The first days after the surgery, it was very mentally challenging, and John was apathetic, confused, sad, and barely speaking. In contrast to the way he is normally alive and communicative, this was a terrifying change, but fortunately after a few days everything returned to normal, "says Mother, adding:" A month and a half after the surgery he had a 1 seizure, but according to doctors it happens. He's been seizure-free for 3 months. "
In this school year, Honza will graduate, besides sports, he enjoys languages and started working with the Company E, with which he rides schools for discussions about epilepsy. So far, Honza is not fully engaged in sports activities, it is beginning to slowly return to sport. "I'm learning how to play sports properly, how to breathe well so that I don't put my body under sudden stress, which is quite a nut with my competitive nature," explains Honza.
This year, therefore, he will not actively participate in the traditional EPPI Water Triathlon, which meets patients with epilepsy and healthy athletes and which is already taking place this weekend on 28 September 2019 in Veselská Sandbox. But next year, perhaps.
XXX Lutz can buy competitor Kika, the authority has authorized. But it has a catch
"The Competition Authority has authorised, on condition that the structural commitments set out in favour of maintaining effective competition, a concentration of competitors - XLCEE-Holding GmbH, on the one hand, and Kika Furniture and Lambda Properties Czechia, on the other," said Martin Švanda, a spokesman for the FTC.
XLCEE- Holding in addition to the XXX Lutz chain owns Möbelix stores. If it absorbed the Kika chain, it would occupy too much of the Czech furniture and accessories market. They must therefore divest part of the purchased company.
XLCEE-Holding also buys Kika branches in other countries where the chain operates, i.e. Hungary, Slovakia and Romania. Even there, antitrust authorities must authorize the transaction. The purchase of 22 foreign branches of the Kika chain from the Signa holding company was announced by XXX Lutz in May. Signa took over the failing Kiku last year at a symbolic price.
The Kika chain entered the Czech market in 2005 and is number two after the Swedish company IKEA. Before Signa, an Austrian company, belonged to the South African firm Steinhoff International Holdings in 2013. She faced problems when she revealed discrepancies in her accounting. Kika has nine stores in the Czech Republic.
XXX Lutz has been active in the Czech Republic since 2010. In addition to IKEA, Sconto, Jysk and Asko-Furniture, Kika is one of the largest furniture retailers on the domestic market. The same owner is Möbelix. After taking over Kika's foreign branches, XXX Lutz will operate more than 300 stores in 12 countries. According to the company's website, its annual turnover is EUR 4.4 billion (about CZK 114 billion).
The library commemorates the anniversary of the death of Václav IV. manuscript exhibition
Six rare historical manuscripts from the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries, from Roman and Czech kings Wenceslas IV, can be viewed today and Saturday by people in Klementine, Prague. The National Library released them from its vaults to mark this year's 600th anniversary of Vaclav's death. This morning, librarians and restorers placed rare originals in cases in the Mirror Chapel. Admission to the exhibition is free, open for both days from 10:00 to 18:00.
Exhibition of documents entitled Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the royal office and library Wenceslas IV. prepared the library along with the National Archives. Written succession from the reign of Wenceslas IV. The National Archives looks from the point of view of official documents and the National Library from the point of view of literary works, said Jan Vojtíšek.
"Visitors can look forward, for example, to the work on agriculture of Petra de Crescentiis, which is essentially a kind of encyclopedia of agriculture, or to the breviary, the prayer book of one of the Benedictines of St. George's Monastery at Prague Castle, from the early 15th century," he said of the reasons why people should go to the
The Epistles of Peter of Blois will also be displayed, where the semi-official of King Henry II of England is depicted in the opening miniature of H (enrico). The author of the decoration is most likely Master of Samson's history, who alongside two volumes of the Bible Wenceslas IV. he also contributed to the decoration of a number of other manuscripts. Visitors will also see the Latin chorus of John Wycliff's tracts from about 1411 to 1414.
From the Václav IV library. not a single book has been preserved in Czech territory. According to experts, this library was one of the most extensive and beautiful book collections in Central Europe at the time, because the young king wanted to build a representative library to match the book collections of his French relatives. However, the library disappeared soon after Václav's death. Apparently it was stolen or destroyed in the conquest of the Hussite Castle. But several codes were saved. Most of them today are owned by the Austrian National Library.
"We have many treasures in our collections and I am glad that they are in a state that allows them to be displayed and made available to the public live and not only in the form of the digital library Manuscriptorium," said Martin Kocanda, director of the National Library.
On the day of Saturday's national holiday, an exhibition entitled What Lies Beneath the Floor, which represents archaeological discoveries, will be opened in Klementino for free.
Kristína Pliskova did not make it to the final, second title is missing
The plush environment in Tashkent testified, in 2016 it won its first tournament on the WTA circuit and this year it was very sovereign.
After wins with Paolini, Kawa and Kužmova, she fought her way through the top four players.
But the match with Alison Van Uytvanck was not going well for Christine. The Belgian woman kept her serve and broke the service of Pliskova twice in the first set. In the second set Van Uytvanck soon went into the lead 3:0 and the reversal did not succeed Christine, even though she managed to change one of the glasses. In the last she turned away one swordfish, but in the second came the end.
Petra Černocká changed her image and did well! She grew younger in her blond hair
The film Saxana Petra Černocká (69) looks absolutely fantastic for her age. Even if she celebrates the anniversary of her life in November, she never looked like a pensioner. And now she's helped. She changed her image until her colleagues recognized her.
Actress Petra Černocká never looked like a typical grandmother, who had her hair woven in gray color, wore sedentary things and went out sporadic. She's always taken care of herself, and the older she gets, the more she gets to look at her image.
Fortunately, she did not succumb to the trend of plastic surgery and cares for her skin with the help of a good old indulon. And her wrinkle recipe is paying off. But now she changed the color of her hair and saw through it.
When she came to a social event where celebrities partied for the summer, no one could meet Petra. Not only did her hair get lighter and shorter, but she was still dressed in a yellow jacket that made her look even brighter.
Ladies should learn from Saxana how not to underestimate that even at the threshold of the seventies they can risk looking. And it paid off for Petra, she looks 50 at the most.
Traveler Zikmund or General Bokek. Senate handed out commemorative medals
The sixty-six-year-old Bokek, who was a British Air Force fighter during World War II, thanked them on behalf of all those awarded medals. "The Senate was one of the first to forget and not forget war veterans," he said. "The award I received today also belongs to my friends who are no longer among us," he added.
Kubera, in his speech, warned against dividing society. "Let us not forget our roots, which, whether we want to or not, unite and shape us all. It is from these values that our successful present is based, "Kubera said.
The awards were cardiologist and most cited Czech scientist Renata Cífková, longtime rector of Tomáš Bati University in Zlín Petr Sasha, geologist, writer and traveler and populariser of science Václav Mustek, President of the Czech Biathlon Union and Vice President of the World Biathlon The Upper House appreciated his heroism - this January he saved the life of his neighbor and his two-year-old granddaughter by pulling them from a burning car. Former presidents of the upper house Libuše Benešová and Milan Štš also received medals.
Zikmund and Jiří Hanzelka undertook a series of travel trips around the world, during which they gathered a number of documentary material. Fištejn was a commentator and director of Radio Free Europe, now works with the public media. Steigerwald also serves as a playwright and screenwriter, musician Kocáb was the head of the parliamentary committee for overseeing the displacement of Soviet troops.
The medal was given in advance to the astronomer and emeritus head of the United Nations Office for Space Affairs, Luboš Perek, on the occasion of his 100th birthday in July. Czech native and First Minister of State Madeleine Albright and British philosopher and political scientist Roger Scruton, who among other things participated in the activities of the so-called underground university during the communist regime in former Czechoslovakia, are due to receive the same award by the end of the year.
The app will help equip workshops. After points obtained by movement
Equip the wood workshop of the hourly Integrated School with new hand tools. Everyone who downloads the EPP Help with Movement app to their mobile phones can now do so.
"With your movement you collect points, which you add to the account of our project. You don't have to be a racehorse or a cyclist, points are loaded even if you go out walking a dog or shopping, you go for a walk or walk to work, "said Eva Schmidová, director of the hourlong school. The project came among the most interesting of the huge number of other applications for the CEZ Foundation. The application will only be active for one month.
