Three people killed in UN helicopter crash in CAR
Three people were killed and another injured in the crash of a Senegalese Armed Forces helicopter carrying out an operation led by a UN peacekeeping mission in the city of Bouar in western CAR.
DakarActu reported this on Friday, citing the Senegalese army.
The head of the mission, Mankeur Ndiaye, confirmed the information about the crash, noting that the helicopter crash occurred at the moment of landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter was returning from an operation to combat armed groups.
The Senegalese army said it was in contact with the UN on the issue of the evacuation of the victim and the bodies of the dead.
The coordinator of Navalny's Arkhangelsk headquarters was sentenced to community service
In the Oktyabrsky District Court of Arkhangelsk, the sentence of the coordinator of the regional headquarters of Alexei Navalny, Andrei Borovikov, was announced.
For repeated violations of the rules for holding rallies (Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation, the so-called Dadin article), the court assigned him 400 hours of mandatory work, Kommersant correspondent reports from the courtroom.
The case was initiated in April of this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a waste landfill site in Arkhangelsk Oblast.
The activist Ildar Dadin was the first to be sentenced to three years imprisonment under Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation in 2015.
On the eve of the announcement of the verdict, on September 26, the court held a debate between the parties.
The prosecution insisted on forced labour for a period of three years.
In relation to me, a measure of suppression in the form of restriction of freedom was chosen, which consists in the fact that I cannot attend public mass events and cannot communicate with the organizers of the protest action on April 7.
"All the while, I wore an electronic bracelet and a base.
This is how my whereabouts were monitored.
I would like to note that I was not restricted in my movements.
Recently, he flew from Moscow, where he was studying”, Andrei Borovikov said.
After the announcement of the sentence, the coordinator of Navalny's regional headquarters announced that he would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26, Sergei Shargunov, a deputy from the CPRF faction, introduced a bill to the State Duma mitigating Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
Representatives of the CPRF, LDPR and the SR informed Kommersant of their intention to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: “Everyone at Rubin needs to think about the reasons for the bad matches”.
Rubin midfielder Pavel Mogilevets spoke about the reasons for the team's poor performance.
The Kazan team in the Russian championship suffered four defeats in a row, and also got knocked out of the Cup.
We tune into every game, Izvestia quotes Mogilevets as saying.
Therefore, each of us should think about the reasons for such poor matches.
There are more meetings ahead - we need to prepare for them and correct the situation.
How?
If we had known, we probably would have already corrected it.
But first of all, I think we need to add martial arts as a component.
In my opinion, we have problems with this.
Kremlin supports ban on smoking on balconies of residential buildings
The Kremlin supports any measures that will save people's lives, said presidential press secretary Dmitry Peskov, commenting on the ban on smoking on balconies and loggias of apartments.
Earlier, the Cabinet of Ministers approved amendments to the Rules of Fire Regime, according to which it is prohibited to use open fire on balconies and rooms of residential buildings.
Later, the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia reported that the issue was, among other things, the ban on smoking on balconies and loggias of apartments and hotels.
The changes will take effect on October 1, 2019.
Administrative liability is provided for the violation.
The Kremlin is positive about any decisions that help save human lives.
"We know how many fires occur, many of them have very tragic consequences and public resonance.
Therefore, any life saved justifies such decisions", Peskov reported.
First and foremost, the spokesperson assesses this as a fire-fighting measure, not a way to protect neighbours from tobacco smoke.
Peskov also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome smoking and is an advocate of a healthy lifestyle.
Gattuso is looking for a job at one of the Russian clubs
Italian football coach Gennaro Gattuso has arrived in Russia in search of a new club.
According to "Championship", the 41-year-old specialist flew to Moscow to study the possibility of finding a job in some Russian club.
Gattuso's previous job was at AC Milan, which he led from 2017 to 2018, and which under his leadership took fifth place in the Italian Serie A standings and failed to reach the Champions League.
As a coach, he also worked at Swiss Sion, Greek OFI, as well as Italian Palermo and Pisa.
Earlier, it was reported that Pavel Mamayev's negotiations with Dinamo were in danger of collapse.
Ex-Milan coach arrives in Moscow to head Russian club
Former Italy international and ex-Milan head coach Gennaro Gattuso flew to Moscow to head the Russian club.
Gattuso is the 2006 world champion with the Italian national team.
At club level, he was known for his performances for AC Milan, with whom he won the UEFA Champions League twice in 2003 and 2007.
The Italian started his coaching career in Sion.
Over the past two seasons, Gennaro has led the Rossoneri.
Earlier, it was reported that the footballer of the capital’s CSKA, Konstantin Kuchaev, spoke out against the introduction of VAR.
Secretary of the National Security Council of Ukraine resigned
Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine Aleksandr Danylyuk wrote a resignation letter, reports the office of the country's president.
This was done before the start of Vladimir Zelensky's working visit to the United States to participate in the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
"The president will consider it upon his return to Kiev," Mr. Zelensky's office said.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree appointing the former Minister of Finance, Aleksandr Daniliuk, as Secretary of the National Security Council at the end of May.
In this post, Mr. Daniliuk was replaced by Aleksandr Turchinov, who resigned due to the change of the president.
Palkina is ninth in World Cup qualification.
Russian Sofia Palkina took ninth place in the qualifying hammer throw in Group A at the World Championships in Doha.
Its result is 68.53 meters.
In the final, four athletes will perform, having overcome the 72-meter line.
They are Polish Joanna Fedorov (73.39 m), Ukrainian Irina Klimets (72.93), Frenchwoman Alexandra Tavernier (72.91) and Belarusian Anna Malyshik (72.59 m).
The 12 best athletes from the two groups will compete in the final.
Palkina's participation in the fight for the medals will become known after the performance of the athletes from Group B.
Kvyat's car went out of action during the first practice in Sochi
Russian Toro Rosso driver Daniil Kvyat had to complete his first free practice of the Russian Formula 1 Grand Prix ahead of schedule.
The Russian’s car lost power and the rider was unable to reach the boxes.
Kvyat parked his car in one of the security zones.
Prior to crashing out of the race, the Toro Rosso driver was in fifth position.
It is expected that the second free practice will take place today, September 27, at 15:00 Moscow time at Sochi Avtodrom.
Earlier, it was reported that Kvyat shared expectations from the Sochi Grand Prix.
China strongly opposes U.S. adoption of "Taipei bill"
China strongly opposes the adoption of the so-called "Taipei bill" by the U.S., which seriously violates the principle of one China and the principles of three Sino-American joint communiques.
This was stated on Friday by the official representative of the Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China for Taiwan Affairs, Ma Xiaoguang.
The approval by the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee of this bill is also a serious violation of international law and the basic principles of international relations and a gross interference in the internal affairs of China, noted Ma Xiaoguang.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues relate to China's internal affairs.
"We call on the American side to clarify the situation, immediately stop promoting the relevant negative bills, and immediately stop interfering in the Taiwan issue in order to avoid further damage to Sino-American relations, as well as peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," he noted.
China must and will be reunited.
This historical trend cannot be stopped by anyone or any forces, stressed Ma Xiaoguang.
TikTok hides inappropriate videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of whom are under the age of 18
Imagine China / Reuters
Chinese social network TikTok censors videos that mention Tiananmen Square, Tibetan independence or the banned religious group Falun Gong, The Guardian says.
Documents obtained from the publication reveal that the owner of TikTok (ByteDance company) is using the app to promote the goals of China's foreign policy abroad.
The bulk of violations related to China's policy fall under "hate speech."
In each case, TikTok puts undesirable publications in a context appropriate to the general rules, so that the actions of the social network do not appear censored.
For example, the ban on criticism of China's socialist system falls under the general ban "criticism or attacks on the policies and social rules of any country, such as the constitutional monarchy, the parliamentary system, etc."
The ban on mentioning incidents in Tiananmen Square or genocide in Cambodia falls under the "distortion of the history of China or other countries."
The document also lists the banned names of twenty "foreign leaders or statesmen," including North Korean leaders Kim Jong-il, Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-un, Indian politician Mahatma Gandhi, American Presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Geun-hee, Indonesian President Joko Widodo, and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, according to the document.
Prohibited material falls into two categories, the document says.
Publications from the first category are deleted by the administrators of the social network and may result in the blocking of the user.
Not too strict violations fall into the second category: such publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited to TikTok algorithms.
Representatives for ByteDance told The Guardian that the rules are outdated and no longer apply: "We are now using a localized approach to moderation, as well as bringing in independent local experts."
Russian TikTok users have no specific restrictions on publications, says Rustem Bogdanov, co-founder of the Producers Centre.
The Producers Centre is one of the Russian media companies that officially cooperates with TikTok.
All advertising materials of bloggers "Producer Center" coordinates with representatives of the social network, but user materials can be placed without approval, reports Bogdanov.
Asked whether TikTok can speak about politics or Putin, Bogdanov replies affirmatively and says he has seen similar publications.
The founder of the agency Our Didgital, Roman Zaripov, agrees with Bogdanov: “The basic rules for TikTok users are listed in the user agreement: you can’t post shocking content that discriminates against statements, and so on”.
But any content that moderators do not like can be summed up under these rules, Zaripov notes.
Zaripov Agency is another Russian partner of TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of whom are under the age of 18.
According to the user agreement, only persons over 13 years of age can use TikTok.
Administrators of the social network check their age using artificial intelligence: the neuronet analyzes faces and determines how old a person looks, says Bogdanov.
If the neural network decides that the user is younger, their account can be deleted, he adds.
According to RBC, in September 2019 ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of WeWork coworking.
residents of Istanbul spoke about the earthquake in the city
Strong earthquake sparks panic in Turkey's largest city
Last Thursday, September 26, an earthquake with a magnitude of 5.9 occurred in Istanbul.
34 people were injured, ten of them are still in hospitals.
Istanbul resident Melike admitted that she suffered a panic attack for the first time in her life.
"I cried so much.
I was crying right at the workplace.
Later it got easier, I went back to business.
But I'm so ashamed right now!" the girl told the 360 television channel.
"There was a real strong earthquake in Istanbul
I can't go back until now!
But on the whole, I am fine," political scientist Ceylan Ozgul shared his impressions.
Project Manager Selin noted that the mayor of the city keeps all residents informed, but, according to her, the citizens still feel small aftershocks with a magnitude of approximately 3.2 or 3.5.
She also drew attention to the communication problem immediately after the earthquake.
The girl reported that she could not reach her mother, but the internet worked "excellently" and she was able to send a message via WhatsApp.
As the website kp.ru wrote, after the earthquake, all kindergartens and schools from which all students were evacuated were closed.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of powerful aftershocks was recorded 68 kilometers west of Istanbul, in the Marmara Sea.
Matthews met with Toronto management.
Toronto forward Auston Matthews held a meeting with the club's management.
It discussed a case in which Matthews is accused of hooliganism.
Everything went well, says the TSN player.
Of course, I made a mistake.
And I take full responsibility for the actions that have been committed.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And the club and I were discussing how to act in the current situation.
I believe that nothing has deteriorated in our relations.
Roszdravnadzor reported on the results of a check on the amputation of a child's hand
A child in the Rostov region had his arm amputated because of a doctors error, reports Vzglyad with reference to the website of the territorial body of Roszdravnadzor.
An 11-year-old boy broke his arm, after which a plaster cast was applied to him at the hospital in Zernogradsky district.
After some time, the child developed gangrene and was amputated.
As a result of the inspection, it turned out that violations were committed in the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis, as well as in the standard and scope of assistance rendered.
The inspection materials were handed over to the Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation for the region.
Earlier, URA.RU reported that the head doctor of the Yuzhnouralsk city hospital was arrested.
Russians warned about fake calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from fraudsters who substitute the bank's phone number has increased.
Kommersant reports this with reference to Central Bank data.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator gave telecom operators information about more than 2,500 numbers from which to call clients of various financial organizations.
In 189 cases, operators found a number change.
Another 218 numbers were blocked, and in 59 cases a restriction on the use of financial services was imposed.
Deputy Head of the Information Security Department of the Central Bank, Artyom Sychev, said that a wide range of Russian banks faced a number change.
He explained that operators do not always respond to the Central Bank's warnings about fraudulent calls, citing the absence of such a duty in the law "On Communications".
Otkritie Bank, Rosbank and Alfa Bank confirmed information about an increase in the number of fraudulent calls with a number change.
As Beeline's press service reported, some of the information about fraudulent calls that the Central Bank transmitted was incorrect: the lists included numbers that are actually used by banks to communicate with customers.
Blocking them would cause disruption to the organisation.
Artyom Sychev said that the Central Bank plans to create a database of fraudulent numbers, to which the telecom operator will contact each call to verify the number.
He explained that in order to create such a base, it would be necessary to amend the legislation.
US-China trade talks to resume on October 10 in Washington
A new round of trade talks between the United States and China will take place in Washington on October 10, CNBC reports.
According to his sources, the Chinese delegation will be headed by Vice Premier of the State Council of China Liu He.
It should be noted that the last round of trade negotiations between the United States and China took place in Shanghai at the end of July, however, the parties were never able to make progress.
The new reciprocal tariffs of the United States and China came into force on September 1.
Earlier, US President Donald Trump said Washington and Beijing could reach a trade deal earlier than expected.
The State Duma will check for violations of the law "Voice of America", "Meduza" and "BBC"
The State Duma commission investigating foreign interference in Russia's internal affairs will conduct checks on certain media outlets for violations of Russian law.
Interfax reports this with reference to the head of the commission, Vasily Piskarev.
Medusa, MBH Media, Voice of America, Present Time, Radio Liberty and the BBC Russian Service came into the Commission's sights.
Previously, planned inspections of Google and Facebook services were reported.
Piskarev also stated that he would ask the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to decide on further accreditation of Germany's Deutsche Welle, in whose publications the commission found signs of justifying extremism.
In September, Roskomnadzor revealed political ads on Google, Facebook and Youtube services.
According to the agency, this occurred during the Russian elections on September 8.
The facts of the violations were forwarded to the State Duma commission.
Google later said the company supports responsible political advertising.
According to employees, it is obliged to comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook noted that advertisers, not the platform, should bear responsibility for complying with Russia's electoral laws.
The head of Roskomnadzor, Aleksandr Zharov, accused companies of applying double standards when placing political advertisements.
Stoltenberg discusses Ukraine's accession to NATO with Zelensky
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky discussed Ukraine's membership in the alliance on the sidelines of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The Secretary General spoke about this during a speech at Columbia University in New York.
Asked if the relevant topic was raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg stated that they did indeed discuss the issue, and also stressed that in his response he did not specify the timeframe for Ukraine's entry into NATO.
According to him, any country that would like to join the North Atlantic Alliance is obliged to meet certain conditions in order to meet specific standards, RT writes.
In Crimea, Zelensky was offered an alternative to a course in NATO
The President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelensky, should instead focus on establishing good neighborly relations with Russia.
The co-chairman of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets reported this on Friday, September 27.
"The president of Ukraine does not need to repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but should heed the advice of [US President] Donald Trump, which he listened to with a sour face, and establish relations with the president of Russia," Chegrinets told reporters at RIA Novosti.
Chegrinets noted that Zelensky is a good actor for him, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will only succeed in staying in power if relations with the Russian Federation are established.
Earlier on September 27, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg reported that he had a conversation with Zelensky on the topic of the country's accession to the alliance.
According to him, Ukraine is obliged to fulfill certain conditions for this.
On June 5, the deputy is pleased Evgeny Balitsky said that Ukraine's possible accession to the alliance does not guarantee improvement of life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
Barcelona blackmail Neymar
Spain's Barcelona and its former Brazilian footballer Neymar are trying to settle a financial dispute that arose after the striker's move to France's Paris Saint-Germain.
The case almost went to trial, but the Catalans suggested that the player resolve the dispute without the intervention of Themis.
Otherwise, they refuse him a return.
Neymar and his cunning father, who is also the Brazilian's agent, had an interesting focus: under an agreement with Barcelona, which the player signed in 2016, he was to receive 40 million euros.
However, just a year later, the forward ended up at PSG for a record 222 million euros.
However, he received 22 million from the Catalans and now wants to take the remaining 18.
Moreover, the Brazilian's lawyers insist that the club also owes him interest for late payment.
When Neymar's claims came to light in the Catalan capital, Barcelona filed a counterclaim.
"Blue granite" insists that the bonus relied on the fulfillment of the entire contract - from 2016 to 2022.
Accordingly, the club believe that the player was paid only a quarter of 40 million euros and demand a refund of the proportional part of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer Neymar and Barcelona almost agreed on the return of the "prodigal" player to the bosom of Catalonia.
True, the deal fell through, but the hope for the forward's reverse move remains.
And so, as Sports.Ru reports with reference to insiders, the club’s lawyers told the player’s representatives that if the issue of financial claims is not settled in a pre-trial manner, it will rule out the possibility of the Brazilian’s return.
Neymar himself is so eager to return that he has asked for assurances that the Catalans will buy him back.
March Laar: EKRE members will not be on the board of the Bank of Estonia
EKRE members have not been and will not be invited to the council.
The Board of the Bank of Estonia draws conclusions about trust in the Estonian state.
As long as such behavior persists among EKRE members that at first they talk and then think, none of them will be invited to the bank's board.
"The chairman of the board of the Bank of Estonia cannot apologize for the statements of members of the board," Laar said in an interview with Delfi, reports the broadcasting portal ERR.
At the same time, Laar noted that EKRE was represented at meetings of the Eesti Pank board.
The current seventh board of the Bank of Estonia consists of, in addition to Laar, Lyin Tynisson, Kaye Kerem, Urmas Varblane, Kalev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (Reform Party), Anne Lystra and Rein Minka.
At Laar's suggestion, two councillors should be replaced - Kallo and Tynisson, in their place Laar was proposed by Enn Eesmaa (Centrist Party) and Ivari Padar (Social Democratic Party).
At the same time, the Reform Party wanted Andres Sutt to join the council instead of Jaanus Tamkiwi.
But Laar replied that the aim of the Reform Party was to win two seats on the board of the Bank of Estonia - so that, in addition to Jaanus Tamkiwi, Andres Sutt would also be on the board.
On Tuesday, September 24, the Riigikogu rejected Laar's proposal to appoint new members to the board of the Bank of Estonia.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation commented on the scandal in Kyrgyzstan with Malakhov’s show
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation commented on the situation with indignation caused in Kyrgyzstan by the next edition of Andrei Malakhov’s program, “Direct Ether”, RIA Novosti reports.
Earlier, the Russian diplomat was summoned to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan after the broadcast.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic believes that the presenter made incorrect statements regarding the situation surrounding the citizen of Kyrgyzstan, Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant in a traffic accident in which a Russian, Aleksandr Marugov, died.
Malakhov said that a citizen of Kyrgyzstan could have caused the accident.
The accident happened on July 8 in Moscow.
Marugov crashed his motorcycle into a taxi driven by Akbarov.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is the culprit of the accident.
Malakhov himself, who was demanded an apology by the citizens of Kyrgyzstan, said that these words were simply a personal opinion.
As explained in the Russian diplomatic service, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan did not call Russian diplomats - there was a scheduled working visit, during which, among other issues, the statements of the television host were discussed.
"Andrei Malakhov's point of view is the opinion of the journalist, his personal view of the situation," the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said, responding that this incident will not affect interstate relations between the Russian Federation and Kyrgyzstan.
Figure skaters Artemyev and Nazarychev won the Junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb
Russian figure skaters Yulia Artemyeva and Mikhail Nazarychev won gold in pairs competitions at the Junior Grand Prix stage, held in Zagreb, writes TASS.
Artemyev and Nazarychev received 179.83 points for their short and free programs.
In second place with a score of 177.58 was another Russian pair - Diana Mukhametzyanova and Ilya Mironov, the bronze went to the Germans Annika Hocke and Robert Kunkel (156.31 points).
Russian pair Anna Shcheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of the stage in Zagreb reached the final of the Junior Grand Prix.
It will take place in Turin from 5 to 8 December.
Later on September 27, the boys in singles will show the free skate program.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28.
On September 21, Russian figure skater Aleksandra Trusova set new world records in the free skate and in total scores at the tournament in Slovakia.
The judges rated its free skate at 163.78 points, and the short program at 74.91 points.
For the 15-year-old athlete, these competitions were the first at the adult level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only produced by Belarus
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only produced by Belarus.
Today, Lukashenko visited one of the local cosmetics factories in Minsk.
He stated that imported cosmetics are no better than Belarusian ones, and the advantage of domestic products is that they are made from local raw materials.
“You have to use your own,” the Belarusian leader said.
Alexander Lukashenko spoke about the need to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the Belarusian leader advised local sugar processors to find new markets for their products.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exports to Russia and "not to suffer."
The situation with sugar exports has deteriorated due to the oversupply of the product in the sales markets, RBC recalls.
This also applied to Russia, where, due to the surplus, sugar began to cost 50 kopecks per kilogram less than in Belarus.
In Domodedovo, a truck killed a seven-year-old girl at a crossing
The driver knocked down a mother and child at a pedestrian crossing in Domodedovo, Tatiana Petrova, the head of the press service for the Main Directorate of the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs for the Moscow region, told Interfax.
According to Petrova, the incident occurred on Friday at 08:25 on Gagarin Street.
A mother and her daughter were knocked down by a resident of Domodedovo, born in 1994, at the wheel of a Gaz truck.
As a result of the accident, a seven-year-old child died at the scene and the woman was hospitalized.
"A criminal case has been initiated against the driver under part 3 of Article 264 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (violation of traffic rules and the operation of vehicles, which resulted in the negligent death of a person)", reported a representative of the regional police chief.
The sanction of this article provides for a maximum penalty of imprisonment for a term of up to 5 years.
Currently, the offender has been detained, Petrova concluded.
The former head of the DPR spoke about his work in Russia
The former acting head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR), Dmitry Trapeznikov, who headed the administration of Elista, assessed the state of the city.
The official spoke about this in a commentary to the Telegram channel "Podjem".
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic state.
"It is necessary to level the economy, it is necessary to apply an economic hand: here, of course, it is necessary to do both roads and outdoor lighting", he said, adding that among the tasks is to make a comfortable and well-equipped city.
The head of Kalmykia, Batu Khasikov, proposed trapeznikov for the post of mayor of Elista.
The former acting head of the DPR admitted that he had known the head of the region for a long time.
In particular, he repeatedly visited the republic, where he engaged in work with young people and held sporting events.
"And so he approached me, invited me to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then offered to lead the city," the official added.
Separately, Trapeznikov commented on the information of a source belonging to Grigory Berezkin, RBC, who reported that his candidacy for the head of Kalmykia was proposed by an aide to the president, Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication, is “longtime friends” with Khasikov.
"Little is being written.
And on the level of various fictional stories happens.
I don't think it's worth paying attention to," he added.
The mayor of Elista also added that he holds both Russian citizenship and a DPR passport.
On September 26, he headed the administration of Elista.
Putin and Security Council discuss security without INFMD
The meeting also discussed the settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee
Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed security issues with the Security Council of the Russian Federation after the termination of the Intermediate-Range Missile Treaty, including taking into account a proposal by a number of NATO member states to impose a moratorium on the deployment of the INF.
This was reported by the press secretary of the Russian leader Dmitry Peskov.
The Kremlin representative noted that the meeting also discussed current issues of socio-economic development of the country, as well as further prospects for a settlement in Syria after the formation of a constitutional committee.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Chairman of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko, Secretary of the Security Council Nikolai Patrushev, Director of the FSB Aleksandr Bortnikov, Head of the Ministry of Defense Sergei Shoigu, Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin.
As the website kp.ru wrote, on September 25, the Russian leader sent a proposal to some member countries of the North Atlantic Alliance to impose a moratorium on the deployment of medium- and shorter-range missiles in Europe.
However, Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of the Alnyans, described Putin's proposal as unrealistic.
A dump truck has torn down an overpass on a road under construction in Crimea
A dump truck with a raised body knocked down two beams of an overpass under construction on the Tavrida highway in Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cab and thereby saved his life.
The incident occurred on the morning of September 27 in Bakhchisaray district of the peninsula.
The man behind the wheel of the heavy car remembered to lower the body, and when he remembered it was too late to brake.
The driver jumped out of the cab and the dump truck crashed into the overpass at speed.
The collapsed beams destroyed the cockpit and blocked the roadway, which, however, still has no traffic.
The amount of damage has yet to be determined, and it is being planned to recover it from the subcontractor for the construction of the highway, whose driver caused the accident.
Medvedev congratulated educators on their professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated educators and all preschoolers on their professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in a telegram published on the Government's website.
Medvedev noted that the profession of a tutor is special, requiring great love for one's work, wisdom, patience, and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you with their child.
And you are doing everything to make kindergarten a second home for children, where it is cozy, interesting, safe.
"Together with you, they get to know the world around them, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn independence, the ability to communicate and be friends," the Prime Minister said.
According to the prime minister, thanks to the tutor, children's character is formed and their abilities are revealed.
Medvedev is confident that the future of children depends on the caregiver.
"That is why the development of pre-school education, improvement of its quality, construction of modern kindergartens, material support for employees of pre-school institutions are priority tasks of the state social policy, which are addressed by the national Demography project," the head of government said.
Rooms in the center of Moscow are rented out at the price of an apartment on the outskirts
Despite the decrease in the number of communal facilities in Moscow, demand for them is not falling.
The offer is being tightened by demand due to the room renting of apartments.
In the centre of Moscow, room rentals are more expensive than in the outskirts - mainly because of high demand.
Moreover, rooms in the center are rented out at the price of apartments on the outskirts.
For example, in Khamovniki, the average price for renting a room is 28 thousand roubles, according to a study by the portal "World of Apartments".
For this money, it is possible to rent a single room near the Moscow Ring Road.
On Arbat, rooms are rented out for an average of 27.3 thousand roubles, although individual offers can compete with rates not only for one-room apartments, but also for two-room apartments in residential areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are rented out in Kapotna - the average price tag for the area amounted to 13.6 thousand roubles.
The second cheapest district is Biryulevo Zapadnoye (13.8 thousand).
For 14.1 thousand rooms in Biryulevo Vostochny and Veshnyaki are rented.
The most expensive area behind MKAD has become Solntsevo, where rooms are rented out for almost 16 thousand roubles a month.
A little cheaper will be the rooms in North and South Butov and Novo-Peredelkin.
How to increase your future pension and not recycle
It is capable of paying pensions not only to the Pension Fund of the Russian Federation, but also to non-state pension funds.
NPFs are private companies, reports Volgogradskaya Pravda.ru.
They work as a contribution: you make contributions, the fund invests them and, over time, returns you money with interest.
If you are interested in this method, then first study information about NPFs on the Bank of Russia website.
All funds operate according to the same rules, which are established by federal laws.
Pension points can be purchased by law.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of experience you lack to accrue a pension.
This method suits those who have worked unofficially.
In addition, you can make a contribution for your relative, for example, for your housewife.
Recommendation for those thinking about retirement at the beginning of their work journey.
Increased pension payments are received by civil servants, doctors, teachers, agricultural workers and people who have worked a certain number of years in areas of the Far North.
In order not to deny yourself anything with the onset of retirement age, take care of this in advance.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, save money for deposits.
The most important thing is to constantly improve your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth power unit of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant
The video recording, made in the control room of the fourth power unit at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, appeared on the Internet, the first of which was published on YouTube by the video agency Ruptly.
It is noted that a group of 15 representatives of the media gained access to the fourth reactor control room of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant as part of the presentation of a guide to the exclusion zone.
According to RT's Telegram channel, the journalists were there in special protective suits for less than five minutes, as the ruins of the power unit destroyed by the explosion still emit radiation that is 40,000 times higher than normal.
The accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred on the night of April 26, 1986.
12 regions in Ukraine and 23% of the area of Belarus were exposed to radiation contamination.
In Russia, 19 regions were affected.
To recap, in July of this year, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky signed a decree according to which a green corridor opened to tourists appeared in the Chernobyl zone.
A ban on filming has also been lifted in the exclusion zone.
Earlier, it was reported that the zone of exclusion of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant from the Belarusian side was opened for tourists.
Organizers of the tours stressed that in a day in the zone it is possible to get less radiation than during a flight on an airplane.
Tarasov repeated Ibrahimovic's trick
The former midfielder of Moscow's Lokomotiv took part in the Challenge, which was launched by the Swedish forward of the American Los Angeles Galaxy, Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Tarasov posted a clip of the stunt on his Instagram.
After that, Tarasov challenged the halfbacks of the "railways" Alexei and Anton Miranchuk, rap artist T-Killah, as well as bloggers from the YouTube channel 2DROTS.
The Swede has posted a video with the hashtag, .matrixchallenge, in which he holds the ball on his chest, leaning back, and performs movements with his hands, like the main character of the film "The Matrix" Neo, who in one scene similarly dodged bullets flying into him.
Ibrahimovic suggested repeating the trick to Manchester United halfback Paul Pogba, tennis player Novak Djokovic, Russian UFC champion Khabib Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Raiola, noting them under the record.
Earlier, it was reported that the wife of the Ukrainian football player took part in the Ibrahimovic Challenge.
Trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia could reach $6 billion by the end of 2019
With a positive trend emerging, the trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia could reach 6 billion roubles by the end of 2019, stated Slovak Minister of Economy Peter Zhiga.
At a meeting of the intergovernmental commission on economic, scientific and technical cooperation between the Russian Federation and Slovakia, the minister noted the growth of trade turnover between the two countries.
According to the results of last year, it amounted to 13 percent, and a figure of 5.5 billion dollars was achieved.
During the first half of 2019, the states reached 3 billion dollars of mutual trade turnover, Zhiga said.
According to the head of the Ministry of Industry and Trade, Denis Manturov, in order to consolidate this positive trend, it is necessary to increase cooperation in the industrial sector.
Earlier, it became known that parliamentarians from Russia and Slovakia are going to hold joint events to promote tourism between the countries, as well as cooperation in the field of health and education.
On TNT decided that rapper Goof is not good enough for the show "The Bachelor"
The web has been denouncing for several days whether rapper Goof is worthy of being the new "The Bachelor".
He was also reminded of his many infidelities and dealings with escorts, and even decided that in this way the musician wanted to be rehabilitated for the scandalous clip "Moscow", which received a record number of dislikes from listeners.
But the entire leadership of the TNT channel decided to stop all discussions at once.
Goof will not be a new contestant on The Bachelor.
An official statement from the press service said he was considered for the role, but ultimately chose another candidate.
Who could have been better than Goof?
Yes, basically, anyone...
"Well, at least the producers were able to figure out something, it's not the format for this program", "Yes, they just didn't score any girls for him", "One more sweet boy will be dragged to the screen", users of the Network comment on the news.
Magomed Ismailov: "When I hear such support from fans, I become simply abnormal in the cage."
Russian mixed martial arts fighter (MMA) Magomed Ismailov commented on the victory over Artem Frolov at the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy is just a cannon.
He has cannonballs.
And when I looked him in the eye, I saw desire and character.
He's a real man.
More respect for him.
I wish him luck in the future.
He's a real man.
When I hear such support from fans, I just become abnormal in the cage.
It was very difficult.
I tried my best.
I was talking about the show.
Did I promise the show?
Was it a show?
Thank you.
And to those who said I was choking in the third round...
Ismailov ended his speech with a victory gesture.
Deutsche Welle may be stripped of its accreditation and recognized as a foreign agent
The State Duma Commission came to the conclusion that the German television and radio broadcasting company Deutsche Welle violated the law, reports RIA Novosti.
Documents will be sent to the Ministry of Justice to recognize Deutsche Welle as a foreign agent.
Materials for deprivation of accreditation on the territory of Russia have been handed over to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
Earlier, representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in a meeting of the State Duma commission investigating the facts of interference of other countries in the internal affairs of Russia.
A massive Facebook glitch has hit Europe.
Ukraine got it too
A major failure occurred in the work of the social network Facebook in Europe.
Let us recall that before this, the social network was “falling” on September 23.
As the Downdetector network monitoring resource informs, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, as well as virtually the entire UK, are experiencing the greatest problems with access to the social network.
Massive disruptions are observed on the border between Romania and Bulgaria, in Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and Portugal.
Facebook is also inaccessible almost throughout Poland, in places in Belarus and the Baltic countries.
In Ukraine, judging by the map of failures compiled, Facebook is not available in the Kiev region, as well as partially in the Kharkiv and Vinnytsia regions.
Note that at the beginning of September, Wikipedia users also experienced problems.
Which club will take Pavel Mamayev, who was released on parole,
Footballer Pavel Mamayev, who was released last week from the penal colony in accordance with the UDP, will not return to the football club "Krasnodar".
The former midfielder of this club may sign a contract with FC Rostov in the near future, reports the portal "Championship".
According to the publication, negotiations between representatives of Rostov and Mamayev are currently in the final stage.
Presumably, the 31-year-old will be signed to a two-year contract with the option of extending it for another season.
Sport-Express writes that a day earlier Pavel Mamayev was due to undergo a medical examination at Dynamo Moscow, but the inspection did not take place due to the "uncertain situation at the club".
Krasnodar terminated its contract with Mamayev last week by agreement of the parties.
The midfielder has played for the Krasnodar club since 2014.
With the team, he twice won bronze at the Russian championship.
Previously, Mamayev played for Torpedo Moscow and CSKA Moscow.
From 2009 to 2016, Mamayev played for the Russian national team, playing 15 matches in its squad.
Together with Zenit player Aleksandr Kokorin, Mamayev served his sentence for taking part in fights in the center of Moscow last October.
In mid-September, they were released from the penal colony on the basis of an EMT.
Zenit signed a new contract with Kokorin.
A man with a samurai sword tried to defend a cart found in a garbage heap
A resident of the American city of Oakland Park, Florida, has been arrested on attempted murder charges after swinging a samurai sword at his opponent in a dispute over a cart found in the trash.
Curtis Miller, 54, was digging in a pile of rubbish outside an empty house.
Todd Beavers, who went out for an evening walk, noticed this.
The latter decided to join the search and found a black cart among the debris.
Miller saw Beavers' find and became upset.
He believed he could claim the cart because he was the first to dig into the garbage.
The men started arguing.
Suddenly, Beavers grabbed the trolley and ran with it toward his home.
Then Miller took the samurai sword he found in the same pile and pursued his opponent.
He caught up with Beavers near his home.
Miller grabbed his sword from his scabbard and began swinging it in the direction of the cart thief.
Beavers told Miller that what was happening was being recorded on video.
After noticing the dashcam footage, Miller fled but threatened to return.
Beavers left the cart in the yard and entered the house.
Soon after, he saw an unfamiliar woman enter his yard and pick up a trolley, shouting abuse.
Police were already looking for Miller for driving without a license.
The man was detained and charged with attempted murder.
In September, it was reported that in the American city of Hardiston, New Jersey, a hedge fund manager attacked an unfamiliar woman and wounded her with a sword.
In this way, he reacted to the fact that the guests at the wedding, which was celebrated at the same hotel where he stayed, did not let him smoke.
Riots in three
The "Moscow affair" against the participants of the summer protest actions, the further, the more noticeably it breaks up into separate fragments and loses its political content.
Evidence of the very fact of "mass disorder" does not stand up to scrutiny, but in the absence of a political decision to put this case on the brakes, a weak evidence base would not necessarily lead to the dismissal of charges.
The collapse of the case should embolden the public, but it is certain to leave the security forces, whose efforts to fill the case with figures and evidence have proved futile, in extreme irritation.
On Thursday, September 26, one of the three remaining defendants in the case under Article 212 of the Criminal Code (mass disorder) - Aleksei Minaylo was unexpectedly released from custody without any obligations, and after several hours he was completely rehabilitated: the Investigative Committee dropped the charges against him.
Minailo sat under arrest for almost two months, and several professional communities joined him at once: historians, priests, and writers.
After that, only two people accused of participating in the riots remained in the case (there were 13 initially accused): Sergei Fomin, who was transferred to house arrest on September 3, and Samariddin Radzhabov, whom the court extended his arrest to the end of December the day before (he is also accused of using violence against a representative of the government, Article 318 of the Criminal Code).
A court has sentenced the author of a joke petition on Latvia's accession to the United States
The court of the Vidzeme suburb of Riga has punished the author of a joke petition about Latvia's joining the United States of America, Denis Bartecki.
It is noted that the man was assigned 80 hours of correctional work and one year of probation.
"Common sense is not the strongest aspect of our system," Bartecki commented on the court's decision.
He also added that usually the punishment is less than requested.
The collection of signatures on Latvia's accession to the United States was organized in 2016.
Meanwhile, at the same time as this petition, the website collected signatures on Latvia's accession to the "Galactic Empire" and on the country's departure from the solar system and the Milky Way.
It is noted that a criminal case has been initiated against Bartecki under the first paragraph of Article 82 of the Criminal Law of the country - "Public appeal to undermine the territorial integrity of the Republic of Latvia".
Prior to this, in 2016, the author of an online petition for Latvia's accession to Russia received a six-month prison sentence.
A Japanese airliner made an emergency landing in Khabarovsk
Boeing, which was flying from Austria to Japan, made an emergency landing at Khabarovsk airport, reports TASS.
There were 206 people on board the airliner owned by the Japanese company ANA, including 12 crew members.
It is noted that there are no casualties.
Another flight took place behind the people from Tokyo.
As a representative of Khabarovsk airport told the agency, the cause of the incident was a drop in oil pressure in one of the engines of the aircraft.
Earlier, it was reported that the plane, which was flying from Moscow’s Zhukovsky airport to Kyrgyzstan, made an emergency landing at the Samara airport because of a sick child on board.
The Russian Ministry of the Interior proposes punishing police officers for insulting them online
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia has prepared amendments to the law "On Police" in order to protect law enforcement officers from the spread of defamatory and defamatory information on the Internet.
On Friday, an application for public discussion of the bill appeared on the federal portal of regulatory legal acts; the draft document itself has not yet been published.
The explanatory note to the document notes that it is being developed in connection with the need to protect the honor and dignity of a police officer from "dissemination in information and communication networks, including the Internet, of defamatory information, including discrediting information."
Exactly how police officers are supposed to be protected from online defamation is not specified.
Moreover, in the explanation to the document, it is noted that the provisions of the amendments will be applied “by individualizing the mechanism”, already predetermined by the law on blocking posts that offend representatives of the government, and by the law on fines for such posts.
Both laws came into force in March of this year.
The final text of the bill will be published after public discussions and an independent anti-corruption review.
According to the explanatory note, amendments to the law "On Police" are due to take effect in January 2020.
On March 18, President Vladimir Putin signed a law on punishment for "blatant disrespect of the state" on the Internet.
According to this document, Roskomnadzor warns the resource about the violation and gives it a day to eliminate it.
For the first violation of the bans, a fine in the amount of 30 to 300 thousand roubles is provided, and for the second violation, an administrative arrest for up to 15 days.
On April 12, Roskomnadzor applied this norm for the first time in relation to the media, blocking the Yaroslavl edition of 76.ru.
Soon after, the Chudovsky District Court of Novgorod Region fined a local resident 30 thousand rubles for posting on the network "two records with information in an indecent form that offends human dignity and public morality and expresses clear disrespect for society, the state, and bodies exercising state power in the Russian Federation."
The timeframe for reducing mortgage rates has been announced
Rates on housing loans in Russia will decrease by the end of 2019.
This was stated by the Director General of the credit organization Dom.rf, Aleksandr Plutnik, Interfax reports.
As Plutnik noted at a board meeting under the Ministry of Construction of Russia, most banks in the remaining months of the year will conduct another cycle of reducing mortgage rates, and the market average will reach 8.9 percent - the level stipulated by the national project "Housing and Urban Environment".
According to the project’s passport, in 2019 the average mortgage rate should be 8.9 percent, in 2021 – 8.5 percent, and by 2024 – 7.9 percent.
The program provides for "the provision of affordable housing for middle-income families, including the creation of opportunities for acquisition (the construction of housing by them using a mortgage loan, at which the rate should be less than 8 percent)".
Earlier in September, it became known that one of the largest players in the Russian mortgage market - Sberbank - plans to carry out another reduction in rates on housing loans by the end of 2019.
Will phytoestrogens and phytoandrogens help prolong youth?
The topic of phytoandrogens has been poorly studied.
Among the most famous are pine pollen.
But phytoestrogens have been well researched and have a positive effect on the body.
They reduce the risks of certain diseases associated with age (among them cardiovascular, some cancers).
Well-known sources of phytoestrogens are all legumes (the most popular is soya), hops, and flax seeds.
However, many experts believe that such dietary supplements cannot act as a full-fledged substitute for natural hormones.
Possible harm from such additives cannot be ruled out.
For example, against the backdrop of their ingestion, the production of their own hormones may decrease due to the fact that the body receives too many analogues from outside.
Veretennikov called for the revival of Kazakhstan's Zhenis.
The former striker of "Rotor" and the Russian national team, Oleg Veretennikov, joined the action to revive Kazakhstan's "Genis".
The club from Astana, which in different years was called "Dynamo", "Tselinnik", "Astana" and "Zhenis", was disbanded in 2014.
Veretennikov defended his colours in 2004 and 2008.
"I learned about the action to revive the football club "Genis", organized by its fans.
And I couldn't stay away!
I spent a season and a half at this club.
It wasn't the best of times in terms of results and funding, but I will never forget this club and its loyal fans, who have always been with the team!
The Munaitpasov stadium, where I scored my 200th career goal, will always be remembered!
"Genis" must be revived!
He has a huge history and great fans.
I wish them all the best and believe that the city authorities will return their home club to them!" Veretennikov wrote on Instagram.
The Bastion complex launched an Onyx rocket in Chukotka
The Ministry of Defense for the first time conducted the launch of a cruise missile from the Bastion complex in Chukotka.
Onyx launched at a distance of 350 kilometers from the target, and 200 of them flew over land, which is a record for this type of missile.
About 10 warships and vessels of the Pacific Fleet, as well as naval aviation aircraft, ensured the safety of the shootings, the Department of Information and Mass Communications of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation reported.
Previously, "Bastion" complexes were never used in Chukotka.
The Hydrometeorological Center named the right people's signs
In Russia, there are many popular beliefs, according to which people try to predict the weather.
Unfortunately, not all of them work.
All the signs that supposedly work were checked at the Hydrometcenter.
Meteorologists have come to the conclusion that only two of them can really be trusted, however, in the short term.
As the scientific director of the Hydrometeorological Centre of Russia, Roman Wilfand, told us, if the sun is red during the setting, then the next day will really be on fire, as our ancestors noted.
And if the celestial light is white, then the next day it will rain.
The second working feature is based on birdwatching.
They often talk about swallows, if they fly low, it's usually raining.
This is explained simply: when the air humidity is high, the wings get wet in the mosquito and the feathered ones are forced to decline in order to hunt insects, writes TASS.
Different continents have their own folk symbols.
Groundhog Day is a traditional folk holiday in the United States and Canada, celebrated annually on February 2.
It is believed that on this day it is necessary to observe a marmot climbing out of its burrow to determine the time of arrival of spring.
Unidentified oil patches found on beaches in northeast Brazil
Oil patches of unknown origin have been found on 99 beaches in northeast Brazil.
The pockets of pollution turned out to be spread over two thousand kilometres of coastline.
Reports of the first oil spills discovered began to arrive as early as September 2.
However, with each passing day until Thursday, their number, as well as territorial coverage, continued to increase.
The Brazilian Institute of the Environment conducted a chemical analysis of the identified samples.
It turned out that all of them are identical and we are talking specifically about crude oil.
The state oil corporation Petrobras, to which the found samples were submitted for analysis, stated that in terms of their composition they do not correspond to oil extracted from fields in Brazil.
"It's thick oil.
It can be dropped from one of the ships after cleaning the tanks.
Many continue to do so.
And most likely, it fell into the ocean current," the coordinator of the union of workers of the oil industry of the states of Pernambuco and Paraiba, Rogerio Almeida, told Brazilian news portal G1.
He also added that despite the ban on this practice, many ships continue to dump waste on the high seas.
On the beaches of four of the eight affected states of the northeast of the country, environmentalists found nine sea turtles completely covered in oil film.
And only two of them were saved.
In the coming days, the Brazilian Institute of the Environment, in cooperation with Petrobras, will begin cleaning up polluted beaches.
Meanwhile, specialists of the institute recommend tourists and local residents to bypass the oil patches and notify about all detected pockets of contamination.
Medvedev instructed to revise norms of operation of public catering enterprises
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev instructed Rospotrebnadzor, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Economy, and the Ministry of Industry and Trade, in cooperation with the business ombudsman and the business community, to revise sanitary and epidemiological rules and norms for catering organizations.
They will also have to study the issue of the transition to the application of the requirements established by the technical regulations of the Eurasian Economic Union in the organization of nutrition.
The agency must submit its proposals to the government no later than October 15, says the list of instructions of Mr. Medvedev based on the results of the "Dialogue" program, which took place on September 11, on the "Russia 24" channel.
In addition to the deadline, Mr. Medvedev instructed all the above-mentioned agencies, in addition to the Ministry of Justice, to submit proposals for conducting an experiment starting January 1, 2020 to restrict control measures for catering organizations in a number of regions, including Moscow, Tatarstan, and Kaliningrad Oblast.
The Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Economy have until November 11 been instructed to submit to the government a bill with amendments to the Code of Administrative Offences on the application of an administrative suspension of activity for violating the requirements for the organization of food, as a result of which health was harmed.
In addition, the Ministry of Labor, the Ministry of Economy, Rospotrebnadzor, and the Ministry of Finance need to work out the issue of a gradual transition from 2021 to the formation of a consumer basket based on a basic set of products that enables the formation of a full-fledged diet of healthy food.
Let us recall that the business community started talking about outdated standards of requirements after one cafe from the AnderSon chain was closed.
The business community demanded the cancellation of existing SanPiNs, Rospotrebnadzor announced the joint development of new ones.
33 agencies were included in the list.
Meanwhile, Rospotrebnadzor intends to reduce the number of sanitary norms and regulations by 40 times by 2021.
Currently, operatives possess information about three thefts to which the detainee was involved.
A man was operating in the Skuratovsky microdistrict of Tula.
He stole batteries and car magnets from cars.
Of the two cars - the VAZ-2106 and the VAZ-2107 - the kidnapper took battery packs, presumably for the purpose of further sale.
"And from another car, the VAZ-2107, for the same purpose, the intruder took the car recorder and the subwoofer", the Ministry of Internal Affairs for the Tula region reported.
The stolen intruder probably intended to resell.
Currently, the 26-year-old unemployed man has been detained.
Russians have nothing to save for their retirement - V. Matviyenko
Speaker of the Federation Council, Valentina Matvienko, believes that Russians do not have sufficient savings in order for the country to fully implement the bill on guaranteed pension products.
The practice of increasing pensions through personal savings in the world is quite common.
It's another matter how timely its introduction is in our country.
"In my opinion, now a significant part of the population has incomes, from which they simply have nothing to allocate to increase pension provision in the future", V. Matviyenko stated.
According to the speaker, Russians cannot understand the mechanisms for the formation and accrual of pensions, since “constant changes in this area have finally confused them”.
This does not mean that I am against improving the pension system regulating its legislation.
"Russia is a social state, and we are obliged to do everything in order that the size of pensions and the social security of citizens improve.
But steps in this direction must be thoughtful, responsible, taking into account domestic realities", V. Matvienko told RIA Novosti.
The head of the SF stressed that if this initiative (the bill on guaranteed pension products) develops, then several basic principles must necessarily be provided, including voluntariness, tax preferences for citizens and employers, and strict guarantees and the responsibility of the state to ensure the safety of pension savings.
On September 6, the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation announced that a bill on guaranteed pension products (GPP) would be sent for approval.
Among its main elements are an exclusively voluntary procedure for citizens to join the savings system, guaranteeing the safety of long-term pension savings of citizens by the state, registration of savings accounts of citizens by the central administrator, tax incentives for businesses, and tax deductions for citizens.
Spider-Man remains in the Marvel film universe.
Sony and Disney agreed
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption News of the beloved superhero's departure from the Marvel film universe has angered many loyal fans
One of the comic book's most celebrated heroes - Spider-Man - will remain in the Marvel film universe.
Disney and Sony Pictures managed to negotiate the rights to use it in franchise films.
This became known from a Sony press release, which says that the third installment of "Spider-Man" with Tom Holland will be released on July 16, 2021.
Earlier, it was reported that Disney and Sony Pictures could not reach a consensus on revenue sharing, which would leave the Marvel film universe.
Sony owns the rights to the film character.
She leased them for the Marvel films, which are owned by Disney.
As a result, Sony earned revenue from the box office and Disney from souvenirs and toys.
It was reported that at some point Disney was no longer happy with this arrangement, and the company wanted to renegotiate the agreement.
Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige said he was delighted.
Shockingly, Spidey [Spider-Man]'s journey into the Marvel film universe will continue.
"All of us at Marvel Studios are very excited to be able to continue working on it.
Spider-Man is an iconic figure.
This is a hero whose story affects all generations and audiences around the world," he said in a press release.
At the same time, Feige recalled that Sony is also creating its own film universe, built just around Spider-Man.
"It just so happened that he's the only super-powered hero to find himself in different places.
So while Sony continues to develop its own Spidey universe, the future may offer unexpected surprises," he said.
Tom Holland, who played Spider-Man in five films, apparently commenting on the news, posted an excerpt from the film "The Wolf of Wall Street" on his Instagram account, in which Leonardo DiCaprio's character shouts "I'm not leaving!"
Information about contradictions between the companies emerged in August.
Disney wanted half of the box office revenue from the Spider-Man films on the condition that both companies pay half of the costs of producing the films, media reported.
But Sony didn't like it.
News of the beloved superhero's possible departure from the Marvel film universe has angered many loyal fans.
Details of the new terms have not yet been disclosed.
Sony declined to comment on the agreement, CNBC reports, but said: "We've collaborated beautifully over the past four years and our joint desire to continue working together has been commensurate with the wishes of many [Spider-Man] fans.
We're excited to be able to go forward together."
The film "Avengers: Finale," which brought together Spider-Man, Thor, the Hulk and other Marvel superheroes, became the highest-grossing film in the history of world cinema, removing "Avatar" from first place.
The President of Belarus was invited to visit Crimea
The head of the Belarusian community of Crimea, Roman Chegrinets, invited the President of Belarus, Alexander Lukashenko, to visit the peninsula.
The main dream is to transfer power by inheritance
How Lukashenka's 25-year rule in Belarus was remembered
In his opinion, closer economic cooperation with Belarus will benefit the region.
Chegrinets expressed confidence that Belarusian enterprises will follow Lukashenko to Crimea, RIA Novosti reports.
On September 26, the President of Belarus responded negatively to a question from a Ukrainian journalist about the return of Crimea to Ukraine.
According to the Belarusian leader, he does not consider this possible in the foreseeable future: “This issue is closed once and for all”.
However, in Kiev and in the West, the results of the vote were not recognized.
Lukashenko names reasons for continuing conflict in Donbass
Famous blogger Andrei Poltava was searched: what is known at the moment
On Friday, September 27, searches are underway in Poltava at the home of relatives of volunteer and blogger Andrei Karpov, known as Andrei Poltava.
This was reported by the blogger himself on Facebook, noting that he does not live at this address.
In addition, Poltava writes that, once again, he received a message on an e-mail with this content: "We inform you that on the territory ... I left a homemade bomb.
The second similar explosive device planted in the car will be put into action today near the home of the famous Ukrainian propagandist Karpov, Andrei Anatolyevich (also known as Andrei Poltava) ...
Death to the punishers."
Karpov believes that his activities as a volunteer, politician and blogger do not please the Russian occupiers.
Poltava's subscribers are confident that he is making the necessary broadcasts and wish him strength and patience.
To recap, Poltava talks with Russians about the war in Donbass, the annexation of Crimea, peace, politics, and then puts a video online.
The blogger ran for the Verkhovna Rada from the European Solidarity party.
Currently, he is hosting television broadcasts on the channel "Pryamoy", where he harshly criticizes Russian propaganda.
In 2017, according to ICTV channel, Karpov was recognized as the best blogger in Ukraine.
Riigikogu: Estonia wants to make 2050 climate goals even more ambitious
The chairman of the commission, Anneli Ott, noted that so far three hearings have taken place in the commission.
Experts, businessmen and representatives of the Ministry of the Environment presented their vision of achieving carbon neutrality in Estonia.
"The review will make it clear that, in cooperation with other EU member states, Estonia is actively seeking opportunities to make the 2050 climate goals even more ambitious and agree on ways to achieve them," Ott said.
The Chair added that the government has also scheduled a discussion on the analysis of increasing Estonia's climate ambitions for October 3.
The decision made based on its results will continue to be discussed in the Riigikogu commissions.
Deputy Chairwoman of the Commission, Riina Sikkut, said that Estonia needs a clear plan to achieve climate goals, agreed with all interested parties.
International agreements and the high cost of a carbon quota will be in any case.
"In addition to energy, within the framework of internal discussions, the Riigikogu could focus on measures in agriculture, transport, forestry and housing.
It is necessary to take into account the socio-economic impact of all the changes", stressed Sikkut.
This autumn, the Riigikogu Commission on European Union Affairs launched a series of parliamentary hearings to prepare a decision with which Estonia will take part in EU negotiations on climate goals for 2050.
Chelsea to lure Neymar with record wages
The management of English Chelsea expressed a desire to acquire the striker of French PSG Neymar.
El Desmarque reports this.
According to the publication, the London club will offer Parisians an offer in the summer transfer window.
It is noted that Chelsea intends to pay PSG 300 million euros, and Neymar is offered a contract with a salary of 42 million euros, which will make him the highest paid player in the world.
The Brazilian this summer announced his desire to return to Barcelona.
Neymar, according to media reports, did not want to stay at PSG, but ultimately did not manage to leave for another club in the last transfer window.
Afterwards, fans of Parisians publicly addressed the footballer, expressing dissatisfaction with his actions.
In Rostov region, a child had his arm amputated due to a medical error
In Rostov region, an 11-year-old boy lost his hand because of a doctors' error.
This is explained in a note published on the pages of the Internet media.
According to REGNUM news agency, the child was taken to the hospital in the city of Zernograd with a broken arm.
The boy was put on a plaster, after which he developed gangrene.
As a result, the limb had to be amputated.
The cited material states that employees of Roszdravnadzor identified in the medical facility "disturbances in the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis of the child, as well as the standard and scope of assistance rendered in the first stage of treatment".
Investigators will conduct an investigation into the incident.
A woman with two children was hit by a car in Penza region
A car hit a woman with an infant in a stroller and a three-year-old son in Penza region, and one child died.
This was reported to Interfax by the head of the press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs for the region, Olga Yevdokimova.
The accident occurred in Serdobsky district on Friday evening.
The agency’s interlocutor clarified that the woman was walking along the side of the road with a stroller, in which the child was born in 2019, and with her son in 2016.
The driver of the Ford Focus shot down all three.
As a result, the older boy died.
The youngest child was taken unconscious to hospital.
The woman has no injuries and was released after an examination.
According to Yevdokimova, the perpetrator of the accident tried to leave the scene of the accident, but was promptly detained.
According to preliminary data, the driver was drunk and was sent for a medical examination.
An investigation is underway into the accident.
A high-ranking ex-police officer from the CBD has been detained in Krasnodar
The guards of order detained Sergei Rybnikov, the former head of the operational and search unit of the Ministry of Internal Affairs for Kabardino-Balkaria, in a rented apartment in Krasnodar.
He has been wanted since May as part of a bribery case, RIA Novosti writes, citing representatives of the Russian Ministry of the Interior and the Investigative Committee.
The man was taken to an investigative unit.
The guarantor of the case has been remanded in custody, having previously been charged in absentia.
According to law enforcement agencies, in 2017-2018, officials of the Ministry of Internal Affairs for the Kabardino-Balkaria Republic received a bribe in the amount of 42 million roubles.
For this money, they did not prevent the illegal transportation of alcohol-containing products on the territory of the region.
16 people are the guarantors of the case.
Moreover, 14 of them were detained at the initial stage of the investigation.
Oleg Vinnik landed in the "Peacemaker" base: what happened
Popular Ukrainian singer Oleg Vinnik, who starred in the project "All the World with Russian stars who supported the Kremlin's policy towards Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea, got into the "Peacemaker" base.
A report about this appeared on the base's official website.
The description refers to the fact that Vinnik became a participant in the Russian propaganda anti-Ukrainian action, "All the World, aimed at shifting the responsibility of the war unleashed by Russia (the aggressor country) to Ukraine.
Let us recall that Vladimir Pozner, Mireille Mathieu (France), Alessandro Safina (Italy), Valeria, Soso Pavliashvili, Igor Krutoi, Zara, Tamara Gverdtsiteli, Denis Klyaver, Valery Syutkin, Dmitry Malikov, Maksim Pokrovsky, Yana Poplavskaya, Maksim Averin, Ksenia Alferova, Nonna Grishaeva and others took part in the video clip.
Most of the flash mob participants publicly support the Kremlin's aggressive policy.
Vinnik became the only Ukrainian participant in the project.
The singer's press service previously explained that the artist took part in a project in support of the International Day of Peace, which is celebrated on September 21, and did not change his patriotic position.
To recall, a wave of outrage arose online.
The video itself is called bullying.
How can artists who visited occupied Crimea, who support the policies of Putin, who unleashed a war in Donbass, where people die almost every day, talk about peace?
Four people have been convicted for a series of dacha robberies in Khabarovsk
In Khabarovsk, the court sentenced four residents of the village of Druzhba, who for two years robbed dachas in the partnerships "Cosmos" and "Rainbow" in the area of the Black River.
This was reported by the Khabarovsk Krai Today news agency on September 27.
The criminal group included previously unconvicted men 31 and 37 years old and two brothers 21 and 24 years old.
It was established that the mastermind of the crimes is the eldest of the brothers, who spent his youth in a penal colony for minors.
Alone, he robbed nine houses, and later the others joined in.
Damage from each of the thefts amounted to between three and 21 thousand roubles.
Criminals carried away stoves, refrigerators, curtains, buckets, gas cans, chairs, cabinets, and a host of other items.
They were apprehended thanks to a security alarm in the last house.
The defendants were found guilty of theft committed with unlawful entry into a home, causing significant damage to a group of persons by prior conspiracy.
"The brothers were sentenced to 3 years 6 months imprisonment in a general regime penal colony, the other two defendants to 2 years 10 months and 1 year 6 months imprisonment suspended," the agency quotes Yulia Vasilyeva as saying.
Medvedev: Kokorin continues training on individual program
The forward of Saint Petersburg's Zenit, Aleksandr Kokorin, continues training on the individual program after his release from prison, reports TASS with reference to the general director of the team, Aleksandr Medvedev.
Last Thursday, September 26, the striker started training with Zenit-2.
A photo with Kokorin was posted on his Instagram by the mentor of the second team of blue-white-blue Vladislav Radimov.
Earlier, Medvedev reported that Kokorin may play for Zenit in the autumn in a friendly match.
In official meetings, the forward will be able to prove himself after January 22, 2020, he must be registered in the nearest transfer window.
To recall, on October 8, 2018, Kokorin, his younger brother Kirill, Krasnodar halfback Pavel Mamayev, and children's coach Aleksandr Protasovitsky staged a series of fights in the center of Moscow.
The drunken athletes beat up three people.
They have been in pre-trial detention for a long time.
In May 2019, the court sentenced them to real prison terms.
The Kokorin brothers were sent to prison for a year and a half, Mamayev and Protasovitsky for 1 year and 5 months.
In September 2019, the court granted the request of athletes, with the exception of Protasovitsky, for parole.
The first fights according to the rules of Aleksandr Yemelyanenko will take place on November 29.
The first MMA fights according to the rules, which were invented by Aleksandr Yemelyanenko, will take place in Moscow on November 29 - in the undercard of a boxing match between Yemelyanenko and strongman Mikhail Koklyaev.
We lost our battles in the spectacle, Yemelyanenko said in an interview with SE.
There is no one to look at.
So I came up with a new type of mixed martial arts - Universal World Fight.
The rules are three different rounds.
MMA is a sport where all martial arts are gathered.
A mixed martial artist should be able to do everything - and work in a rack, and fight, and work in a stall.
The first round is just the percussion technique in the rack.
The second round is only a fight, and the time to hold a reception in the stall is limited to 30 seconds.
Third round - everything is allowed.
When will the first tournament be held according to the rules you came up with?
November 29.
In the undercard of our fight with Koklyaev.
But it is not yet known exactly how many battles there will be.
A veteran and his wife were killed in a Russian city
A veteran of the Great Patriotic War and his wife were killed in Ryazan.
This was reported on the website of the regional Investigative Committee.
The bodies of a man and a woman born in 1928 and 1930 were found in their apartment.
It is noted that signs of violent death were found on them.
A criminal case has been initiated in relation to the incident.
The investigation examines various versions, including those related to the self-serving motive of the murder.
The investigation is currently ongoing.
On August 24, it was reported that a man who killed a 92-year-old veteran for drug money was detained in Kaluga.
It is noted that the elderly man was punched at least ten times.
Criminal proceedings have been initiated under part 4 of Article 111 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation ("Intentional infliction of grievous harm to health, resulting in negligent death of the victim").
Later, the Mash Telegram channel reported that the suspect in the murder five years ago had glassed the veteran's balcony.
KAMAZ-Master will exhibit four crews at Dakar 2020
On Friday, September 27, a press conference "KamAZ-Master" was held in Naberezhnye Chelny, where the team leader Vladimir Chagin named the names of the riders who will take part in the rally-raid "Dakar-2020".
The Russian team will be represented at the rally marathon by four crews who will perform on KamAZ-43509 trucks: the current Dakar champion, Eduard Nikolaev, the winner of the Silk Way-2019 rally, Anton Shibalov, as well as Andrei Karginov and Dmitry Sotnikov.
Currently, the process of preparing the team for the Dakar 2020 rally has entered its final stage.
The team's press service reports.
On December 5, 6, in French Marseille, initial technical inspections and ferry loading will take place to send the equipment of the participants of the race to the Arabian peninsula.
Let us recall that, starting in 2020, the Dakar Rally Marathon will change its deployment.
After 10 years spent on South American routes, the race organizers signed a five-year contract with Saudi Arabia.
The 42nd Dakar will start on January 5 from the Red Sea coast from Jeddah.
On January 11, the participants will spend a day of rest in the capital of the Kingdom of Riyadh, and finally, the finish of the race is scheduled for January 17 in Kiddia.
Trade with Russia is not just about tanks
Trade turnover between Russia and India could double thanks to the geopolitical situation.
Deputy Director of the Confederation of Indian Industry Manish Kumar spoke about this at the 5th anniversary forum of small and medium-sized businesses of the regions of the SCO and BRICS member countries.
It is important for us to learn from the SCO and BRICS countries, including Russia, stressed the guest from Delhi.
- Our confederation has 9,000 direct members and 300,000 partner companies from 130 countries.
All of this is small and medium-sized business, which cooperates with the countries of the Shanghai Organization.
And we are not standing still, but developing, and all these sanctions against Russia and the geopolitical situation in general only help us all grow.
Currently, our bilateral trade exceeds 10 billion dollars, but these figures can be doubled.
First of all, due to new technologies in the field of health care, artificial intelligence and robotics.
Our trade is not just tanks and heavy industry.
According to Manish Kumar, India has already established the first contacts with modern centers of Russia.
For example, a delegation from Delhi and other cities recently visited Skolkovo and Innopolis.
We signed a memorandum on the creation of systems in which it will be possible to build our modern business.
After all, entrepreneurship is not a whim, but a necessity.
We need a step towards economic well-being.
We need to expand, attract small and medium-sized businesses, and together with Russia, China and other countries, we will definitely do this, stressed the Indian industrialist.
To recap, Ufa is hosting the Forum of Small and Medium Businesses of the regions of the SCO and BRICS member states for the fifth time in a row.
From 25 to 27 September, more than 2,800 people from Russia and 31 other countries of the world took part in the forum.
As part of a working trip to Tobolsk, the governor of Tyumen region, Aleksandr Moor, took part in the grand opening of the Sokolov water intake after reconstruction.
Now its capacity is 25 thousand cubic meters per day.
Reconstruction of the water intake was carried out as part of the implementation of the federal project "Clean Water" under the national project "Ecology".
Investors helped the authorities: Sokolovsky water intake became another example of using the mechanism of public-private partnership.
Tyumen region has a unique experience for the country in cooperation in this area of federal structures, regional authorities, local administration and a private investor.
New artesian wells have appeared at the facility.
Pumping stations were built above them.
Water treatment and decontamination facilities have been reconstructed.
As a result, the Sokolovsky water intake will provide the tobolyaks with quality drinking water.
There are plans to ring Sokolovsky and Zhukovsky water intakes.
Then Tobolsk will be fully able to switch to underground water supply sources.
Water treatment plants to be expanded in Vagai
In Congress, a "Russian trail" was found in Trump's conversation with Zelensky
In the lower house of the US Congress, the Russian Federation was accused of involvement in a scandal caused by a telephone conversation between the head of the White House Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.
The suggestion that the "Russians" might somehow be behind this story was voiced by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, MSNBC News reports.
"I believe Russia has put a hand in this," the Democrat said, but did not offer further comment.
Pelosi-led Democrats, who hold a majority in the chamber, have previously announced the launch of impeachment proceedings against the president.
This came after Trump was complained about by an intelligence whistleblower.
The whistleblower suspected that in a conversation with Zelensky in July, Trump pressured his interlocutor to bring a case against the son of former Vice President Joseph Biden, with the latter likely to be Trump's electoral rival in a year.
The White House had to provide congressmen and the public with a transcript of the scandalous conversation.
Nornickel will allocate 139.8 billion roubles for dividends in the first half of the year
Norilsk Nickel will allocate 139.88 billion roubles (around $2.1 billion) for dividends in the first half of 2019.
The decision was made at an extraordinary meeting of shareholders.
It is noted that the payment per share will amount to 883.93 roubles.
“The shareholders approved on October 7, 2019, the date on which the persons entitled to receive dividends are determined”, the company’s press service said.
According to data from the Moscow Exchange at 18:03, the value of one Nornickel share increased by 1.04% - to 16.5 thousand roubles.
Wang Yi met with UN Secretary General A. Guterres
A member of the State Council, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China Wang Yi on Thursday met with the UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres at the UN headquarters in New York.
As A. Gutterish stated at the meeting, China plays an extremely important role in creating a multipolar world.
The UN is grateful to the Chinese government for its strong support and fruitful cooperation, and also commends China's important contribution to the international fight against poverty, the fight against climate change and the creation of a green "Belt and Road".
He wants to deepen cooperation with China in the area of security and peace and sustainable development, and expects China to continue to play a leading role in the fight against climate change and other areas.
Wang Yi, in turn, noted that multipolarity is an inevitable trend, and each country has the right to develop.
The realization of multipolarity is impossible without multilateralism, symbolized by the main goals and principles established in the UN Charter.
According to the minister, China stands for a more active role of the UN, supports the work of the Secretary General of the world organization and strictly adheres to the basic ideas and principles of the UN Charter.
Next year will mark the 75th anniversary of the founding of the UN, and the Chinese side intends to use this opportunity to strengthen cooperation with the global organization, in order to jointly create a wonderful future for the world.
Philippine President Duterte to visit Russia for five days
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will arrive in Russia in October, reports TASS with reference to the representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines, Amelita Aquino.
It is specified that Duterte will arrive in the Russian Federation on October 1.
His visit to Russia will last until October 5.
Aquino said that the President of the Philippines is going to Russia at the invitation of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
Duterte will participate in a meeting of the Valdai Club in Sochi.
The Philippine leader will also visit Moscow.
In the capital, Duterte will take part in a Russian-Filipino business forum and give a lecture at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO).
According to Aquino, the main event of the trip will be a meeting between the two presidents.
The leaders are expected to discuss the state of bilateral relations and how countries can further expand cooperation in various fields.
It is noted that the meeting between the Filipino leader and the Russian one will already be the fourth in a row.
The presidents first met in 2016 at the APEC summit in Peru.
In May 2017, the head of the Philippines visited the Russian Federation, and another meeting of leaders took place in November 2017 on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Vietnam.
Earlier, it was reported that the President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, allowed citizens to shoot at bribery officials.
Elon Musk responded in Russian to an "unusual invitation" to come to Krasnodar for a business forum
The founder of Tesla and SpaceX, Elon Musk, reacted to the invitation of the organizers of the Krasnodar business forum to attend the event.
The billionaire wrote a comment under one of the posted photos with an "invitation billboard" outside his company's office.
Previously, one of the organizers of the forum "Case for Small" posted a billboard in the Californian city of Hawthorn with the inscription "Kak tebe takoe?", and on the other hand, posted the website welcomeelon.com.
There is also a special QR code, which will help you go to the forum's website and familiarize yourself with all the information.
"The language is well suspended," the inventor wrote in Russian in response to the invitation, teleprogramma.pro reports.
It is not yet known what exactly Musk meant by his response, but many Russians, including forum speakers, are hoping for the billionaire to speak.
Meanwhile, in the program "Evening Urgant" they have already presented in what outfit a billionaire could appear in Krasnodar.
The businessman dressed up in a Cossack outfit and assumed that in Kuban, Musk would present: an electric cup, an electric braid, and an electric saddle for a horse.
The famous land art artist created a portrait of Greta Thunberg
Sooner or later, this was bound to happen.
The image of Greta Thunberg was immortalized by a tractor on the field.
The portrait of the activist was created by the famous land art artist Dario Gambarin.
A 16-year-old schoolgirl from Sweden who suffers from Asperger's syndrome became famous after speaking at a UN assembly.
The activist accused all adults of stealing childhood and dreams from the younger generation, polluting the planet and depriving the future under the pretext of economic development.
Greta is nominated for an alternative Nobel Peace Prize, she may become the youngest winner of it, and the media is constantly calling the schoolgirl the most influential teenager in the world.
US Congress agrees to sell F-35 fighter jets to Poland
Warsaw also plans to receive F-135 engines and related equipment
The United States Congress approved the sale of 32 fifth-generation F-35 fighter-bombers to the Polish side.
This was reported by the Minister of National Defense of the Republic, Mariusz Blaszczak.
According to him, Warsaw will receive not only airplanes, but also 33 turbojet twin-circuit F-135 engines developed by Pratt & Whitney, as well as related equipment.
The starting cost of the contract is 6.5 billion dollars.
"This is one of the last steps before concluding a contract, but it is not the end of our work.
We will do our best to get the best possible price," Blaszczak wrote on his Twitter page.
The website kp.ru wrote that American F-35s would have to replace the Soviet-made MiG-29s and Su-22s in service with Poland.
It is expected that the bilateral deal will increase the security of the republic.
The Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation published a video of the launch of the supersonic missile "Onyx" in Chukotka
The Pacific Fleet's Bastion coastal complex launched the Onyx supersonic cruise missile for the first time.
The video of the launch was published by the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation on Twitter.
As reported by the Zvezda television channel, the flight of the rocket took place in normal mode.
The missile successfully hit the target, which was located in the waters of the Chukotka Sea at a distance of more than 200 km.
About 10 warships, as well as naval aircraft, ensured the safety of the maneuvers.
Technicians and military personnel were taken to the site of the exercise on an amphibious assault ship.
Shooting at a naval target, which was more than 200 kilometers away, completed the calculation
Rospotrebnadzor categorically opposes the return of smokers to airports
Rospotrebnadzor categorically opposes the return of smokers to airports.
"Neither ventilation nor filters, even when combined, can reduce exposure to tobacco smoke to levels deemed acceptable," it said.
Izvestia reported on Friday that the Ministry of Health, by the second reading of the bill, has developed amendments, according to which it is proposed to equip two smokers per airport.
Expert told why it's worth giving up tea in bags
A team of scientists from Canada, representing McGill University, found that more than ten billion microplastic particles get into a cup in five minutes when brewing a bag of tea.
Particles of sawdust can also be added to the packaged drink, food safety expert Elizaveta Tikhonova told Nation News.
According to the agronomist, the consumer cannot get reliable information about the composition of the packaged tea - the manufacturer can add there ingredients that will not be specified on the package.
The sawdust is not thrown away at the end of the season, so they may end up in tea.
"Moreover, tea plants are not always included in bags," Tikhonova said.
According to her, it is better to abandon the use of such a drink in favor of tea by weight, which is sold in specialty stores.
In addition, she stressed that the danger of packaged tea lies not only in the composition, but also in the method of its production - the microparticles are heated to high temperatures, which is why they can begin to emit harmful substances.
"It is best to buy pure green or black tea - such a drink will have the least additives", the expert pointed out.
Problems of Arctic exploration to be discussed at international conference in Norilsk
Problems of Arctic exploration will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk.
The Norilsk Development Agency and the Taimyr Research Club organized the forum, reports STRK Krasnoyarsk.
The reports were brought by scientists from Russian cities - Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Salekhard, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk, Dudinka.
Foreign visitors came from Holland and Canada.
One of the central themes of the forum is how to develop an urban environment in the Arctic and at the same time not harm nature.
Guests of the forum will also be able to visit interactive platforms at the Norilsk State Industrial Institute.
And movie lovers are waiting at the Homeland cinema: there will be screenings of popular science films about the Arctic region.
At creative meetings, travelers and scientists will talk about their experiences with the Arctic.
The forum will last for three days.
The festival of northern walking will take place in Ulyanovsk
Residents of Ulyanovsk region will take part in the festival of northern walking.
The mass start will take place in the park "Pribrezhny".
Teams from different cities and districts of the Ulyanovsk region, who won in the municipal stages, will take part in the festival.
They mainly consist of residents of the region over 50 years old.
The project is designed to attract the older generation to active pastimes, reports 1ul.ru.
The city stage of the festival took place on September 7 at once in six parks.
Participants had to overcome the northern walking distance of 3 km.
The winner was determined by the sum of the years of the participants in the team.
The regional festival will take place on September 28.
Regions were invited to share business support secrets
As it became known to Parlamentskaya Gazeta, on September 27, the Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy, Andrei Kutepov, sent a letter to the Minister of Economic Development, Maksim Oreshkin, and to the Minister of Finance, Anton Siluanov, with a proposal to express a position on the initiatives of the constituent entities of the Federation to improve legislation in the area of support of small and medium-sized businesses (SMEs).
It's time to establish interregional ties
The Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy summarized information received from the regions about existing business development and legalization programs for the self-employed, as well as the results of such programs.
In their letters, the regions told senators about the problems of the development of SMEs and sent proposals to improve existing legislation.
"Currently, communication between the regions is insufficiently established, as a result of which the business community in all regions of the visit by senators identified the issue of the lack of information about regional programs for the development of entrepreneurship in the whole country", Andrei Kutepov stated.
In an appendix to the letter, which was sent to the Government, he presented a set of positive developments of the regions on the legalization of self-employment and summary data from the regions with suggestions and problems (available at the disposal of the editorial board).
In addition to the relevant ministries, consolidated data from the regions were also sent to the heads of regional executive bodies.
The exchange of information on positively implemented developments in the regions could give an impetus to the development of entrepreneurship as a whole.
The first step toward such an exchange will be the direction of information available to the Economic Policy Committee," the senator told Parlamentskaya Gazeta.
Useful experience
Today, programs to support small and medium-sized businesses have been adopted and are successfully operating in many regions of the country.
For example, in Vologda region, there is an Entrepreneurship Support Centre, which, in addition to financial support measures, assists businessmen in certifying finished products.
A business support system has been developed in Ivanovo region, providing for the implementation of the principle of a single window through multifunctional centres.
In Krasnodar Krai, start-up agricultural consumer cooperatives are provided with grants at the expense of the regional budget.
There is a cluster development centre in Oryol region.
Amur region, within the framework of the federal project "The acceleration of small and medium-sized businesses", provides for the possibility of subsidizing business incubators created on the basis of existing non-state co-working centers, at the expense of the federal budget.
And in a number of other regions, special support measures are being taken for youth entrepreneurship.
The self-employed continue to be led out of the shadows
According to regional authorities, in order to support small and medium-sized businesses more effectively, a number of changes to existing legislation should be introduced.
For example, Arkhangelsk Oblast proposed replacing the term "self-employment" with "entrepreneurial activity," since this "is most consistent with the content of the public service to promote self-employment of unemployed citizens."
In Ivanovo region, it is considered necessary to introduce amendments providing for the expansion of the list of activities provided by self-employed citizens, including activities for the decoration and repair of residential buildings, holiday homes, and the conduct of physical training classes.
Bryansk Oblast considers it important to strengthen control over unscrupulous dairy producers using the Mercury veterinary system.
And in Kostroma and Magadan regions, they are advocating the consolidation of the concept of "social entrepreneurship" and areas of support for social entrepreneurship in the regulatory and legal field.
All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state programs to support small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important ones will receive development in the form of specific bills.
"All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state programs to support small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important ones will receive development in the form of specific bills", Andrei Kutepov assured.
Airline helped passengers avoid neighborhood with crying children
Japan Airlines (JAL) has launched a new feature: when booking seats on a plane, you can now find out where young children will sit.
Now, if you want a neighborhood with them, you can avoid them.
Passengers of Japan Airlines (JAL) were given the opportunity to take advantage of the new option and avoid unwanted neighborhoods with young children.
The carrier has launched a feature that allows you to track where children will sit.
When choosing seats in the cabin during ticket booking, passengers will be able to see an image of a child's head on the ground, which is occupied by children aged between eight days and two years.
Thus, those who do not want to fly near the babies because of the possible inconvenience associated with their crying, can get as far away from them as possible.
Internet users who use the airline's services were delighted by the innovation.
Some of them thanked the carrier, noting that other airlines should do the same.
One user complained that a few weeks ago he was on a flight from New York to Doha, and three crying children were sitting next door to him.
Another commentator suggested introducing "adult-only flights," expressing willingness to pay extra for such a flight.
Many tourists noted that now they will always try to choose Japan Airlines for their travels, because they do not see anything pleasant about flying next to a crying child in an enclosed space.
Previously, a woman traveling with a baby tried to appease fellow passengers on a Seoul-San Francisco flight.
She prepared bags of sweets for each of the 200 passengers, each with a note of apology.
Did Oleg Tabakov’s train appear in the capital’s metro?
If you constantly use the Kaluzhsko-Riga line (as most residents of Konkov do), then a surprise awaits you.
A new themed train, The Great Russian Artist Oleg Tabakov, has been launched in the underground.
Every day, this particular line-up transports 10,000 people.
He walks along the orange line and talks about the director, actor and founder of the "Tabakerka" theatre.
By the way, it is convenient to travel from Konkov to performances that are playing on the new stage of the theater (it is located on Malaya Sukharevskaya Square, near the Sukharevskaya metro station).
As the press service of the Moscow Metro explained to us, “in the exterior design of the thematic train, images of fragments of stained-glass windows of the new scene were used and portraits of Oleg Tabakov were placed in iconic images created by him in the theater, film, and animation”.
The train tells about his family, the play "Matrosskaya Silence", from which the great life of the theatre began, about "Tabakerka" itself, and about the director's work.
Rare archival photographs and film footage can be seen on the walls of the carriages.
Russian gay men with adopted children sought asylum in the U.S.
A same-sex couple of Russians with two adopted children sought asylum in the United States, RIA Novosti reports.
Reportedly, the men left Russia for Ukraine, after which they went to the States, where they applied for asylum.
According to the Stimul group, the basis for such actions of the family was "the continued interest of law enforcement agencies."
Reportedly, the men do not plan to return to Russia.
Children from the beginning of the school year study in an American school and adapt to the new conditions.
Let us recall that earlier it was reported that a case had been initiated against employees of the social protection department of the Marino district because of the adoption of two young boys by a same-sex family.
At the same time, the HRC stated that the education of children by a same-sex couple should not in itself become an excuse to initiate a case.
A press conference of the Moscow Art Theatre’s project “Sezon Stikhov Third Stage. Poetry” will take place in the press center of the Izvestia MIC.
On October 3, at 11:00 a.m., a press conference will be held at the press center of the Izvestia MIC: The launch of the project "SESON STICHOV: Third Stage. Poetry" at the M. Gorky Moscow Art Theatre.
Eduard Boyakov, artistic director of the M. Gorky Moscow Art Theatre, director of the project.
Ivan Kupreyanov, poet, producer of the project.
Dmitry Vodennikov, poet.
Irina Lindt, theatre and film actress.
Aleksei Shmelev, poet.
In the new season, the third stage of the M. Gorky Moscow Art Theater will become the territory of total poetry.
As part of the extensive programme, performances based on poems by the main poets of our time will be shown.
The project team will create for the audience a unique poetic world of poems, music and multimedia images.
The artistic director of the Moscow Art Theatre, Eduard Boyakov, and the project’s curator, poet, and producer, Ivan Kupreyanov, will present the first and only theatrical anthology of contemporary fine literature to date: the project “SESON STICHOV: Third Stage. Poetry”.
The season opens on October 5 at 7:00 p.m. on the third stage of the M. Gorky Moscow Art Theater with a performance by the legendary poet, each performance of which becomes a significant event for connoisseurs of fine literature, Dmitry Vodennikov.
The performances will take place in October and November.
Each performance is its own author, curator and actor.
Artists from the Moscow Art Theater and guest stars will take part in the performances: Irina Lindt, Agnia Kuznetsova, Olga Kabo, Alisa Grebenshchikova.
The musical concept of the project is Sergei Letov.
The curators of the performances will be Pavel Kryuchkov, Maria Golovanivskaya, Eduard Boyakov, Ivan Kupreyanov, and others.
The project is being implemented with the support of the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation.
Pavel Ustinov joins pickets in support of figures in the "Moscow affair"
Actor Pavel Ustinov joined the series of single pickets "Freedom for All", which take place on Friday outside the Presidential Administration building on Staraya Square in Moscow, reports a correspondent for Interfax.
A series of pickets began on September 18 in support of Ustinov himself and has continued every day since.
Currently, the participants of the action, replacing each other, stand holding a poster with the inscription "Freedom for all" and the surnames of the convicted and arrested after the uncoordinated rallies in Moscow in the summer of 2019.
In addition to Ustinov, the poster bears the names of Egor Zhukov, Kirill Zhukov, Danil Beglets, Evgeny Kovalenko, Konstantin Kotov, Ivan Podkopaev, Aidar Gubaidulin, Aleksey Minyailo, Sergei Fomin, Samariddin Radzhabov, Nikita Chirtsov, Eduard Malyshevsky, Vladislav Sinitsa.
On September 16, the Tverskoy Court of Moscow sentenced 24-year-old Ustinov to 3.5 years in a general regime penal colony on charges of using violence against a member of the OMON of the Russian Guards at an uncoordinated action on August 3 in the center of Moscow (Part 2 of Article 318 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation).
After this, on September 20, at the request of the Prosecutor General's Office, the court changed Ustinova's preventive measure from detention to a travel ban.
For example, the petition for Ustinov's release collected more than 112,000 signatures in a day.
Theatre and film artists have started a flash mob in support of a colleague.
A line was lined up to take part in a solitary picket in solidarity with the actor on September 18 in the Old Square.
Human rights activists, journalists, scientists, teachers, doctors, and Orthodox priests demanded a review of the case.
As Ustinov's sister Yulia told Interfax, her brother does not plan to speak at a rally on September 29 in the capital in support of the figures in the "Moscow affair".
Deliveries of "sanctions" to Russia have fallen 100-fold
The Government of the Russian Federation has calculated that the supply of agricultural products and foodstuffs to Russia from countries subject to the Russian food embargo has decreased by more than 100 times since 2013.
According to a report sent to Russian President Vladimir Putin, in the first half of 2019, 31 thousand tons of products were imported from sanctioned countries against 3 million 442.2 thousand tons for the same period in 2013, Interfax reports.
At the same time, the cost of imported goods decreased to 226.5 million from $4 billion 975.5 million, respectively.
We are talking about the supply of goods that did not fall under the embargo.
As the report points out, the dropped volumes of prohibited goods were offset by an increase in imports from the CIS countries, Africa, Southeast Asia, and Serbia.
To recall, at the end of August, the government extended until 31 December 2020 the validity of the rules for the destruction of agricultural products, raw materials, and foodstuffs, which are prohibited from entering Russia as part of counter-sanctions.
The document, posted on the official portal of legal information, noted that the validity period of the rules has been extended for another year - from 31 December 2019 to 31 December 2020.
Initially, the sanctions removal order applied to products from the United States, the EU, Australia, Norway, and Canada.
Later, starting on 13 August 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland, and Liechtenstein "joined" this list, and starting on 1 January 2016 Ukraine.
The decree signed by Putin on the destruction of “sanctions” illegally imported into the country (products subject to a food embargo imposed by Moscow in response to anti-Russian Western sanctions) came into force in 2015.
In turn, the government allowed the destruction of "sanctioned" foodstuffs by any legal means.
As Western sanctions continue, the Russian Federation has also extended its retaliatory measures.
Moreover, this measure does not apply to products that citizens import for personal use.
The ban does not apply to the import of goods for personal consumption weighing up to 5 kilograms.
However, the head of the Presidential Council for the Development of Civil Society and Human Rights, Mikhail Fedotov, previously called the destruction of foodstuffs “simply immoral”, and this, according to him, has a negative impact on the education of people.
Moreover, at the beginning of June, Rospotrebnadzor came up with an initiative to ban the destruction of foodstuffs suitable for consumption.
After that, the Human Rights Council under the President of the Russian Federation made a similar recommendation to the government.
And Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation Aleksei Gordeev stated that it is wrong to destroy foodstuffs, and it is necessary to think about how to use them for their intended purpose, assessing the quality.
Firm boss found guilty of tax evasion
By the verdict of the Leninsky District Court of the city of Cheboksary, the director of OOO Land and Law, Vyacheslav Morozov, was found guilty of committing crimes stipulated in paragraph "b" of part 2 of Article 199 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (tax evasion from an organization by including knowingly false information in a tax declaration, committed on a particularly large scale), and part 2 of Article 327 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (forgery of an official document granting rights and exempting it for purposes).
This is reported by the press service of the Investigative Directorate of the Investigative Committee for Chuvashia.
From January 2008 to December 2009, Vyacheslav Morozov entered information about imperfect transactions into the tax accounting documents of the LLC.
According to the fictitious documents, the company incurred additional costs, and, consequently, the amount of value-added and profit taxes payable to the organization was reduced to 11.2 million roubles.
Vyacheslav Morozov was given a suspended sentence of 3.5 years imprisonment.
By 2023, the first school of the new format will open in the center of the capital
A new school will be opened in Khamovniki.
According to the head of Moskomstroyinvest, Anastasia Pyatova, all conditions will be created there for the self-realization and development of children’s talents.
The educational institution decided to call it "New Look".
This project will be supervised by the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Foundation for Economic Development of Higher School.
They plan to start designing the building with an area of about 10,000 "squares" as early as next year.
Construction will be completed at the end of 2022, and the next year the first pupils will begin to be recruited.
"The project provides for the creation of a public, non-profit educational space, which will be based on the traditions of the classic Moscow school and experimental methods", the press service of Moskomstroyinvest noted.
Chile has begun to build a telescope worth 1 billion euros
TASS reports this with reference to the press service of the European Southern Observatory (ESO).
Construction of the dome of the building, where the E-ELT telescope (European Extremely Large Telescope) will be located, has officially begun this week, ESO reports, so far the most expensive and ambitious ground-based astronomical project.
Its total value, according to ESO estimates, will exceed a billion euros.
Most of this money will be spent on the manufacture of equipment and the construction of the observatory building.
The telescope's most expensive and complex component is its record-breakingly large mirror, which will have a diameter of around 39 metres.
It will be assembled from 798 hexagonal segments measuring 1.4 metres.
This huge mirror, as well as two auxiliary reflective surfaces with diameters of 4.2 and 3.75 meters, will help E-ELT obtain the first detailed photographs of planets outside the solar system, stars in other galaxies, and search for Earth's twins.
In addition, scientists will try to use this observatory to observe the neighborhood of Sgr A*, a supermassive black hole in the center of the Milky Way.
Despite the fact that the construction of the dome has only just begun, scientists, engineers and other specialists have been developing mirrors, scientific instruments and other components of the observatory for three years - since the announcement of the first plans for the construction of the E-ELT.
The contract for the production of the main mirror, whose total cost was around 400 million euros, was awarded to the German company SCHOTT and the French company Safran Reosc.
