In CAR, three people were killed when a UN helicopter crashed
Three people were killed and another injured in the crash of a helicopter Of the armed forces of Senegal, carrying out an operation under the leadership of the UN peacekeeping mission, in the city of Bouar in the Western CAR.
This was reported on Friday by the portal DakarActu with reference to the Senegalese army.
The head of the mission, Mankeur Ndiaye, confirmed the information about the crash, noting that the helicopter crash occurred at the moment of landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter was returning from an operation to combat armed groups.
The Senegalese army said it was in contact with the UN to evacuate the victim and the bodies of the victims.
The coordinator of the Arkhangelsk headquarters Navalny was sentenced to community service
In the Oktyabrsky district court of Arkhangelsk, the verdict was announced to the coordinator of the regional headquarters of Alexey Navalny, Andrey Borovikov.
For repeated violations of the rules of holding rallies (article 212.1 of the criminal code, the so-called dadinskaya article), the court appointed him 400 hours of mandatory work, according to a correspondent of "Kommersant" from the courtroom.
The case was initiated in April this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a garbage landfill in the Arkhangelsk region.
The first under article 212.1 of the criminal code of the Russian Federation in 2015, the activist Ildar Dadin was sentenced to three years in prison.
On the eve of the verdict, on September 26, the court held a debate of the parties.
The prosecution insisted on forced labor for a period of three years.
A measure of restraint was imposed on me in the form of restriction of freedom, which means that I cannot attend public mass events and cannot communicate with the organizers of the protest action on April 7.
"All this time I was wearing an electronic bracelet and a base.
That's how they tracked my location.
I will note that I was not restricted in my movements.
I recently arrived from Moscow, where I was trained, " said Andrey Borovikov.
After the verdict was announced, the coordinator of Navalny's regional headquarters said that He would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26, a member of the Communist party Sergei Shargunov introduced a bill to the state Duma that softens article 212.1 of the criminal code.
Representatives of the Communist party, LDPR and SR informed Kommersant of their intention to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: "Everyone at Rubin needs to think about the reasons for unsuccessful matches."
Rubin midfielder Pavel Mogilevets told about the reasons for the team's poor performance.
Kazan suffered four consecutive defeats in the Russian championship, as well as being eliminated from the Cup.
We tune into every game, - quote "Izvestia" of God.
Therefore, each of us should think about the reasons for such unsuccessful matches.
There are still meetings ahead - we need to prepare for them and correct the situation.
How?
If we knew, we probably would have fixed it by now.
But first of all, I think we need to add to this component, such as martial arts.
In my opinion, we have problems with this.
The Kremlin supports a ban on Smoking on the balconies of residential buildings
The Kremlin supports any measures that will save lives, said presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov, commenting on the ban on Smoking on balconies and loggias of apartments.
Earlier, the Cabinet approved changes To the rules of fire protection, according to which it is forbidden to use open fire on the balconies and rooms of residential buildings.
Later, the EMERCOM of Russia reported that it is, among other things, a ban on Smoking on the balconies and loggias of apartments and hotels.
The changes will take effect on October 1, 2019.
Administrative responsibility is provided for violations.
In the Kremlin have a positive attitude to any solutions that help to save lives.
"We know how many fires occur, many of them have very tragic consequences and public resonance.
Therefore, any life saved justifies such decisions, " Peskov said.
First of all, the press Secretary assesses this as a fire prevention measure, and not a way to protect neighbors from tobacco smoke.
Peskov also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome Smoking and is a supporter of a healthy lifestyle.
Gattuso is looking for a job in one of the Russian clubs
Italian football coach Gennaro Gattuso arrived in Russia to search for a new club.
According to "championship", the 41-year-old specialist flew to Moscow to study the possibility of finding a job in a Russian club.
Gattuso's previous job was at AC Milan, which he managed from 2017 to 2018, and which under his leadership finished fifth in the Italian Serie A standings and failed to reach the Champions League.
As a coach, he has also worked for Sion in Switzerland, OFI in Greece, and Palermo and Pisa in Italy.
Earlier it was reported that Pavel Mamayev's negotiations with Dynamo are under threat of failure.
The former coach of "Milan" arrived in Moscow to head the Russian club
Former Italian national team player and former AC Milan head coach Gennaro Gattuso has flown to Moscow to take charge of the Russian club.
Gattuso is the 2006 world champion with the Italian national team.
At club level, he was known for playing for Milan, with whom he won the UEFA Champions League twice in 2003 and 2007.
The Italian started his coaching career in Sion.
For the past two seasons, Gennaro has been in charge of the Rossoneri.
Earlier it was reported that the football player of the capital CSKA Konstantin Kuchaev spoke out against the introduction of VAR.
Secretary of the national security Council of Ukraine has resigned
Secretary of the national security and defense Council (NSDC) of Ukraine Alexander Danilyuk wrote a letter of resignation, according to the office of the President of the country.
This was done before the start of Vladimir Zelensky's working visit to the United States to participate in the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
"The President will consider it on his return to Kiev," Mr. Zelensky's office said.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree on the appointment of former Finance Minister Alexander Danilyuk as Secretary of the national security Council in late may.
In this post, Mr. Danilyuk replaced Alexander Turchinov, who resigned due to the change of the President.
Palkina is ninth in world Cup qualification.
Russia's Sofia Palkina finished ninth in the hammer throw qualifiers in group A at the world Championships in Doha.
Its result is 68.53 meters.
The final will feature four athletes who have crossed the 72-meter mark.
They are Polish Joanna Fedorov (73.39 m), Ukrainian Irina klimets (72.93 m), French Alexandra Tavernier (72.91 m) and Belarusian Anna Malyshik (72.59 m).
The top 12 athletes from two groups will compete in the final.
Palkina's participation in the fight for medals will become known after the performance of athletes from group B.
Kvyat's car failed during the first practice in Sochi
Russian Toro Rosso driver Daniil Kvyat had to finish his first free practice of the Russian Formula 1 Grand Prix ahead of schedule.
The Russian's car lost power and the driver could not get to the boxes.
Kvyat parked the car in one of the security zones.
Before retiring from the race, the Toro Rosso driver was in fifth position.
It is expected that the second free practice will take place today, September 27, at 15:00 Moscow time at the Sochi Autodrom.
Earlier it was reported that Kvyat shared expectations from the Sochi Grand Prix.
China strongly opposes the adoption of the US " Taipei bill"
China strongly opposes the us adoption of the so-called "Taipei bill", which seriously violates the one-China principle and the principles of the three Chinese-American joint communiques.
This was stated on Friday by the official representative of the Office of the state Council of China for Taiwan Affairs MA Xiaoguang.
The approval by the us Senate Committee on foreign relations of this bill is also a serious violation of international law and the basic principles of international relations and gross interference in China's internal Affairs, mA Xiaoguang said.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues relate to China's internal Affairs.
"We call on the American side to clarify the situation, immediately stop promoting relevant negative bills, and immediately stop interfering in the Taiwan issue in order to avoid further damage to Chinese-American relations, as well as peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," he said.
China must and will be reunited.
This historical trend cannot be stopped by anyone and no forces, mA Xiaoguang stressed.
TikTok hides unwanted videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of whom are under the age of 18
Imagine China / Reuters
Chinese social network TikTok censors videos that mention Tiananmen square, the independence of Tibet or the banned religious group Falun Gong, the Guardian reports.
In the documents that appeared in the publication, it is told that the owner of TikTok (bytedance company) uses the app to promote the goals of China's foreign policy abroad.
Most of the violations related to Chinese policy fall under the category of"hate speech".
In each case, TikTok places objectionable posts in a context that fits the General rules, so that the actions of the social network do not look like censorship.
For example, the ban on criticizing China's socialist system falls under the General ban on " criticizing or attacking the policies and social rules of any country, such as the constitutional monarchy, parliamentary system, etc.".
The ban on mentioning incidents in Tiananmen square or the genocide in Cambodia falls under the "distortion of the history of China or other countries".
The document also lists the banned names of twenty "foreign leaders or statesmen", including North Korean leaders Kim Jong Il, Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong UN, Indian politician Mahatma Gandhi, American presidents Donald trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Geun-Hee, Indonesian President Joko Widodo and Indian Prime Minister Narendra modi, the document said.
Prohibited material is divided into two categories, the document says.
Posts from the first category are deleted by social network administrators and may result in the user being blocked.
Non-strict violations fall into the second category: such publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited by TikTok algorithms.
Representatives of ByteDance told The Guardian that these rules are outdated and no longer apply: "Now we use a localized approach for moderation, as well as attracting independent local specialists."
Russian TikTok users do not have specific restrictions on publishing, says Rustem Bogdanov, co-founder of the Production center.
Producer center is one of the Russian media companies that officially cooperates with TikTok.
All advertising materials of bloggers "Producer center" agrees with representatives of the social network, but user materials can be placed without approval, reports Bogdanov.
When asked whether it is possible to speak about politics or Putin in TikTok, Bogdanov answers in the affirmative and says that he has seen similar publications.
Roman Zaripov, the founder of Our Didgital Agency, agrees with Bogdanov: "the Main rules for TikTok users are listed in the user agreement: you can not post shocking content, discriminatory statements, and so on."
But under these rules, you can bring any content that moderators do not like, Zaripov notes.
Zaripov Agency is another Russian partner of TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of whom are under the age of 18.
According to the user agreement, only persons over the age of 13 can use TikTok.
Administrators of the social network check their age using artificial intelligence: the neural network analyzes faces and determines how old a person looks, says Bogdanov.
If the neural network decides that the user is younger, their account can be deleted, he adds.
According to RBC, in September 2019, ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of WeWork coworking.
residents of Istanbul told about the earthquake in the city
Strong earthquake causes panic in Turkey's largest city
Last Thursday, September 26, an earthquake with a magnitude of 5.9 occurred in Istanbul.
34 people were injured, ten of them are still in hospitals.
Melike, a resident of Istanbul, admitted that she had a panic attack for the first time in her life.
"I cried so much.
Sobbing right in the workplace.
Later it became easier, and I went back to business.
But I am so ashamed now!", - the girl told the TV channel "360".
"There was a really strong earthquake in Istanbul
I can't go back yet!
But in General, I am fine, " political scientist Ceylan Ozgul shared his impressions.
Project Manager Celine noted that the mayor keeps all residents informed, but, according to her, citizens still feel small tremors of about 3.2 or 3.5 magnitude.
She also drew attention to the problem with communication immediately after the earthquake.
Chewie said she couldn't reach her mother, but the Internet was working "perfectly" and she was able to send a message via WhatsApp.
As the site wrote kp.ru, after the earthquake, all kindergartens and schools were closed, and all students were evacuated.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of powerful aftershocks was recorded 68 kilometers West of Istanbul, in the Marmara sea.
Matthews met with Toronto's management.
Toronto forward Auston Matthews held a meeting with the club's management.
It discussed the case in which Matthews is accused of disorderly conduct.
Everything went well, " TSN quotes the player as saying.
Of course, I made a mistake.
I take full responsibility for my actions.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And we discussed with the club how to act in this situation.
I believe that nothing has gone wrong in our relations.
Roszdravnadzor reported on the results of the check on the fact of amputation of the child's hand
A child in the Rostov region had his hand amputated due to a mistake by doctors, reports "Vzglyad" with reference to the website of the territorial body of Roszdravnadzor.
An 11-year-old boy broke his arm, after which he was put in a cast at the Zernogradsky district hospital.
After some time, the child developed gangrene and was amputated.
As a result of the check, it turned out that there were violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis, as well as the standard and volume of care provided.
The verification materials were sent to the SU IC of Russia for the region.
Previously, URA.RU reported that the chief doctor of the Yuzhnouralsk city hospital was arrested.
Russians were warned about fake calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from fraudsters who substitute the Bank's phone number has increased.
This is reported by Kommersant with reference to data from the Central Bank.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator handed over information to Telecom operators about more than 2.5 thousand numbers from which customers of various financial organizations called.
In 189 cases, operators detected a number substitution.
Another 218 numbers were blocked, and in 59 cases, restrictions were placed on the use of financial services.
Artem Sychev, the Deputy head of the Central Bank's information security Department, said that a wide range of Russian banks were faced with number substitution.
He explained that operators do not always respond to warnings from the Central Bank about fraudulent calls, referring to the absence of such a duty in the law "on communications".
OTKRITIE Bank, ROSBANK and Alfa-Bank confirmed information about an increase in the number of fraudulent calls with number substitution.
As reported in the press service of "Beeline", part of the information about fraudulent calls, which was transmitted by the Central Bank, was incorrect: the lists included numbers that are actually used by banks to communicate with customers.
Blocking them would lead to failures in the work of the organization.
Artem Sychev said that the Central Bank plans to create a database of fraudsters ' numbers, which the Telecom operator will contact every time they call to check the number.
He explained that to create such a base, it will be necessary to amend the legislation.
Trade talks between the US and China will resume on October 10 in Washington
A new round of trade talks between the United States and China will be held in Washington on October 10, CNBC reported.
According to his sources, the Chinese delegation will be headed by Vice Premier of the state Council of China Liu he.
Note that the last round of trade talks between the US and China was held in Shanghai at the end of July, but the parties were unable to make progress.
The new mutual duties of the US and China came into force on September 1.
Earlier, US President Donald trump said that Washington and Beijing can reach a trade agreement earlier than expected.
The state Duma will check for violations of the law "Voice of America", "Medusa" and " BBC"
The state Duma Commission to investigate foreign interference in Russia's internal Affairs will conduct checks on certain media outlets for violations of Russian law.
This is reported by Interfax with reference to the head of the Commission Vasily Piskarev.
Medusa, MBH Media, Voice of America, Present time, Radio Liberty, and the BBC Russian service came to the attention of the Commission.
Earlier, it was reported about the planned checks of Google and Facebook services.
Piskarev also said that he will ask the foreign Ministry to make a decision on further accreditation of the German Deutsche Welle, in whose publications the Commission found signs of justifying extremism.
In September, Roskomnadzor revealed political ads on Google, Facebook and Youtube.
According to the Agency, this happened during the Russian elections on September 8.
The facts of violations were passed to the state Duma Commission.
Google later said that the company supports responsible political advertising.
According to employees, it must comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook noted that advertisers, not the platform, should be responsible for compliance with Russian election legislation.
Alexander Zharov, the head of Roskomnadzor, accused the companies of applying double standards when placing political ads.
Stoltenberg discussed Ukraine's accession to NATO with Zelensky
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky discussed Ukraine's membership in the Alliance on the sidelines of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The Secretary General said this during a speech at Columbia University in new York.
Answering the question whether the relevant topic was raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg said that they did discuss this issue, and also stressed that in his response, he did not name the date of Ukraine's accession to NATO.
According to him, any country that would like to join the North Atlantic Alliance must meet certain conditions in order to meet specific standards, RT writes.
In Crimea, Zelensky was offered an alternative to the course in NATO
President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky instead of a course for joining NATO should be engaged in establishing good-neighborly relations with Russia.
This was announced on Friday, September 27, by the co-Chairman of the Assembly of Slavic peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrynets.
"The pan President of Ukraine should not repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but should listen to the advice of [US President] Donald trump, which he listened to with a sour face, and establish relations with the President of Russia," Chegrynets told RIA Novosti.
Chegrinets said that Zelensky is a good actor, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian President will be able to stay in power only if relations with the Russian Federation are established.
Earlier on September 27, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that he had a conversation with Zelensky on the topic of the country's entry into the Alliance.
According to him, for this purpose, Ukraine must meet certain conditions.
On June 5, the Deputy of the Rada Yevgeny Balitsky said that the possible entry of Ukraine into the Alliance does not guarantee improvement of life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
Barcelona blackmails Neymar
Spanish " Barcelona "and its former Brazilian footballer Neymar are trying to settle a financial dispute that arose after the striker's transfer to French"Paris Saint-Germain".
The case almost went to court, but the Catalans offered the player to resolve the dispute without the intervention of Themis.
Otherwise, they refuse to return.
Neymar and his clever father, who is also an agent of the Brazilian, started an interesting trick: according to the agreement with Barca, which the player signed in 2016, he was supposed to receive 40 million euros.
However, just a year later, the forward ended up at PSG for a record 222 million euros.
However, he received 22 million from the Catalans and now wants to take the remaining 18.
Moreover, the Brazilian's lawyers insist that the club also owes him interest for late payment.
When the capital of Catalonia became aware of the claims of Neymar, Barcelona sent a counter-claim.
"Blue-garnet" insist that the bonus was based on the performance of the entire contract - from 2016 to 2022.
Accordingly, the club believes that the player was entitled to only a quarter of 40 million euros and require a refund of the proportional part of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer Neymar and Barca almost agreed to return the "prodigal" player to the bosom of Catalonia.
However, the deal fell through, but there is still hope for a return transfer of the forward.
And here, as reported by sports.Ru with reference to insiders, the club's lawyers told the player's representatives that if the issue of financial claims is not settled in a pre-trial order, it will exclude the possibility of returning the Brazilian.
Neymar himself wants to return so much that he asked for guarantees that the Catalans will buy him back.
March Laar: EKRE members will not be included in the Board of The Bank of Estonia
EKRE members were not and will not be invited to the Council.
The composition of the Board of the Bank of Estonia makes conclusions about trust in the Estonian state.
As long as there is such behavior among EKRE members that they first speak and then think, none of THEM will be invited to the Bank's Board.
"The Chairman of the Board of the Bank of Estonia cannot apologize for the statements of the Board members," Laar said in an interview with Delfi, according to the ERR broadcasting portal.
At the same time, Laar noted that EKRE is represented at the meetings of the Board of Eesti Pank.
The current seventh Board of the Bank of Estonia includes, in addition to Laar, Liina tynisson, Kaye Kerem, Urmas Varblane, Kalev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (reform Party), Ann Listra and rein minka.
At Laar's suggestion, two members of the Council, Kallo and tynisson, should be replaced, with Enna Eesmaa (Centre party) and Ivari padara (Social democratic party) offering to replace Laar.
At the same time, the reform Party wanted Andres Sutti to join the Council instead of Jaanus Tamkivi.
But Laar replied that the goal of the reform Party was to get two seats on the Board of the Bank of Estonia - so that in addition to Jaanus Tamkivi, Andres Sutti would also be on the Board.
On Tuesday, September 24, the Riigikogu rejected Laar's proposal to appoint new members of the Board of the Bank of Estonia.
The Russian foreign Ministry commented on the scandal in Kyrgyzstan with the Malakhov show
The Russian foreign Ministry commented on the situation with indignation, which was caused in Kyrgyzstan by the next release of Andrey Malakhov's program "Live broadcast", RIA Novosti reports.
Earlier, the Russian diplomat was summoned to the Kyrgyz foreign Ministry after the broadcast of the program.
The Ministry of foreign Affairs of the Republic believes that the presenter made incorrect statements about the situation around a citizen of Kyrgyzstan, Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant in an accident in which Russian Alexander Marugov was killed.
Malakhov said that a citizen of Kyrgyzstan could have faked the accident.
The accident happened on July 8 in Moscow.
Murugov crashed into a motorcycle taxi, which was ruled by Akbar.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is the culprit of the accident.
Malakhov himself, who was asked to apologize by Kyrgyz citizens, said that these words were just a personal opinion.
As explained in the Russian diplomatic service, the Kyrgyz foreign Ministry did not call Russian diplomats - there was a planned working visit, during which, among other issues, the statements of the TV presenter were discussed.
"Andrey Malakhov's point of view is the opinion of a journalist, his personal view of the situation," the foreign Ministry said, answering that this incident will not affect interstate relations between Russia and Kyrgyzstan.
Figure skaters Artemieva and Nazarychev won the Junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb
Russian figure skaters Yulia Artemyeva and Mikhail Nazarychev won gold in the sports pairs competition at the Junior Grand Prix held in Zagreb, TASS writes.
Artemieva and Nazarychev received 179.83 points for the short and free programs.
In second place with a score of 177.58 points was another Russian pair - Diana mukhametzyanova and Ilya Mironov, the bronze went to the Germans Annika Hoke and Robert Kunkel (156.31 points).
Russian pair Anna Shcheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of the stage in Zagreb advanced to the Junior Grand Prix final.
It will be held in Turin from 5 to 8 December.
Later on September 27, the free program will be shown to young men in single skating.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28.
On September 21, Russian figure skater Alexandra Trusova set new world records in the free skate and total points at a tournament in Slovakia.
The judges rated her free skate at 163.78 points, and the short program at 74.91 points.
For a 15-year-old athlete, these competitions were the first at the adult level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only made in Belarus
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only made in Belarus.
Lukashenko visited one of the local cosmetics manufacturing enterprises in Minsk today.
He said that imported cosmetics are no better than Belarusian ones, and the advantage of domestic products is that they are made from local raw materials.
"We must use our own," the Belarusian leader said.
Alexander Lukashenko stated the need to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the Belarusian leader advised local sugar processors to find new markets for their products.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exports to Russia and "not to suffer".
The situation with sugar exports has worsened due to an excess of the product in the sales markets, - RBC reminds.
This also applied to Russia, where the excess sugar cost 50 kopecks per kilogram less than in Belarus.
In Domodedovo, a truck hit a seven-year-old girl to death on the crossing
The driver hit a mother and child at a pedestrian crossing in Domodedovo, said" Interfax " head of the press service of the Ministry of internal Affairs of Russia in the Moscow region Tatyana Petrova.
As told by Petrova, the incident occurred on Friday at 08: 25 on Gagarin street.
A mother and daughter were hit by a resident of Domodedovo, born in 1994, driving a GAZ truck.
As a result of the accident, a seven-year-old child was killed on the spot, and a woman was hospitalized.
"A criminal case has been opened against the driver under part 3 of article 264 of the criminal code (violation of traffic rules and vehicle operation, which caused the death of a person by negligence)," the representative of the regional police headquarters said.
The sanction of this article provides for a maximum penalty of up to 5 years ' imprisonment.
Currently, the offender is detained, concluded Petrova.
The former head of the DPR spoke about his work in Russia
Former acting head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk people's Republic (DPR) Dmitry Trapeznikov, who headed the administration of Elista, assessed the state of the city.
The official said this in a comment to the telegram channel "Rise".
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic state.
"We need to level the economy, we need to put an economic hand: here, of course, we need to make roads and outdoor lighting," he said, adding that one of the tasks is to make a comfortable, well - maintained city.
Trapeznikov was offered the post of mayor of Elista by the head of Kalmykia, Batu Hasikov.
The former acting head of the DPR admitted that he has known the head of the region for a long time.
In particular, he repeatedly visited the Republic, where he worked with young people and held sports events.
"And so he turned to me, invited me to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then offered to lead the city," the official added.
Separately, Trapeznikov commented on the information of a source belonging to RBC's Grigory Berezkin, who said that his candidacy to the head of Kalmykia was proposed by presidential aide Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication, "has long been friends" with Hasikov.
"You never know what they write.
And at the level of various fictional stories happens.
I don't think you should pay attention," he added.
The mayor of Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and a DPR passport.
On September 26, he took over the administration of Elista.
Putin and the security Council discussed ensuring security without the INF
The meeting also discussed the settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional Committee
Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed security issues with the Russian Security Council after the termination of the Treaty on intermediate-range and shorter-range missiles, including taking into account the proposal of a number of NATO member countries to impose a moratorium on the deployment of the INF.
This was announced by the press Secretary of the Russian leader Dmitry Peskov.
The Kremlin representative noted that the meeting also discussed current issues of socio-economic development of the country, as well as further prospects for a settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional Committee.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Chairman of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko, Secretary of the security Council Nikolai Patrushev, Director of the FSB Alexander Bortnikov, head of the defense Ministry Sergei Shoigu, Director of the foreign intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin.
As the site wrote kp.ru on September 25, the Russian leader sent a proposal to some member countries of the North Atlantic Alliance to impose a moratorium on the deployment of medium-and shorter-range missiles in Europe.
However almanza Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg called Putin's proposal unrealistic.
A dump truck demolished an overpass on a highway under construction in Crimea
A dump truck with a raised body knocked down two beams of an overpass under construction on the Tavrida highway in Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cab and thus saved his life.
The incident occurred in the morning of September 27 in the Bakhchisaray district of the Peninsula.
The man behind the wheel of a heavy car forgot to lower the body, and when he remembered - it was too late to brake.
The driver jumped out of the cab, and the dump truck at speed crashed into the overpass.
Collapsed beams crushed the cab and blocked the roadway, which, however, is still no traffic.
The amount of damage has yet to be determined, and it is planned to recover it from the subcontractor of the construction of the highway, whose driver caused the accident.
Medvedev congratulated teachers on their professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated teachers and all preschool workers on their professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in a telegram published on the Government's website.
Medvedev noted that the profession of educator is special, requiring great love for their work, wisdom, patience and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you with their child.
And you are doing everything to make the kindergarten a second home for children, where it is cozy, interesting, and safe.
"Together with you, they will learn the world around them, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn independence, the ability to communicate and make friends," the Prime Minister said.
According to the Prime Minister, thanks to the educator, children's character is formed and their abilities are revealed.
Medvedev is sure that the future of children depends on the teacher.
"That is why the development of pre-school education, improving its quality, building modern kindergartens, providing material support for preschool employees are priority tasks of the state social policy, which the national project "Demography" is aimed at solving," the head of Government said.
Rooms in the center of Moscow for rent at the price of an apartment on the outskirts
Despite the reduction in the number of public utilities in Moscow, the demand for them does not fall.
The offer is tightened by the demand due to the room-by-room delivery of apartments.
In the center of Moscow, room rentals are becoming more expensive than in the suburbs, mainly due to high demand.
At the same time, rooms in the center are rented at the price of apartments on the outskirts.
So, in Khamovniki, the average price for renting a room is 28 thousand rubles, according to the research of the portal "World of apartments".
For this money, you can rent a one-room apartment near the MKAD.
On Arbat, rooms are rented for an average of 27.3 thousand rubles, although individual offers can compete with bids not only for one-room apartments, but also for two-room apartments in residential areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are rented in kapotna - the average price tag for the district was 13.6 thousand rubles.
The second place for cheapness in the district of Biryulyovo Zapadnoye (13,8 thousand).
Over 14.1 thousand rooms for rent in Biryulyovo East and Veshnyaki.
The most expensive district outside the Moscow ring road was Solntsevo, where rooms are rented for almost 16 thousand rubles a month.
Rooms in North and South Butovo and Novo-peredelkin will cost a little less.
How to increase your future pension and not overwork
Not only the Pension Fund of the Russian Federation, but also non-state pension funds are able to pay pensions.
NPF is a private company, <url> reports.
They work as a Deposit: you make contributions, the Fund invests them and eventually returns the money to you with interest.
If you are interested in this method, first study the information about the NPF on the website of the Bank of Russia.
All funds operate under the same rules established by Federal laws.
Pension points can be purchased by law.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of experience you do not have enough to calculate your pension.
This method is suitable for those who worked informally.
You can also make a contribution for a relative, such as a stay-at-home wife.
A recommendation for those who are thinking about retirement at the beginning of their career.
The increased amount of pension payments is received by employees of the civil service, doctors, teachers, agricultural workers and people who have worked for a certain number of years in The far North.
In order not to deny yourself anything with the onset of retirement age, take care of it in advance.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, and save money for deposits.
The most important thing is to constantly improve your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth power unit of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant
The video, made in the control room of the fourth power unit at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, appeared on the Internet, and was first published on YouTube by the Ruptly video Agency.
It is noted that a group of 15 media representatives received access to the fourth control room of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant as part of the presentation of a guide to the exclusion zone.
As reported in the telegram channel RT, the journalists were there in special protective suits for less than five minutes, as the ruins of the power unit destroyed by the explosion still emit radiation 40 thousand times higher than normal.
The accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred on the night of April 26, 1986.
12 regions in Ukraine and 23% of the area of Belarus were exposed to radiation pollution.
In Russia, 19 regions were affected.
Recall that in July of this year, Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky signed a decree according to which a green corridor opened to tourists appeared in the Chernobyl zone.
Also, the ban on shooting has been lifted in the exclusion zone.
Earlier it was reported that the exclusion zone of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant was opened for tourists from the Belarusian side.
The organizers of the excursions stressed that during the day in the zone you can get less radiation than during a flight on a plane.
Tarasov repeated Ibragimovich's trick
The former Lokomotiv Moscow midfielder took part in the challenge launched by the Swedish forward of the American Los Angeles galaxy, Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Tarasov posted a video with the trick on his Instagram.
After that, Tarasov called the railway Midfielders Alexey and Anton Miranchuk, rap artist T-Killah, and bloggers from the YouTube channel 2DROTS.
The Swede posted a video with the hashtag #matrixchallenge, in which he holds the ball on his chest, leaning back, and performs hand movements, like the main character of the film "the Matrix" Neo, who in one of the scenes similarly dodged bullets flying at him.
Ibrahimovic offered to repeat the trick to Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba, tennis player Novak Djokovic, Russian UFC champion Khabib Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Raiola, noting them under the record.
Earlier it was reported that the wife of a Ukrainian football player took part in the challenge of ibrahimovich.
Trade between Russia and Slovakia may reach $6 billion by the end of 2019
If there is a positive trend, the trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia may reach 6 billion rubles by the end of 2019, said Slovak economy Minister Peter zhiga.
At a meeting of the intergovernmental Commission on economic, scientific and technical cooperation of the Russian Federation and Slovakia, the Minister noted the growth of trade between the two countries.
At the end of last year, it was 13 percent, and the figure of 5.5 billion dollars was reached.
During the first half of 2019, the States reached $ 3 billion in mutual trade, zhiga said.
According to the head of the Ministry of industry and trade Denis Manturov, to consolidate this positive trend, it is necessary to increase cooperation in the industrial sector.
Earlier it became known that the parliamentarians of Russia and Slovakia are going to hold joint events on the development of tourism between the countries, as well as cooperation in the field of health and education.
TNT decided that the rapper Goof is not good enough for the show " the Bachelor"
The Network for several days condemned, and whether the rapper Guf is worthy to be the new "Bachelor".
They also recalled his numerous infidelities and adventures with escorts, and even decided that this way the musician wants to rehabilitate himself for the scandalous clip "Moscow", which received a record number of dislikes from listeners.
But the entire management of the TNT channel decided to stop all gossip at once.
Goof will not be a new contestant on the Bachelor.
In an official statement, the press service said that he was considered for this role, but in the end, another candidate was chosen.
Who could be better than Goof?
Yes, in fact, anyone...
"Well, at least in some ways, the producers were able to figure out whether it is not a format for this program," " They just did not recruit willing girls for it," "Again, another sugary boy will be dragged to the screen," - Network users comment on the news.
Magomed Ismailov: "When I hear such support from the fans, I just become abnormal in a cage."
Russian mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter Magomed Ismailov commented on the victory over Artem Frolov at the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy is just a gun.
It's got cannon shots.
And when I looked into his eyes, I saw desire and character.
This is a real man.
More respect for him.
I wish him good luck in the future.
He's a real man.
When I hear such support from the fans, I just become abnormal in the cage.
It was very hard.
I tried.
I was talking about the show.
I promised a show?
Was it a show?
Thank you.
And those who said I was choking in the third round...
Ismailov finished his speech with a victorious gesture.
Deutsche Welle may lose its accreditation and be recognized as a foreign agent
The state Duma Commission concluded that the German TV and radio company Deutsche Welle violated the law, RIA Novosti reports.
Documents will be sent to the Ministry of justice to recognize Deutsche Welle as a foreign agent.
The Ministry of foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation has received materials for revocation of accreditation in Russia.
Earlier, representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in a meeting of the state Duma Commission to investigate the interference of other countries in the internal Affairs of Russia.
A massive failure in Facebook has hit Europe.
Ukraine also got it
In the work of the social network Facebook in Europe, there was a large-scale failure.
Recall that before this, the social network "fell" on September 23.
According to the Downdetector network monitoring resource, the biggest problems with access to the social network are experienced by Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, and almost the entire UK.
Large-scale failures are observed on the border of Romania and Bulgaria, in Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and Portugal.
Facebook is also not available in almost all of Poland, in some places in Belarus and the Baltic States.
In Ukraine, according to the compiled map of failures, Facebook is not available in the Kiev region, as well as partially in the Kharkiv and Vinnytsia regions.
Note that in early September, the problems were also experienced users of Wikipedia.
Which club will take Pavel Mamaev released on PAROLE
Football player Pavel Mamaev, released last week from prison on PAROLE, will not return to the football club "Krasnodar".
The former midfielder of the club in the near future may sign a contract with FC "Rostov", - informs a portal "the championship."
According to the publication, negotiations between representatives of Rostov and Mamayev are now in the final stage.
Presumably, the contract with the 31-year-old player will be signed for two years with the possibility of extending it for another season.
"Sport-Express" writes that a day earlier Pavel Mamaev was supposed to pass a medical examination in Moscow "Dynamo", but the check did not take place due to"an uncertain situation in the club."
Krasnodar terminated the contract with Mamaev last week by agreement of the parties.
The midfielder has played for the Krasnodar club since 2014.
With the team, he twice won bronze at the Russian championship.
Mamaev previously played for torpedo Moscow and CSKA Moscow.
From 2009 to 2016, Mamaev played for the Russian national team, having played in 15 matches.
Together with Zenit player Alexander Kokorin, Mamaev was serving a sentence for participating in fights in the center of Moscow in October last year.
In mid-September, they were released from the colony on PAROLE.
Zenit signed a new contract with Kokorin.
A man with a samurai sword tried to defend a cart found in a garbage pile
A resident of the American city of Oakland Park, Florida, was arrested on charges of attempted murder after swinging a samurai sword at his opponent in a dispute over a cart found in the trash.
54-year-old Curtis Miller (Curtis Miller) was digging in a pile of garbage near an empty house.
This was noticed by Todd Beavers, who went out for an evening walk.
The latter decided to join the search and found a black cart among the garbage.
Miller saw Beevers ' find and was upset.
He thought he could claim the cart, since he was the first to dig through the trash.
The men began to argue.
Suddenly Beevers grabbed the cart and ran with it toward his house.
Then Miller took the samurai sword he found in the same pile and began to chase the opponent.
He caught up with Beevers at His house.
Miller drew his sword from its scabbard and began swinging it in the direction of the cart thief.
Beevers told Miller that what was happening was being recorded on video.
After noticing the video camera, Miller ran away, but threatened to return.
Beevers left the cart in the yard and went inside.
Soon after, he saw a strange woman enter his yard and take the cart away, shouting insults.
The police were already looking for Miller for driving without a license.
The man was arrested and charged with attempted murder.
In September, it was reported that in the American city of Hardiston, new Jersey, a hedge Fund Manager attacked a strange woman and wounded her with a sword.
This is how he reacted to the fact that the guests at the wedding, which was celebrated in the same hotel where he was staying, did not give him a light.
Mass riots for three
The "Moscow case" against the participants of the summer protest actions is breaking up into separate fragments and losing its political content.
The evidence of the "mass riots" itself does not stand up to scrutiny, but in the absence of a political decision to put the brakes on the case, a weak evidence base would not necessarily lead to the charges being dropped.
The collapse of the case should inspire the public, but it will certainly leave the security forces extremely irritated, whose efforts to fill the case with defendants and evidence were in vain.
On Thursday, September 26, one of the three remaining defendants in the case under article 212 of the criminal code (mass riots) - Alexey minyailo was unexpectedly released from custody without any obligations, and after a few hours and completely rehabilitated: the TFR dropped the charges against him.
Minyailo was held under arrest for almost two months, and several professional communities stood up for him: historians, priests, and writers.
After that, only two accused of participating in mass riots remained in the case (initially there were 13 accused): Sergei Fomin, who was transferred to house arrest on September 3, and Samariddin Rajabov, who was extended by the court until the end of December the day before (he is also accused of using violence against a representative of the authorities, article 318 of the criminal code).
The court sentenced the author of a mock petition to join Latvia to the United States
The court of the Vidzeme suburb of Riga handed down a sentence to the author of a mock petition for the accession of Latvia to the United States of America, Denis Bartetsky.
It is noted that the man was assigned 80 hours of correctional labor and one year of probation.
"Common sense is not the strongest side of our system," Bartecki commented on the court's decision.
He also added that the punishment is usually less than requested.
The collection of signatures on Latvia's accession to the United States was organized in 2016.
Meanwhile, simultaneously with this petition, the site collected signatures on Latvia's joining the "galactic Empire" and on the country's exit from the Solar system and the milky Way.
It is noted that a criminal case was initiated against Bartecki under the first paragraph of article 82 of the Criminal law of the country - "a Public call to undermine the territorial integrity of the Republic of Latvia".
Before that, in 2016, the author of an online petition to join Latvia to Russia received six months in prison.
A Japanese airliner made an emergency landing in Khabarovsk
Boeing, flying from Austria to Japan, made an emergency landing at the Khabarovsk airport, TASS reports.
On Board the airliner, owned by the Japanese company ANA, there were 206 people, including 12 crew members.
It is noted that there are no victims.
For people from Tokyo flew out the other side.
As a representative of the Khabarovsk airport told the Agency, the cause of the incident was a drop in oil pressure in one of the aircraft's engines.
Earlier it was reported that the plane, flying from the Zhukovsky airport near Moscow to Kyrgyzstan, made an emergency landing at the Samara airport because of a sick child on Board.
The Russian interior Ministry suggests punishing police officers for insulting them on the Internet
The Ministry of internal Affairs of Russia has prepared amendments to the law "on police" in order to protect law enforcement officers from spreading defamatory and defamatory information on the Internet.
On Friday, a request for public discussion of the draft law appeared on the Federal portal of regulatory legal acts. the draft document itself has not yet been published.
The explanatory note to the document notes that it is being developed in connection with the need to protect the honor and dignity of a police officer from "dissemination in information and communication networks, including the Internet, of information of a defamatory nature, including those of a discrediting nature".
Exactly how it is supposed to protect police officers from defamation in the network, is not specified.
At the same time, the explanation to the document notes that the provisions of the amendments will be applied "by individualizing the mechanism" already envisaged by the law on blocking posts that offend government officials and the law on fines for such posts.
Both laws came into force in March this year.
The final text of the bill will be published after public discussions and independent anti-corruption expertise.
According to the explanatory note, the amendments to the law "on police" should come into force in January 2020.
On March 18, President Vladimir Putin signed a law on punishing "clear disrespect for the state" on the Internet.
According to this document, Roskomnadzor warns a resource about a violation and gives it a day to fix it.
For the first violation of the bans, a fine of 30 to 300 thousand rubles is provided, and for repeated violations - administrative arrest for up to 15 days.
On April 12, Roskomnadzor applied this rule to the media for the first time, blocking the Yaroslavl edition 76.ru.
Soon after, the Chudovsky district court of the Novgorod region fined a local resident 30 thousand rubles for posting "two entries with information in an indecent form that offends human dignity and public morality and expresses clear disrespect for society, the state, and bodies exercising state power in the Russian Federation."
The deadline for reducing mortgage rates has been named
Rates on housing loans in Russia will decrease by the end of 2019.
This was stated by the General Director of the credit organization "Dom.Russia "Alexander Plutnik, reports "Interfax".
As Plutnik noted at the Board of the Ministry of construction of Russia, most banks in the remaining months of the year will conduct another cycle of reducing mortgage rates, and the average market figure will reach 8.9 percent - the level provided for by the national project "Housing and urban environment".
According to the project passport, in 2019, the average mortgage rate should be 8.9 percent, in 2021-8.5 percent, by 2024-7.9 percent.
The program provides for " providing affordable housing for middle-income families, including creating opportunities for them to purchase (build housing using a mortgage loan, the rate of which must be less than 8 percent)".
Earlier in September, it became known that one of the largest players in the Russian mortgage market - Sberbank-plans to hold another reduction in rates on housing loans by the end of 2019.
Will phytoestrogens and phytoandrogens help to prolong youth?
The topic of phytoandrogens is poorly studied.
One of the most famous is pine pollen.
But phytoestrogens have been studied well and have a positive effect on the body.
They reduce the risk of certain diseases associated with age (including cardiovascular diseases and certain types of cancer).
Known sources of phytoestrogens are all legumes (the most popular is soy), hops, and flax seeds.
However, many experts believe that such dietary Supplements can not act as a full-fledged replacement for natural hormones.
It is impossible to exclude and possible harm of such supplements.
For example, against the background of their reception, the production of their own hormones may decrease due to the fact that the body receives too many analogues from outside.
Veretennikov called for the revival of Kazakhstan's "Zhenis".
Former striker of "Rotor" and the Russian national team Oleg Veretennikov joined the campaign to revive Kazakhstan's "Zhenis".
The club from Astana, which in different years was called "Dynamo", "Tselinnik", "Astana" and "Zhenis", was disbanded in 2014.
Veretennikov defended its colors in 2004 and 2008.
"I learned about the action to revive the football club "Zhenis", organized by its fans.
And I couldn't stay away!
I spent a season and a half at this club.
These were not the best times in terms of results and funding, but I will never forget this club and its loyal fans who have always been with the team!
Will forever remain in the memory and a stadium named after munaitpasov stadium where I scored my 200th goal of my career!
"Zhenis" must be reborn!
It has a huge history and great fans.
I wish them all the best and believe that the city authorities will return their home club! " - wrote Veretennikov on Instagram.
The Bastion complex launched an Onyx rocket in Chukotka"
The defense Ministry launched a cruise missile from the Bastion complex in Chukotka for the first time.
Onyx launched at a distance of 350 kilometers from the target, and 200 of them flew over land, which is a record for this type of missile.
About 10 warships and vessels of the Pacific fleet, as well as marine aircraft, provided security for the shooting, the Department of information and mass communications of the Ministry of defense of the Russian Federation reported.
Previously, Bastion complexes have never been used in Chukotka.
The meteorologist called loyal people's signs
In Russia, there are many popular signs that people use to predict the weather.
Unfortunately, not all of them work.
The hydrometeorological Center checked all the signs that allegedly work.
Meteorologists have concluded that only two of them can really be trusted, however, in the short term.
As the scientific Director of the hydrometeorological center of Russia Roman Vilfand said, if the sun is red during sunset, then the next day will really be fine, as our ancestors noticed.
And if the sky is white, then the next day it will rain.
The second working sign is based on bird watching.
More often they talk about swallows, if they fly low, it usually leads to rain.
This is explained simply - when the humidity is high, the wings of midges get wet and the birds are forced to descend to hunt insects, writes TASS.
Different continents have their own folk signs.
Groundhog day is a traditional folk holiday in the United States and Canada, celebrated annually on February 2.
It is believed that on this day you need to watch the Groundhog coming out of its hole to determine the time of arrival of spring.
On the beaches of the northeast of Brazil detected an unidentified oil slick
Oil spills of unknown origin were found on 99 beaches in the North-East of Brazil.
Pockets of pollution were scattered over two thousand kilometers of coastline.
Reports of the first detected oil spills began to arrive on the second of September.
However, every day until Thursday, their number, as well as their territorial coverage, continued to increase.
The Brazilian environmental Institute conducted a chemical analysis of the identified samples.
It turned out that all of them are identical and we are talking about crude oil.
The state oil Corporation Petrobras, which was given the samples for analysis, said that their composition does not correspond to oil extracted from fields in Brazil.
"This is thick oil.
It can be dropped from one of the ships after cleaning the tanks.
Many continue to do so.
And most likely it got into the ocean current, " Rogerio Almeida, coordinator of the Union of oil workers in the States of Pernambuco and Paraiba, told the Brazilian news portal G1.
He also added that despite the ban on this practice, many ships continue to dump waste on the high seas.
On the beaches of four of the eight affected States in the northeast, environmentalists found nine sea turtles completely covered in oil film.
Only two of them were saved.
In the coming days, the Brazilian environmental Institute, together with Petrobras, will start cleaning up polluted beaches.
In the meantime, the Institute's experts recommend that tourists and local residents avoid oil spills and notify all detected sources of contamination.
Medvedev instructed to review the rules of operation of catering enterprises
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev instructed Rospotrebnadzor, the Ministry of justice, the Ministry of economy and the Ministry of industry and trade, together with the business Ombudsman and the business community, to review sanitary and epidemiological rules and regulations for catering organizations.
They will also have to study the issue of switching to the application of the requirements established by the technical regulations of the Eurasian economic Union for catering.
The agencies must submit their proposals to the government no later than October 15, according to the list of instructions given by Mr Medvedev following the results of the September 11 Dialogue program on the Rossiya 24 TV channel.
By the same deadline, Mr Medvedev instructed all the mentioned agencies, in addition to the Ministry of justice, to submit proposals for conducting an experiment on limiting control measures for catering organizations in a number of regions, including Moscow, Tatarstan and the Kaliningrad region, starting from January 1, 2020.
The Ministry of justice and the Ministry of economy are instructed to submit to the government a draft law with amendments to the administrative Code on the application of administrative suspension for violating the requirements for catering, which caused harm to health.
In addition, the Ministry of labor, the Ministry of economy, Rospotrebnadzor and the Ministry of Finance need to work on a gradual transition from 2021 to the formation of a consumer basket based on a basic set of products that allows you to form a full diet of healthy food.
Recall that the business community started talking about outdated standards of requirements after one cafe from the "Anderson" chain was closed.
The business community demanded to cancel the existing sanpins, Rospotrebnadzor announced the joint development of new Ones.
The list includes 33 departments.
Meanwhile, Rospotrebnadzor intends to reduce the number of sanitary norms and rules by 40 times by 2021.
Currently, investigators have information about three thefts, which involved the detainee.
Operated by a man in the Skuratovsky district of Tula.
He stole batteries and car radios from cars.
From two cars - VAZ-2106 and VAZ-2107 - the thief took away accumulators, allegedly, for the purpose of further sale.
"And from one car VAZ-2107 for the same purpose, the attacker took the car radio and subwoofer," - reported in the Ministry of internal Affairs of the Tula region.
The attacker probably intended to resell the stolen goods.
Currently, the 26-year-old unemployed man is detained.
Russians have nothing to save for retirement-V. Matvienko
Speaker of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko believes that Russians do not have enough savings to ensure that the country fully earned the bill on a guaranteed pension product.
The practice of increasing pensions through personal savings is quite common in the world.
Another matter is how timely its introduction is in our country.
"In my opinion, now a significant part of the population has income, of which they simply have nothing to allocate to increase pension provision in the future," V. Matvienko said.
According to the speaker, Russians cannot understand the mechanisms of pension formation and accrual, because "constant changes in this sphere have completely confused them".
This does not mean that I am against improving the pension system and its regulatory legislation.
"Russia is a social state, and we must do everything to ensure that pensions and social security of citizens improve.
But steps in this direction should be considered, responsible, taking into account domestic realities, " Matvienko told RIA Novosti.
The head of the Federal budget stressed that if this initiative (the draft law on guaranteed pension product) is developed, several basic principles must be provided for, including voluntariness, tax preferences for citizens and employers, and strict guarantees and responsibility of the state for ensuring the safety of pension savings.
On September 6, the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation announced the submission of a draft law on the guaranteed pension product (GPP) for approval.
Among its main elements are an exclusively voluntary procedure for citizens to join the savings system, guaranteeing the safety of long-term pension savings of citizens by the state, registration of savings accounts of citizens by the Central administrator, tax benefits for businesses and tax deductions for citizens.
Spider-man remains in the Marvel film universe.
Sony and Disney agreed
Image copyright holder Getty Images Image caption news Of the departure of the beloved superhero from the Marvel film universe has angered many loyal fans
One of the most famous comic book characters - spider-Man-will remain in the marvel film universe.
Disney and Sony Pictures managed to agree on the rights to use it in the franchise's films.
This became known from a press release from Sony, which says that the third part of "spider-Man" with Tom Holland will be released on July 16, 2021.
Earlier it was reported that Disney and Sony Pictures could not come to a consensus on revenue sharing, which is why "spider-Man" will leave the marvel film universe.
Sony owns the rights to the movie character.
She rented them out for Marvel movies, which is owned by Disney.
As a result, Sony received revenue from movie box office sales, and Disney received revenue from Souvenirs and toys.
As reported, at some point this situation ceased to suit Disney, and the company wanted to review the agreement.
Marvel Studios ' President Kevin Feige said that he's excited.
It's amazing that Spidey [spider-Man] ' s journey in the marvel movie universe will continue.
"All of us at Marvel Studios are very happy to be able to continue working on it.
Spider-man is an iconic figure.
This is a hero whose story touches all generations and audiences around the world, " he said in a press release.
At the same time, Faigi recalled that Sony is also creating its own film universe, built just around spider-Man.
"It so happens that he is the only superpowered hero who has appeared in different film universes.
So while Sony continues to develop its own Spidey universe, the future may present unexpected surprises, " he said.
Tom Holland, who played spider-Man in five films, apparently commenting on the news, posted on his Instagram account an excerpt from the film "the Wolf of wall street", in which the character Leonardo DiCaprio shouts "I'm not leaving!"
Information about the contradictions between the companies appeared in August.
As reported by the media, Disney wanted to receive half of the box office revenue from spider-Man films, provided that both companies would pay half of the cost of producing the pictures.
But this did not suit Sony.
The news of the possible departure of the beloved superhero from the marvel film universe caused anger among many loyal fans.
Details of the new conditions have not yet been disclosed.
According to CNBC, Sony declined to comment on the agreement, but said: "We have worked well together for the past four years, and our shared desire to continue working together has been commensurate with the wishes of many [spider-Man] fans.
We are happy to be able to go forward together."
The movie "Avengers: Finale", which United spider-Man, Thor, Hulk and other marvel superheroes, became the highest-grossing in the history of world cinema, displacing "Avatar"from the first place.
Belarusian President invited to visit Crimea
The head of the Belarusian community of Crimea, Roman Chegrinets, invited Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko to visit the Peninsula.
The main dream is to transfer power by inheritance
What do you remember about 25 years of Lukashenka's rule in Belarus
In his opinion, closer economic cooperation with Belarus will benefit the region.
Chegrinets expressed confidence that after Lukashenka in Crimea will come to the Belarusian enterprises, reports "RIA Novosti".
On September 26, the President of Belarus responded negatively to a question from a Ukrainian journalist about the return of Crimea to Ukraine.
According to the Belarusian leader, he does not consider this possible in the foreseeable future: "This issue is closed once and for all."
However, in Kiev and in the West, the results of the vote were not recognized.
Lukashenko called the reasons for the continuation of the conflict in the Donbass
To the famous blogger Andrey Poltava came with searches: what is known at the moment
On Friday, September 27, in Poltava, the house of relatives of volunteer and blogger Andrey Karpov, known as Andrey Poltava, is being searched.
This was reported by the blogger himself on Facebook, noting that he does not live at this address.
In addition, Poltava writes that once again received an email message of this content: "We inform that on the territory ... I left a pipe bomb.
The second similar explosive device placed in a car will be set off today near the house of the famous Ukrainian propagandist Andrey Karpov (also known as Andrey Poltava)...
Death to the punishers."
Karpov believes that his work as a volunteer, politician and blogger is not liked by the Russian occupiers.
Subscribers of Poltava are sure that he makes the necessary transfers and wish him strength and patience.
Recall that Poltava talks with Russians about the war in the Donbass, the annexation of Crimea, peace, politics, and then puts the video on the Internet.
The blogger ran for the Verkhovna Rada from the European solidarity party.
Now he leads TV broadcasts on the channel "Direct", where he harshly criticizes Russian propaganda.
In 2017, according to ICTV, Karpov was recognized as the best blogger in Ukraine.
Riigikogu: Estonia wants to make climate targets for 2050 even more ambitious
Annelie Ott, the Commission's chair, noted that the Commission has held three hearings so far.
Experts, entrepreneurs and representatives of the Ministry of the environment presented their vision of achieving carbon neutrality in Estonia.
"The resulting review will allow us to say that together with other EU member States, Estonia is actively looking for opportunities to make the climate goals for 2050 even more ambitious and agree on ways to achieve them," Ott said.
The Chairwoman added that the government also planned to discuss the analysis of increasing Estonia's climate ambitions on October 3.
The decision made on its results will continue to be discussed in the Riigikogu commissions.
Deputy Chairwoman of the Commission Riina Sikkut said that Estonia needs a clear plan to achieve the climate goals, agreed with all interested parties.
International agreements and the high cost of carbon emissions quotas will be in any case.
"In addition to energy, the Riigikogu could focus on measures in agriculture, transport, forestry and housing within the framework of national discussions.
It is necessary to take into account the socio-economic impact of all changes, " Sikkut stressed.
This autumn, the Riigikogu Commission on European Union Affairs launched a series of parliamentary hearings to prepare a decision with which Estonia will participate in EU negotiations on climate goals for 2050.
Chelsea get Neymar at a record salary
The management of the English "Chelsea" expressed a desire to acquire the French PSG striker Neymar.
This is reported by El Desmarque.
According to the publication, the London club will make an offer to Parisians in the summer transfer window.
It is noted that Chelsea is going to pay PSG 300 million euros, and Neymar is offered a contract with a salary of 42 million euros, which will make him the highest-paid player in the world.
The Brazilian this summer stated his desire to return to Barcelona.
Neymar, according to media reports, did not want to stay at PSG, but in the end failed to leave for another club in the past transfer window.
After that, Parisian fans publicly addressed the player, expressing dissatisfaction with his actions.
In the Rostov region, a child's hand was amputated due to a medical error
In the Rostov region, an 11-year-old boy lost his hand due to a mistake by doctors.
This is described in a note published on the pages of online media.
According to IA REGNUM, the child was taken to the hospital in Zernograd with a broken arm.
The boy was put in a cast, after which gangrene developed.
As a result, the limb had to be amputated.
The cited material States that Roszdravnadzor employees identified in the medical facility "violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis of the child, as well as the standard and volume of care provided at the first stage of treatment."
Investigators will check the incident.
In the Penza region, a car hit a woman with two children
A car hit a woman with a baby in a stroller and a three-year-old son in the Penza region, one child was killed.
This was reported to the Agency "Interfax" by the head of the press service of the Ministry of internal Affairs for the region Olga Evdokimova.
The accident occurred in the Serdobsky district on Friday evening.
The interlocutor of the Agency clarified that the woman was walking in the same direction on the side of the road with a stroller, which was a child born in 2019, and with a son born in 2016.
The driver of the Ford Focus hit all three.
As a result, the older boy was killed.
The younger child was taken unconscious to the hospital.
The woman has no injuries, she was released after an examination.
According to Evdokimova, the culprit of the accident tried to leave the scene, but was promptly detained.
According to preliminary data, the driver was drunk and was sent for a medical examination.
The accident is being checked.
In Krasnodar, a high-ranking ex-police officer from the CBI was detained
Guards detained in Krasnodar in the rented apartment of the former head of the operational search part of the internal security of the Ministry of internal Affairs in Kabardino-Balkaria Sergey Rybnikov.
He has been wanted since may in a bribery case, RIA Novosti reports, citing representatives of the Russian interior Ministry and the TFR.
The man was taken to the investigation unit.
The person involved in the case was placed in custody, before he was charged in absentia.
According to law enforcement agencies, in 2017-2018, officials of the Ministry of internal Affairs in the Kabardino-Balkar Republic received a bribe of 42 million rubles.
For this money, they did not prevent the illegal transportation of alcohol-containing products in the region.
16 people are involved in the case.
At the same time, 14 of them were detained at the initial stage of the investigation.
Oleg Vinnik got into the base of "Peacekeeper": what happened
Popular Ukrainian singer Oleg Vinnik, who starred in the project #world With Russian stars who supported the Kremlin's policy towards Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea, got into the base of "Peacemaker".
A message about this appeared on the official site of the database.
The description refers to the fact that Vinnik became a participant in the Russian anti-Ukrainian propaganda campaign #Allmir, aimed at shifting the responsibility of the war unleashed by Russia (the aggressor country) to Ukraine.
Recall that the video was attended by Vladimir Pozner, Mireille Mathieu (France), Alessandro Safina (Italy), Valeria, Soso Pavliashvili, Igor Krutoy, Zara, Tamara Gverdtsiteli, Denis Klyaver, Valery Syutkin, Dmitry Malikov, Maxim Pokrovsky, Yana Poplavskaya, Maxim Averin, Ksenia Alferova, Nonna Grishaeva and others.
Most of the participants of the flash mob publicly support the Kremlin's aggressive policy.
Vinnik became the only Ukrainian participant of the project.
The singer's press service previously explained that the artist took part in a project in support of the International day of peace, which is celebrated on September 21, and did not change his Patriotic position.
Recall that there was a wave of outrage in the network.
The video itself is called mocking.
How can artists who visited the occupied Crimea, who support the policy of Putin, who launched a war in the Donbas, where people die almost every day, talk about peace?
Four people were convicted of a series of robberies of cottages in Khabarovsk
In Khabarovsk, the court sentenced four residents of the village of Druzhba, who for two years robbed cottages in the partnerships "Cosmos" and" rainbow " in the area of the Black river.
This was reported on September 27 by the Khabarovsk territory today news Agency.
The criminal group included previously unsupervised men 31 and 37 years old and two brothers 21 and 24 years old.
It was established that the mastermind of the crimes is the eldest of the brothers, who served time in a juvenile colony in his youth.
Alone, he robbed nine houses, and later the others joined in.
The damage from each of the thefts ranged from three to 21 thousand rubles.
The criminals took away stoves, refrigerators, curtains, buckets, gas cylinders, chairs, cabinets and many other items.
They were detained thanks to the alarm system that went off in the last house.
The defendants were found guilty of theft committed with illegal entry into the home, causing significant damage to a group of persons by prior agreement.
"The brothers were sentenced to 3 years 6 months of imprisonment in a General regime colony, the other two defendants - to 2 years 10 months and 1 year 6 months of probation," the Agency quotes the senior assistant Prosecutor of the Khabarovsk district Yulia Vasilieva.
Medvedev: Kokorin continues training on an individual program
Forward of Zenit St Petersburg Alexander Kokorin continues to train on an individual program after being released on PAROLE, TASS reports with reference to the General Director of the team Alexander Medvedev.
Last Thursday, September 26, the striker started training with Zenit-2.
Photo with Kokorin in his Instagram posted the coach of the second team of blue-white-blue Vladislav Radimov.
Earlier, Medvedev said that Kokorin may play for Zenit in a friendly match in the autumn.
In official meetings, the striker will be able to prove himself after January 22, 2020, he should be registered in the next transfer window.
Recall that on October 8, 2018, Kokorin, his younger brother Kirill, Krasnodar midfielder Pavel Mamaev and children's coach Alexander Protasovitsky staged a series of fights in the center of Moscow.
Drunken athletes beat three people.
For a long time they were in jail.
In may 2019, the court sentenced them to real prison terms.
The Kokorin brothers were sent to prison for a year and a half, Mamaev and Protasovitsky-for 1 year and 5 months.
In September 2019, the court granted the request of athletes, with the exception of Protasovitsky, for parole.
The first fights under the rules of Alexander Emelianenko will be held on November 29.
The first MMA fights under the rules invented by Alexander Emelianenko will be held in Moscow on November 29 - in the undercard of a Boxing match between Emelianenko and strongman Mikhail Koklyaev.
The battles we have lost in entertainment, - told Emelyanenko in interview "SE".
There's no one to look at.
So I came up with a new type of mixed martial arts - Universal World Fight.
Rules - three different rounds.
MMA is a sport where all the martial arts are collected.
A mixed-style fighter should be able to do everything - work in a stand, fight, and work in the stalls.
The first round - only shock technique in the stand.
The second round is only a fight, and the time for holding a reception in the stalls is limited to 30 seconds.
Third round-everything is allowed.
When will the first tournament be held according to the rules that you have come up with?
November 29.
In the undercard of our fight with Koklyaev.
But it is not yet known how many fights there will be.
A veteran and his wife were killed in a Russian city
A veteran of the great Patriotic war and his wife were killed in Ryazan.
This is reported on the website of the regional Investigative Committee.
The bodies of a man and a woman born in 1928 and 1930 were found in their apartment.
It is noted that they showed signs of violent death.
A criminal case has been opened in connection with the incident.
The investigation is checking various versions, including those related to a mercenary motive for the murder.
At the moment, the investigation is ongoing.
On August 24, it was reported that a man who killed a 92-year-old veteran for money for drugs was detained in Kaluga.
It is noted that the elderly man was hit at least ten times.
Criminal case as regards 4 articles 111 of the criminal code ("Deliberate causing of heavy harm to health, entailed on imprudence death of the victim").
Later, the telegram channel Mash reported that the suspect in the murder five years ago, the balcony of the veteran was glass.
KamAZ-Master will exhibit four crews at Dakar-2020
On Friday, September 27, a press conference "KAMAZ-Master" was held in Naberezhnye Chelny, where the team leader Vladimir Chagin named the drivers who will take part in the Dakar-2020 rally.
The Russian team at the rally-marathon will be represented by four crews who will perform on KAMAZ-43509 trucks: the current champion of" Dakar "Eduard Nikolaev, the winner of the" silk road-2019 " rally Anton Shibalov, as well as Andrey karginov and Dmitry Sotnikov.
Currently, the process of preparing the team for the Dakar 2020 rally has entered the final stage.
According to the team's press service.
On December 5, 6, in Marseille, France, initial technical checks and loading on a ferry will take place to send the equipment of the participants of the race to the Arabian Peninsula.
Recall that, starting in 2020, the Dakar rally-marathon changes its location.
After 10 years spent on the routes of South America, the race organizers signed a five-year contract with Saudi Arabia.
The 42nd Dakar starts on January 5 from the red sea coast from Jeddah.
On January 11, participants will spend a day of rest in the capital of the Kingdom of Riyadh, and finally, the race is scheduled to finish on January 17 in the town of Kiddiya.
Trade with Russia is not just about tanks
The trade turnover between Russia and India may double due to the geopolitical situation.
This was stated by Deputy Director of the Confederation of Indian industry Manish Kumar at the V anniversary forum of small and medium-sized businesses of the regions of the SCO and BRICS member countries.
It is important for us to learn from the SCO and BRICS countries, including Russia, " the guest from Delhi stressed.
- Our Confederation has 9,000 direct members and 300,000 partner companies from 130 countries.
All these are small and medium-sized businesses that cooperate with the countries of the Shanghai organization.
And we are not standing still, but developing, and all these sanctions against Russia and the geopolitical situation in General only help us all grow.
Currently, our bilateral trade exceeds 10 billion us dollars, but these figures can be doubled twice.
First of all, due to new technologies in the field of healthcare, artificial intelligence and robotics.
Our trade is not just about tanks and heavy industry.
According to Manish Kumar, India has already established its first contacts with modern centers in Russia.
For example, a delegation from Delhi and other cities recently visited SKOLKOVO and Innopolis.
We have signed a Memorandum on creating systems in which you can build your modern business.
After all, entrepreneurship is not a whim, but a necessity.
This is a necessary step towards economic prosperity for us.
We need to expand, attract small and medium-sized businesses, and together with Russia, China and other countries, we will definitely do this, - said the Indian industrialist.
Recall that Ufa hosts the forum of small and medium-sized businesses of the regions of the SCO and BRICS member countries for the fifth time in a row.
From September 25 to 27, the forum was attended by more than 2,800 people from Russia and 31 other countries.
As part of a working trip to Tobolsk, Governor of the Tyumen region Alexander Moore took part in the opening ceremony of the Sokolovsky water intake after reconstruction.
Now its capacity is 25 thousand cubic meters per day.
Reconstruction of the water intake took place within the framework of the Federal project "Clean water" under the national project "Ecology".
The authorities were helped by investors: Sokolovsky water intake was another example of using the mechanism of public-private partnership.
The Tyumen region has a unique experience of interaction in this area of Federal structures, regional authorities, local administrations and private investors.
New artesian wells appeared on the site.
Pumping stations were built over them.
Water treatment and disinfection facilities were reconstructed.
In the result, Sokolovskiy water intake will provide the Tobolsk people with quality drinking water.
The plans are to loop Sokolovsky and Zhukovsky water intakes.
Then Tobolsk will be fully able to switch to underground water supply sources.
Water treatment facilities to be expanded in Vagay
In Congress, in the conversation with trump Zelensky saw " Russian trace"
In the lower house of the us Congress, Russia was accused of involvement in the scandal caused by a telephone conversation between the head of the White house, Donald trump, and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky.
The suggestion that "Russians" may be behind this story in some way was made by house speaker Nancy Pelosi, MSNBC News reports.
"I believe Russia had a hand in this," the Democrat said, but did not comment further.
Pelosi-led Democrats, who hold the majority in the house, previously announced the launch of impeachment proceedings against the President.
This happened after an intelligence informant complained about trump.
The informant suspected that in a conversation with Zelensky in July, trump exerted pressure on his interlocutor to make Ukraine open a case against the son of former Vice President Joseph Biden, while the latter may become a year later a competitor of trump in the election.
The white house had to provide congressmen and the public with a transcript of the scandalous conversation.
NorNickel will allocate 139.8 billion rubles for dividends in the first half of the year
Norilsk Nickel will allocate 139.88 billion rubles (about $2.1 billion) for dividends in the first half of 2019.
The decision was made at an extraordinary meeting of shareholders.
It is noted that the payment per share will be 883.93 rubles.
"The shareholders approved October 7, 2019 as the date for determining the persons entitled to receive dividends," the company's press service said.
According to the Moscow exchange at 18: 03, the price of one share of Norilsk Nickel increased by 1.04% - to 16.5 thousand rubles.
Wang Yi met with UN Secretary General A. Guterres
State Council member and Chinese foreign Minister Wang Yi met with UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres at the UN headquarters in new York on Thursday.
As A. gutterish stated at the meeting, China plays an extremely important role in creating a multipolar world.
The UN is grateful to the Chinese government for its strong support and fruitful cooperation, and highly appreciates the important contribution made by China to the international fight against poverty, countering climate change and creating the green Belt and road.
It wants to deepen cooperation with China in the areas of security and peace protection and sustainable development, and expects China to continue to play a leading role in the fight against climate change and other areas.
Wang Yi, in turn, noted that multipolarity is an inevitable trend, and every country has the right to development.
The realization of multipolarity is impossible without multilateralism, which is symbolized by the main goals and principles set out in the UN Charter.
According to the Minister, China supports a more active role of the UN, supports the work of the Secretary-General of the world organization and strictly adheres to the basic ideas and principles of the UN Charter.
Next year will mark the 75th anniversary of the founding of the UN, and the Chinese side intends to use this opportunity to strengthen cooperation with the world organization in order to jointly create a great future for the whole world.
The President of the Philippines Duterte will come to Russia for five days
President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte will arrive in Russia in October, reports TASS with reference to the representative of the Ministry of foreign Affairs of the Philippines Amelita Aquino.
It is specified that Duterte will arrive in Russia on October 1.
His visit to Russia will last until October 5.
Aquino said that the President of the Philippines is going to Russia at the invitation of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
Duterte will participate in a meeting of the Valdai club in Sochi.
The Philippine leader will also visit Moscow.
In the capital, Duterte will take part in the Russian-Philippine business forum and deliver a lecture at the Moscow state Institute of international relations (MGIMO).
According to Aquino, the main event of the trip will be the meeting of the two presidents.
The leaders are expected to discuss the state of bilateral relations and how the countries can further expand cooperation in various fields.
It is noted that the meeting of the Philippine leader with the Russian leader will be the fourth in a row.
The presidents met for the first time in 2016 at the APEC summit in Peru.
In may 2017, the head of the Philippines visited Russia, and another meeting of the leaders took place in November 2017 on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Vietnam.
Earlier it was reported that the President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, allowed citizens to shoot graft officials.
Elon Musk responded in Russian to an "unusual invitation" to come to Krasnodar for a business forum
Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla and SpaceX, responded to the invitation of the organizers of the Krasnodar business forum to attend the event.
The billionaire wrote a comment under one of the posted photos with an "invitation Billboard" at the office of his company.
Earlier, one of the organizers of the forum "Business for small" posted a Billboard in the California city of Hawthorne with the inscription " Kak tebe takoe?", and on the other hand posted a website welcomeelon.com.
There is also a special QR code that will help you go to the forum website and get all the information.
"The language is well-hung," the inventor wrote in Russian in response to the invitation, reports teleprogramma.pro.
It is not yet known what exactly Musk meant by his answer, but many Russians, including forum speakers, are hoping for a speech by the billionaire.
Meanwhile, the program "Evening Urgant" has already presented what outfit the billionaire could appear in Krasnodar.
The businessman was dressed in a Cossack outfit and assumed that in the Kuban, Musk will present: an electric rifle, an electric harness and an electric saddle for a horse.
The famous land art artist created a portrait of Greta Thunberg
It had to happen sooner or later.
The image of Greta Thunberg was immortalized by a tractor in a field.
The portrait of the activist was created by the famous land art artist Dario Gambarin.
A 16-year-old schoolgirl from Sweden who suffers from Asperger's syndrome became famous after speaking at the UN Assembly.
The activist accused all adults of stealing the young generation's childhood and dreams, polluting the planet and depriving it of its future under the pretext of economic development.
Greta is nominated for an alternative Nobel peace prize, she may become the youngest winner, and the media vies to call the schoolgirl the most influential teenager in the world.
The us Congress agreed to the sale of f-35 fighter jets to Poland
Warsaw also plans to receive f-135 engines and related equipment
The United States Congress approved the sale of 32 fifth-generation f-35 fighter-bombers to the Polish side.
This was announced by the Minister of national defense of the Republic Mariusz Blaszczak.
According to its data, Warsaw will receive not only aircraft, but also 33 turbojet twin-circuit f-135 engines developed by Pratt & Whitney, as well as related equipment.
The initial cost of the contract is 6.5 billion dollars.
"This is one of the last steps before concluding the contract, but it is not the end of our work.
We will do everything possible to get the best possible price," Blaszczak wrote on his Twitter page.
Website kp.ru he wrote that the American F-35 will have to replace the Soviet-made MiG-29 and su-22 in Polish service.
It is expected that the bilateral deal will increase the security of the Republic.
The Ministry of defense of the Russian Federation published a video of the launch of a supersonic missile "Onyx" in Chukotka
The Bastion coastal complex of the Pacific fleet launched the onyx supersonic cruise missile for the first time.
A video of the launch was published by the Russian defense Ministry on Twitter.
According to the Zvezda TV channel, the flight of the rocket was in normal mode.
The missile successfully hit a target that was located in the Chukchi sea at a distance of more than 200 km.
Safety of maneuvers was provided by about 10 warships, as well as marine aircraft.
Equipment and military personnel were delivered to the site of the exercise on a landing ship.
Firing at a sea target located at a distance of more than 200 kilometers was performed by a calculation
Rospotrebnadzor is categorically against the return of Smoking rooms to airports
Rospotrebnadzor strongly opposes the return of Smoking rooms to airports.
"Neither ventilation nor filters, even taken together, can reduce exposure to tobacco smoke to levels that are considered acceptable," the report notes.
"Izvestia" on Friday reported that the Ministry of health for the second reading of the bill has developed amendments, according to which it is proposed to equip two Smoking rooms at the airport.
The expert told why it is worth giving up tea bags
A group of scientists from Canada, representing McGill University, found that when brewing a tea bag in a Cup for five minutes gets more than ten billion microplastic particles.
Sawdust particles can also be added to a packaged drink, food safety expert Elizaveta Tikhonova told Nation News.
According to the agronomist, the consumer can not get reliable information about the composition of packaged tea - the manufacturer can add ingredients that will not be indicated on the package.
Sawdust is not thrown away at the end of the season, so it may end up in the tea.
"Moreover, tea plants are not always included in the bags," said Tikhonova.
According to her, it is better to give up the use of such a drink in favor of tea in bulk, which is sold in specialty stores.
In addition, she stressed that the danger of packaged tea is not only in the composition, but also in the method of its production - microparticles are heated to high temperatures, which can cause them to emit harmful substances.
"It is best to buy pure green or black tea - this drink will have the least additives," the expert said.
Problems of Arctic development will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk
Problems of Arctic development will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk.
The forum was organized by the Norilsk development Agency and the Taimyr research Club, according to GTRK Krasnoyarsk.
The reports were brought by scientists from Russian cities - Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Salekhard, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk, and Dudinka.
Foreign guests came from the Netherlands and Canada.
One of the main topics of the forum is how to develop the urban environment in the Arctic and at the same time not harm nature.
Forum guests will also be able to visit interactive platforms at the Norilsk state industrial Institute.
And the Rodina cinema is waiting for movie lovers - there will be screenings of popular science films about the Arctic region.
At creative meetings, travelers and scientists will talk about their experience of exploring the Arctic.
The forum will last three days.
The Northern walking festival will take place in Ulyanovsk
Residents of the Ulyanovsk region will take part in the festival of Northern walking.
The mass launch will take place in the Coastal Park.
Participants of the festival will be teams from different cities and districts of the Ulyanovsk region, which won the municipal stages.
They are mainly composed of residents of the region over 50 years old.
The project is designed to attract the older generation to an active pastime, reports 1ul.ru.
The city stage of the festival was held on September 7 in six parks at once.
Participants had to cover a distance of 3 km by Northern walking.
The winner was determined by the sum of years of participants in the team.
The regional festival will be held on September 28.
Regions were invited to share the secrets of business support
As it became known to the "parliamentary newspaper", on September 27, the Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on economic policy Andrey Kutepov sent a letter to the Minister of economic development Maxim Oreshkin and the Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov with a proposal to Express a position on the initiatives of the subjects of the Federation to improve legislation in the field of support for small and medium-sized businesses (SMEs).
It's time to establish interregional ties
The Federation Council Committee on economic policy summarized the information received from the regions on their current business development and legalization programs for the self-employed, as well as the results of such programs.
In their letters, the regions told the senators about the problems of SME development and sent suggestions for improving the current legislation.
"To date, communication between the regions is not well established, as a result of which the business community in all the regions visited by senators has identified the issue of the lack of information about regional programs for the development of entrepreneurship in the country as a whole," stated Andrey Kutepov.
In the Annex to the letter sent to the Government, he presented a summary of positive developments in the regions on the legalization of self-employment and summary data from the regions with proposals and problems (available to the editorial Board).
In addition to the relevant ministries, summary data from the regions are also sent to the heads of regional Executive bodies.
The exchange of information on positive developments in the regions could give an impetus to the development of entrepreneurship in General.
The first step to such an exchange will be to send the information available to the economic policy Committee, "the Senator told the parliamentary newspaper.
Useful experience
Today, many regions of the country have adopted and successfully operate programs to support small and medium-sized businesses.
For example, in the Vologda region, there is a business support Center that, in addition to financial support measures, helps businesses to conduct certification of finished products.
In the Ivanovo region, a business support system has been developed that provides for the implementation of the one-stop shop principle through multifunctional centers.
In the Krasnodar territory, beginning agricultural consumer cooperatives are provided with grants at the expense of the regional budget.
There is a cluster development center in the Oryol region.
The Amur region, within the framework of the Federal project "Acceleration of small and medium-sized businesses", provides for the possibility of subsidizing business incubators created on the basis of existing non-state coworking centers at the expense of the Federal budget.
And in a number of other regions, special support measures are being taken for youth entrepreneurship.
The self-employed continue to be brought out of the shadows
According to the regional authorities, in order to support small and medium-sized businesses more effectively, a number of changes should be made to the current legislation.
For example, the Arkhangelsk region proposed to replace the term "self-employment" with "business activity", since this"most corresponds to the content of the state service to promote self-employment of unemployed citizens".
In the Ivanovo region, it is considered necessary to make amendments providing for an expansion of the list of activities provided by self-employed citizens, including activities for finishing and repairing residential premises, dacha buildings, conducting physical training classes.
Bryansk region considers it important to strengthen control over unscrupulous producers of dairy products with the help of the veterinary system "mercury".
And in the Kostroma and Magadan regions, they advocate fixing the concept of "social entrepreneurship" and areas of support for social entrepreneurship in the legal field.
All proposals from the regions will be taken into account when preparing state programs to support small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important ones will be developed in the form of specific bills.
"All proposals from the regions will be taken into account when preparing state programs to support small and medium - sized businesses, and the most important ones will be developed in the form of specific bills," Andrey Kutepov assured.
The airline helped passengers avoid the neighborhood of crying children
Air carrier Japan Airlines (JAL) has launched a new feature: when booking seats on the plane, you can now find out where young children will sit.
Now, if you want, you can avoid their neighborhood.
Passengers of the Japanese airline Japan Airlines (JAL) were able to take advantage of the new option and avoid unwanted neighborhood with young children.
The airline has launched a feature that allows you to track which seats children will sit in.
When selecting seats in the passenger compartment, passengers will be able to see an image of the child's head in the seats occupied by children aged between eight days and two years.
Thus, those who do not want to fly next to babies because of the possible inconvenience associated with their crying, can sit as far away from them as possible.
Internet users who use the airline's services were delighted with the innovation.
Some of them thanked the carrier, noting that other airlines should do the same.
One user complained that a few weeks ago he made a flight from new York to Doha, and next to him sat three crying children at once.
Another commentator suggested introducing "flights only for adults", expressing a willingness to pay extra for such a flight.
Many tourists noted that now they will try to always choose Japan Airlines for their movements, because they do not see anything pleasant in flying next to a crying child in a closed space.
Earlier, a woman traveling with an infant tried to appease fellow travelers during a flight from Seoul to San Francisco.
She prepared a bag of sweets for each of the 200 passengers, each of which contained a note of apology.
Oleg Tabakov's train appeared in the Moscow metro?
If you constantly use the Kaluzhsko-Rizhskaya line (as most residents of Konkov do), then you will be surprised.
The metro has launched a new theme train "the Great Russian artist Oleg Tabakov".
Every day, this registered train carries 10 thousand people.
It runs just on the orange line and tells about the Director, actor and founder of the "Snuffbox"theater.
By the way, it is convenient to go from Konkov to the performances that are played on the new stage of the theater (it is located on Malaya Sukharevskaya square, next to the metro station "Sukharevskaya").
As we have explained in a press-service of the Moscow metro, "in the external design will used images of fragments of stained glass of new scenes and the portraits of Oleg Tabakov in the iconic images he created in the theater, cinema and animation".
The train tells about his family, the play "sailor's silence", which began the great life of the theater, about the "Snuffbox" itself, about the Director's work.
On the walls of the cars you can see rare archival images and stills from movies.
Russian gays with adopted children have requested asylum in the United States
A same-sex Russian couple with two adopted children has requested asylum in the US, RIA Novosti reports.
It is reported that the men left the Russian Federation for Ukraine, then went to the States, where they applied for asylum.
According to a statement from the Incentive group, the reason for the family's actions was "continued interest on the part of law enforcement agencies."
As reported, the men do not plan to return to Russia.
Children from the beginning of the school year study in an American school and adapt to new conditions.
We will remind, earlier it was reported about initiation of business against employees of Department of social protection of the population of the district of Maryino because of adoption by the same-sex family of two small boys.
At the same time, the HRC stated that the upbringing of children by a same-sex couple should not in itself become a reason for initiating a case.
The press center of Izvestia will host a press conference of the Moscow art Theater project " season of POEMS Third scene. Poetry"
On October 3, at 11:00, the press center of Izvestia will host an announcing press conference: the Start of the project " season of POEMS: Third scene. Poetry " in the Moscow art theater named after M. Gorky.
Eduard Boyakov, artistic Director of the Moscow art theater named after M. Gorky, Director of the project.
Ivan Kupreyanov, poet, producer of the project.
Dmitry Vodennikov, a poet.
Irina Lindt, theater and film actress.
Alexey Shmelev, poet.
In the new season, the Third stage of the Moscow art theater named after M. Gorky will become the territory of total poetry.
Within the framework of an extensive program, performances based on poems by the main poets of our time will be shown.
The project team will create a unique poetic world of poems, music and multimedia images for the audience.
Art Director of the Moscow art Theater Eduard Boyakov and curator of the project, poet and producer Ivan Kupreyanov will present the first and only theatrical anthology of modern fine literature - the project " season of POEMS: Third scene. Poetry".
The season opens on October 5 at 19: 00 on the Third stage of the Moscow art theater named after M. Gorky with the performance of the poet-legend, each performance of which becomes a significant event for connoisseurs of fine literature, Dmitry Vodennikov.
Performances will be held in October and November.
Each performance has its own author, curator and actor.
The performances will be attended by artists of the Moscow art Theater and guest stars: Irina Lindt, Agnia Kuznetsova, Olga Kabo, Alice Grebenshchikova.
The musical concept of the project is Sergey Letov.
Curators in the performances will be: Pavel Kryuchkov, Maria Golovanivsky, Eduard Boyakov, Ivan Kupreyanov, etc.
The project is being implemented with the support of the Ministry of culture of the Russian Federation.
Pavel Ustinov joined the pickets in support of the defendants in the " Moscow case"
Actor Pavel Ustinov joined a series of single pickets "Freedom for all", which are held on Friday at the building of the presidential administration on the Old square in Moscow, reports Interfax.
A series of pickets began on September 18 in support of Ustinov himself and has continued every day since.
Currently, participants of the action, replacing each other, stand holding a placard with the inscription "Freedom for all" and the names of those convicted and arrested after the uncoordinated rallies in Moscow in the summer of 2019.
In addition to Ustinov, the poster names Egor Zhukov, Kirill Zhukov, Danil Beglet, Eugene Kovalenko, Konstantin Kotov, Ivan Podkopaev, Aidar gubaidulin, Alexey minyailo, Sergei Fomin, Samariddin Rajabov, Nikita Chirtsov, Eduard Malyshevsky, Vladislav Sinitsa.
On September 16, the Tverskoy court of Moscow sentenced 24-year-old Ustinov to 3.5 years in a penal colony on charges of using violence against a Member of the rosgvardiya riot Police at an uncoordinated rally on August 3 in the center of Moscow (part 2 of article 318 of the criminal code).
After that, on September 20, at the request of the Prosecutor General's office, the court changed Ustinov's measure of restraint from detention to a subscription not to leave.
So, the petition for the release of Ustinov gained more than 112 thousand signatures in a day.
Theater and film artists started a flash mob in support of their colleagues.
To participate in a single picket in solidarity with the actor on September 18, a queue was formed on the Old square.
Human rights activists, journalists, scientists, teachers, doctors, and Orthodox priests demanded a review of the case.
As reported by" Interfax "Ustinov's sister Yulia, at a rally on September 29 in the capital in support of the defendants in the "Moscow case", her brother does not plan to speak.
Delivery of "sanctions" in Russia fell to 100 times
The Russian government has estimated that deliveries of agricultural products and food to Russia from countries that have fallen under the Russian food embargo have decreased by more than 100 times since 2013.
According to the report sent to Russian President Vladimir Putin, in the first half of 2019, 31 thousand tons of products were imported from the sanctioned countries against 3 million 442.2 thousand tons for the same period in 2013, Interfax reports.
At the same time, the cost of imported products decreased to $226.5 million from $4 billion 975.5 million, respectively.
We are talking about the supply of goods that are not subject to the embargo.
As indicated in the report, the dropped volumes of prohibited products were compensated by increasing imports from CIS countries, Africa, South-East Asia, and Serbia.
Recall that at the end of August, the government extended until December 31, 2020 the term of the rules for the destruction of agricultural products, raw materials and food, which are prohibited from being imported to Russia as part of counter-sanctions.
The document published on the official portal of legal information noted that the validity of the rules was extended for another year - from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020.
Initially, the decree on the destruction of sanctions applied to products from the United States, the EU, Australia, Norway and Canada.
Later, since August 13, 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland, Liechtenstein have "joined" this list, and since January 1, 2016 - Ukraine.
Putin signed a decree on the destruction of illegally imported "sanctionki" (products that fell under the food embargo, which Moscow imposed in response to anti-Russian sanctions of the West) came into force in 2015.
In turn, the government allowed the destruction of "sanctioned" food in any legal way.
As Western sanctions continued, Russia also extended its response.
At the same time, this measure does not apply to products that citizens import for personal use.
The ban does not apply to the import of goods for personal consumption weighing up to 5 kilograms.
However, Mikhail Fedotov, head of the presidential Council for the development of civil society and human rights, previously called the destruction of food "simply immoral", and this, according to him, negatively affects the education of people.
Moreover, the Rospotrebnadzor took the initiative to prohibit the destruction of food that is suitable for consumption in early June.
After that, a similar recommendation was made to the government by the human rights Council under the President of the Russian Federation.
And Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation Alexey Gordeev said that it is wrong to destroy food, and we need to think about how to use them for their intended purpose, assessing the quality.
The head of the company was found guilty of tax evasion
The sentence of Lenin district court of Cheboksary Director of "Land and law" Vyacheslav Morozov found guilty of committing crimes under paragraph "b" of part 2 of article 199 of the criminal code (evasion from payment of taxes from the organisation by inclusion in the tax Declaration of obviously false data, made in especially large size) and part 2 of article 327 of the criminal code (forgery of an official document giving the rights, and exempting from the duties in order of its use, committed to conceal another crime and to facilitate its Commission).
This is reported by the press service of the investigative Department of the TFR in Chuvashia.
From January 2008 to December 2009, Vyacheslav Morozov entered information about imperfect transactions into the LLC's tax accounting documents.
According to the fictitious documents, the company incurred additional costs, and, consequently, the amount of value-added taxes payable and the organization's profit was reduced by 11.2 million rubles.
Vyacheslav Morozov is appointed punishment in the form of 3,5 years of imprisonment conditionally.
By 2023, the first school of the new format will open in the center of the capital
A new model school will be opened in Khamovniki.
According to the head of Moskomstroyinvest Anastasia Pyatova, there will create all conditions for self-realization and development of children's talents.
The educational institution decided to name "New look".
This project will be supervised by the Moscow state Institute of international relations of the Russian Ministry of foreign Affairs and the higher school Economic development Foundation.
The design of the building with an area of about 10 thousand "squares" is planned to begin next year.
They will finish construction at the end of 2022, and will start recruiting the first students next year.
"The project provides for the creation of a public, non-commercial educational space, which will be based on the traditions of the classic Moscow school and experimental methods," the press service of Moskomstroyinvest noted.
Chile has started building a telescope worth 1 billion euros
This is reported by TASS with reference to the press service of the European southern Observatory (ESO).
According to ESO, this week the construction of the dome of the building where the e-ELT telescope (European Extremely Large telescope), the most expensive and ambitious ground - based astronomical project, will be located, officially began.
Its total cost, according to ESO estimates, will exceed a billion euros.
Most of this money will be spent on the manufacture of equipment and construction of the Observatory building.
The most expensive and complex component of the telescope is its record-breaking large mirror, whose diameter will be about 39 meters.
It will be assembled from 798 hexagonal segments measuring 1.4 meters.
This huge mirror, as well as two auxiliary reflecting surfaces with diameters of 4.2 and 3.75 meters, will help E-ELT get the first detailed photos of planets outside the Solar system, stars in other galaxies, and search for earth's counterparts.
In addition, scientists will try to use this Observatory to observe the vicinity of Sgr A*, a supermassive black hole at the center of the milky Way.
Despite the fact that the construction of the dome has only just begun, mirrors, scientific instruments and other components of the Observatory have been developed by scientists, engineers and other specialists for three years - since the first plans for the construction of the E-ELT were announced.
The contract for the production of the main mirror, whose total cost was about 400 million euros, was awarded to the German firm SCHOTT and the French company Safran Reosc.
