Three killed in UN helicopter crash in Central African Republic
Three people were killed and another injured when a Senegalese Armed Forces helicopter carrying out an operation led by a UN peacekeeping mission crashed in the western CAR town of Bouar.
This was reported on Friday by the portal DakarActu with reference to the Senegalese army.
The head of the mission, Mankeur Ndiaye, confirmed the crash, noting that the helicopter crash occurred at the time of landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter was returning from an operation against armed groups.
The Senegalese army said it was in contact with the UN about evacuating the victim and the bodies.
Coordinator of Navalny's Arkhangelsk headquarters sentenced to community service
The Oktyabrsky District Court of Arkhangelsk announced the verdict to the coordinator of the regional headquarters of Alexei Navalny Andrey Borovikov.
For repeated violation of the rules of holding rallies (Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation, the so-called Dadin article), the court assigned him 400 hours of mandatory work, reports the correspondent of "Kommersant" from the courtroom.
The case was initiated in April this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a landfill in the Arkhangelsk region.
Activist Ildar Dadin was the first to be sentenced to three years in prison under Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code in 2015.
On the eve of the verdict, on September 26, the court held arguments.
The prosecution insisted on forced labor for three years.
A preventive measure in the form of restriction of liberty was taken against me, which is that I cannot attend public mass events and cannot communicate with the organizers of the protest on April 7.
"All this time I was wearing an electronic bracelet and a base.
This is how they tracked my whereabouts.
I would like to note that I was not restricted in my movements.
Recently I arrived from Moscow, where I was training, "Andrei Borovikov said.
After the verdict, the coordinator of Navalny's regional headquarters said that he would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26, Sergei Shargunov, a deputy from the Communist Party faction, submitted to the State Duma a bill softening Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code.
Representatives of the Communist Party, the Liberal Democratic Party and the SR informed Kommersant of their intention to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: "Everyone in Rubin needs to think about the reasons for unsuccessful matches."
Rubin midfielder Pavel Mogilevets spoke about the reasons for the team's poor performance.
Kazans in the championship of Russia suffered four defeats in a row, and also were eliminated from the Cup.
We tune in to every game, "Izvestia quoted Mogilev as saying.
Therefore, each of us needs to think about the reasons for such unsuccessful matches.
Ahead still meetings - it is necessary to prepare for them and to correct a situation.
How?
If we knew, we probably would have fixed it already.
But first of all, it seems to me, we need to add in such component as single combats.
In my opinion, we have problems with this.
The Kremlin supports a ban on smoking on the balconies of residential buildings
The Kremlin supports any measures that will save lives, said presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov, commenting on the ban on smoking on balconies and loggias of apartments.
Earlier, the Cabinet approved changes to the Fire Regulations, according to which it is forbidden to use open fire on balconies and rooms of residential buildings.
Later, the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia reported that it is, among other things, a ban on smoking on balconies and loggias of apartments and hotels.
The changes will take effect on October 1, 2019.
Administrative liability is provided for the violation.
The Kremlin is positive about any solutions that help save lives.
"We know how many fires occur, many of them have very tragic consequences and public outcry.
Therefore, any life saved justifies such decisions, "Peskov said.
First of all, the spokesman assesses this as a fire measure, not a way to protect neighbors from tobacco smoke.
Peskov also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome smoking and is a supporter of a healthy lifestyle.
Gattuso is looking for a job in one of the Russian clubs
Italian football coach Gennaro Gattuso has arrived in Russia to find a new club.
According to "Championship," the 41-year-old specialist flew to Moscow to explore the possibility of finding a job in some Russian club.
Gattuso's previous job was at AC Milan, which he managed from 2017 to 2018, and which under his leadership finished fifth in the Italian Serie A standings and failed to reach the Champions League.
As a coach, he also worked for Swiss side Sion, Greek side OFI, as well as Italian side Palermo and Pisa.
Earlier it was reported that Pavel Mamayev's negotiations with Dynamo are in danger of collapse.
Ex-AC Milan coach arrives in Moscow to take charge of Russian club
Former Italy international and ex-AC Milan manager Gennaro Gattuso has flown to Moscow to take charge of the Russian club.
Gattuso is the 2006 World Champion with Italy.
At club level, he was known for playing for AC Milan, with whom he won the UEFA Champions League twice in 2003 and 2007.
The Italian began his coaching career in Sion.
For the past two seasons, Gennaro has led the Rossoneri.
Earlier it was reported that the footballer of the capital CSKA Konstantin Kuchaev spoke out against the introduction of VAR.
Secretary of the National Security Council of Ukraine resigned
Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council (NSC) of Ukraine Oleksandr Danylyuk wrote a letter of resignation, according to the office of the country's president.
This was done before the start of Volodymyr Zelensky's working visit to the United States to participate in the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
"The president will consider it upon his return to Kiev," Mr. Zelensky's office said.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree appointing former Finance Minister Oleksandr Danylyuk as Secretary of the National Security Council at the end of May.
In this position, Mr. Danylyuk replaced Alexander Turchinov, who resigned because of the change of president.
Palkina is ninth in World Cup qualifying.
Russia's Sofia Palkina finished ninth in the qualifying hammer throw in Group A at the World Championships in Doha.
Its result is 68.53 meters.
In the ending four sportswomen who have overcome a line in 72 meters will act.
They are Poland's Joanna Fedorov (73.39 m), Ukraine's Irina Klimets (72.93), France's Alexandra Tavernier (72.91) and Belarus' Anna Malyshik (72.59 m).
In the ending 12 best sportswomen from two groups will act.
Palkina's participation in the fight for medals will become known after the performance of sportswomen from Group B.
Kvyat's car failed during the first practice in Sochi
Russian Toro Rosso driver Daniil Kvyat had to complete his first free practice of the Russian Formula One Grand Prix ahead of schedule.
The Russian's car lost power and the rider was unable to reach the pits.
Kvyat parked the car in one of the security zones.
Before being eliminated from the race, the Toro Rosso driver was in fifth position.
It is expected that the second free practice will take place today, September 27, at 15: 00 Moscow time at the Sochi Autodrome.
Earlier it was reported that Kvyat shared expectations from the Grand Prix of Sochi.
China strongly opposes US adoption of "Taipei bill"
China strongly opposes the US adoption of the so-called "Taipei Bill," which seriously violates the one-China principle and the principles of the three Sino-American joint communiques.
Ma Xiaoguang, spokesman for the State Council's Taiwan Affairs Office, said on Friday.
The approval of the bill by the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations is also a serious violation of international law and the basic principles of international relations and gross interference in China's internal affairs, Ma Xiaoguang said.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues relate to China's internal affairs.
"We call on the U.S. side to clarify the situation, immediately stop promoting relevant negative bills, and immediately stop interfering in the Taiwan issue to avoid further damage to Sino-American relations, as well as peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," he said.
China must and will be reunited.
This historical trend cannot be stopped by anyone or any forces, Ma Xiaoguang stressed.
TikTok hides unwanted videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of whom are under the age of 18
Imagine China/Reuters
Chinese social network TikTok censors videos that mention Tiananmen Square, Tibetan independence or the banned religious group Falun Gong, The Guardian reports.
Documents leaked to the publication reveal that the owner of TikTok (ByteDance) uses the app to promote China's foreign policy goals abroad.
Most of the violations relating to China's policies fall under "hate speech."
In each case, TikTok places objectionable posts in a context that fits the general rules, so that the social network's actions do not appear to be censored.
For example, the ban on criticizing China's socialist system falls under the general prohibition of "criticizing or attacking the policies and social rules of any country, such as the constitutional monarchy, the parliamentary system, etc."
The ban on mentioning the Tiananmen Square incidents or the genocide in Cambodia falls under "distortion of the history of China or other countries."
The document also lists the banned names of twenty "foreign leaders or statesmen," including North Korean leaders Kim Jong-il, Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-un, Indian politician Mahatma Gandhi, US Presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Geun-hye, Indonesian President Joko Widodo and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the document states.
The banned material is divided into two categories, the document says.
Publications from the first category are removed by the administrators of the social network and may result in the blocking of the user.
Not too strict violations fall into the second category: such publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited to TikTok algorithms.
ByteDance representatives told The Guardian that these rules are outdated and no longer apply: "We are now using a localized approach for moderation, as well as engaging independent local experts."
Russian users of TikTok have no specific restrictions on publications, says co-founder of the "Production Center" Rustem Bogdanov.
Producer Center is one of the Russian media companies that officially cooperates with TikTok.
All promotional materials of bloggers "Producer Center" agrees with representatives of the social network, but user materials can be posted without approval, reports Bogdanov.
When asked if TikTok can speak out about politics or Putin, Bogdanov says yes and says he has seen such publications.
Roman Zaripov, founder of Our Didgital, agrees with Bogdanov: "The basic rules for TikTok users are listed in the user agreement: you can't post shocking content, discriminatory statements and so on."
But any content that moderators don't like can be brought under these rules, Zaripov said.
Zaripov's agency is another Russian partner of TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of whom are under the age of 18.
Under the user agreement, only people over the age of 13 can use TikTok.
Social network administrators check their age using artificial intelligence: the neural network analyzes faces and determines how old a person looks, Bogdanov says.
If the neural network decides the user is younger, their account can be deleted, he adds.
According to RBC, in September 2019, ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of the co-working company WeWork.
Residents of Istanbul told about the earthquake in the city
Strong earthquake causes panic in Turkey's largest city
Last Thursday, September 26, a magnitude 5.9 earthquake struck Istanbul.
Thirty-four people were injured, ten of whom are still in hospital.
Melike, a resident of Istanbul, admitted that she had a panic attack for the first time in her life.
"I cried so much.
I sobbed right in the workplace.
Later it became easier, I returned to business.
But I am so ashamed now! "- the girl told the TV channel" 360. "
"There was a really strong earthquake in Istanbul
Can't go back yet!
But in general, I'm fine, "political scientist Ceylan Ozgul shared his impressions.
Project manager Celine noted that the mayor keeps all residents informed, but she said residents still feel small tremors of about 3.2 or 3.5 magnitude.
She also drew attention to a communication problem immediately after the earthquake.
She said she couldn't reach her mother, but the internet worked "perfectly" and she was able to send a message via WhatsApp.
According to the website kp.ru, after the earthquake, all kindergartens and schools were closed, from where all students were evacuated.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of the powerful tremor was recorded 68 kilometers west of Istanbul, in the Sea of Marmara.
Matthews met with Toronto management.
Toronto forward Auston Matthews held a meeting with the club's management.
It discussed a case in which Matthews is accused of disorderly conduct.
Everything went well, "the player told TSN.
Of course, I made a mistake.
And I take full responsibility for the actions taken.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And we discussed with the club how to act in the current situation.
I believe that nothing has deteriorated in our relations.
In Roszdravnadzor reported on the results of the inspection on the amputation of the hand of a child
A child in the Rostov region had his arm amputated because of a mistake by doctors, reports "Vzglyad" with reference to the website of the territorial body Roszdravnadzor.
An 11-year-old boy broke his arm and was given a plaster cast at a hospital in Zernograd district.
After a while, the child developed gangrene and was amputated.
As a result of the inspection, it became clear that there were violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis, as well as the standard and scope of assistance provided.
The materials of the inspection were transferred to the SU SK of Russia in the region.
Earlier, URA.RU reported that the chief doctor of the city hospital of Yuzhnouralsk was arrested.
Russians warned about fake calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from fraudsters who replace the bank's phone number has increased.
This is reported by "Kommersant" with reference to the data of the Central Bank.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator gave telecom operators information about more than 2,500 numbers from which customers of various financial institutions called.
In 189 cases, operators detected a number change.
Another 218 numbers were blocked, and in 59 cases set a restriction on the use of financial services.
Deputy Head of the Information Security Department of the Central Bank Artem Sychev said that a wide range of Russian banks faced with the number change.
He explained that operators do not always respond to the Central Bank's warnings about fraudulent calls, referring to the absence of such a duty in the law "On Communications."
In the bank "Otkritie," Rosbank and Alfa-Bank confirmed the information about the increase in the number of fraudulent calls with number change.
According to the press service of "Beeline," some of the information about fraudulent calls, which was transmitted by the Central Bank, was incorrect: the lists included numbers that are actually used by banks to communicate with customers.
Blocking them would disrupt the organization.
Artem Sychev said that the Central Bank plans to create a database of fraudsters' numbers, which the telecom operator will turn to at each call to check the number.
He explained that in order to create such a framework, it will be necessary to amend the legislation.
US-China trade talks to resume on October 10 in Washington
A new round of trade talks between the United States and China will take place in Washington on October 10, CNBC reported.
According to his sources, the Chinese delegation will be led by Vice Premier Liu He.
It should be noted that the last round of trade talks between the United States and China was held in Shanghai at the end of July, but the sides were unable to make progress.
New reciprocal tariffs between the US and China went into effect on September 1.
Earlier, US President Donald Trump said Washington and Beijing could reach a trade agreement sooner than expected.
The State Duma will check for violations of the law "Voice of America," "Medusa" and "BBC"
The State Duma Commission to Investigate Foreign Interference in Russia's Internal Affairs will conduct inspections of some media outlets for violations of Russian law.
This is reported by Interfax with reference to the head of the commission Vasily Piskarev.
Medusa, MBH Media, Voice of America, Present Time, Radio Liberty and the BBC Russian Service came to the attention of the commission.
Earlier it was reported about the planned inspections of Google and Facebook services.
Piskarev also said that he would ask the Foreign Ministry to decide on further accreditation of the German Deutsche Welle, in whose publications the commission found signs of justification for extremism.
In September, Roskomnadzor revealed political advertising on Google, Facebook and Youtube.
According to the Ministry, this happened during the Russian elections on September 8.
The facts of the violations were referred to the State Duma commission.
Google later said the company supports responsible political advertising.
According to the employees, it is obliged to comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook noted that advertisers, not the platform, should be responsible for complying with Russia's election laws.
The head of Roskomnadzor, Alexander Zharov, accused the companies of applying double standards in the placement of political advertising.
Stoltenberg discusses Ukraine's accession to NATO with Zelensky
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky discussed Ukraine's membership in the alliance on the sidelines of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The Secretary General said this during a speech at Columbia University in New York.
Answering the question whether the relevant topic was raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg said that they did discuss the issue, and also stressed that in his answer he did not give a date for Ukraine's accession to NATO.
According to him, any country that would like to join the North Atlantic Alliance is obliged to fulfill certain conditions in order to meet specific standards, writes RT.
Crimea offers Zelensky alternative to NATO course
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, instead of pursuing a policy of joining NATO, should focus on establishing good-neighborly relations with Russia.
This was announced on Friday, September 27, by co-chairman of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets.
"Pan the president of Ukraine does not need to repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but should heed the advice of [US President] Donald Trump, which he listened to with a sour face, and improve relations with the president of Russia," - said Chegrinets to reporters "RIA Novosti."
Chegrinets noted that Zelensky is a good actor for him, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will be able to remain in power only if relations with Russia are established.
Earlier on September 27, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that he had a conversation with Zelensky on the country's accession to the alliance.
According to him, for this purpose Ukraine is obliged to fulfill certain conditions.
On June 5, MP Yevgeny Balitsky said that Ukraine's possible accession to the alliance does not guarantee the improvement of life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
Barcelona blackmail Neymar
Spanish club Barcelona and its former player Brazilian Neymar are trying to settle a financial dispute that arose after the striker's move to French club Paris Saint-Germain.
The case almost went to court, but the Catalans offered the player to resolve the dispute without Themis' intervention.
Otherwise, they refuse to allow him to return.
Neymar and his cunning father, who is also the Brazilian's agent, have developed an interesting focus: under the agreement with Barca, which the player signed in 2016, he was to receive 40 million euros.
However, just a year later, the forward ended up at PSG for a record €222 million.
However, he received 22 million from the Catalans and now wants to take the remaining 18.
Not only that, the Brazilian's lawyers insist that the club also owes him interest for late payment.
When Neymar's claims became known in the Catalan capital, Barcelona filed a counterclaim.
The Blue-Pomegranates insist that the bonus was due for the fulfillment of the entire contract - from 2016 to 2022.
Accordingly, the club believe that the player was entitled to only a quarter of the 40 million euros and demand a refund of the proportional part of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer Neymar and Barca almost agreed on the return of the "prodigal" player to the bosom of Catalonia.
True, the deal fell through, but the hope of a reverse move for the forward remains.
And so, as reported by Sports.Ru with reference to insiders, the club's lawyers told the player's representatives that if the issue of financial claims is not settled in pre-trial proceedings, it will rule out the possibility of the return of the Brazilian.
Neymar himself is so eager to return that he has asked for assurances that the Catalans will buy him back.
March Laar: EKRE members will not join the Board of the Bank of Estonia
EKRE members have not been and will not be invited to the board.
According to the composition of the Board of the Bank of Estonia, conclusions are drawn about the credibility of the Estonian state.
As long as such behavior persists among EKRE members that they first speak and then think, none of them will be invited to the bank's board.
"The Chairman of the Board of the Bank of Estonia cannot apologize for the statements of the members of the Board," Laar said in an interview with Delfi, the ERR broadcasting portal reported.
At the same time, Laar noted that EKRE is represented at the meetings of the Eesti Bank Council.
The current seventh board of the Bank of Estonia includes, in addition to Laar, Liina Tynisson, Kaye Kerem, Urmas Varblane, Kalev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (Reform Party), Anne Listra and Rein Minka.
At Laar's suggestion, two councillors, Kallo and Tynisson, were to be replaced by Enna Eesmaa (Centre Party) and Ivari Padar (Social Democratic Party).
At the same time, the Reform Party wanted Andres Sutte to join the council instead of Jaanus Tamkivi.
But Laar replied that the aim of the Reform Party was to get two seats on the board of the Bank of Estonia - so that in addition to Jaanus Tamkivi, Andres Sutte would also be on the board.
On Tuesday, 24 September, the Riigikogu rejected Laar's proposal to appoint new members to the Board of the Bank of Estonia.
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the scandal in Kyrgyzstan with Malakhov's show
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the situation with the indignation caused in Kyrgyzstan by the next edition of Andrei Malakhov's program "Live," RIA Novosti reported.
Earlier, the Russian diplomat was summoned to the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry after the broadcast.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic believes that the presenter made incorrect statements regarding the situation around Kyrgyz citizen Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant in the accident in which Russian Alexander Marugov died.
Malakhov said that a citizen of Kyrgyzstan could have arranged the accident.
The accident occurred on July 8 in Moscow.
Marugov crashed his motorcycle into a taxi driven by Akbarov.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is the culprit of the accident.
Malakhov himself, who was asked to apologize by Kyrgyz citizens, said that these words were just a personal opinion.
As explained in the Russian diplomatic department, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan did not call Russian diplomats - there was a planned working visit, during which, among other issues, discussed the statements of the TV host.
"Andrei Malakhov's point of view is the journalist's opinion, his personal view of the situation," the Foreign Ministry said, replying that the incident would not affect interstate relations between Russia and Kyrgyzstan.
Figure skaters Artemyev and Nazarychev won the stage of the junior Grand Prix in Zagreb
Russian figure skaters Yulia Artemyeva and Mikhail Nazarychev won gold in the competition of sports couples at the stage of the junior Grand Prix, held in Zagreb, writes TASS.
For short and free programs Artemyev and Nazarychev received 179.83 points.
In second place with a score of 177.58 points was another Russian pair - Diana Mukhametzyanova and Ilya Mironov, bronze went to Germans Annika Hocke and Robert Kunkel (156.31 points).
Russian pair Anna Shcheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of the stage in Zagreb reached the final of the junior Grand Prix.
It will be held in Turin from 5 to 8 December.
Later on September 27, the free skate will be shown by young men in singles.
Tournament in the Croatian capital will come to the end on Saturday, September 28.
On September 21, Russian figure skater Alexandra Trusova set new world records in the free skate and total points at the tournament in Slovakia.
The judges rated her free skate at 163.78 points and the short program at 74.91 points.
For the 15-year-old sportswoman these competitions became the first at adult level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics made in Belarus only
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only manufactured by Belarus.
Lukashenko visited one of the local cosmetics companies in Minsk today.
He said that imported cosmetics are no better than Belarusian cosmetics, and the advantage of domestic products is that they are made of local raw materials.
"We should use our own," the Belarusian leader said.
Alexander Lukashenko said that it is necessary to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the Belarusian leader advised local sugar processors to find new markets for their products.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exports to Russia and "not to suffer."
The situation with sugar exports has deteriorated due to the excess of the product in the markets, - reminds RBC.
This was also the case in Russia, where, because of the surplus, sugar cost 50 kopecks per kilogram less than in Belarus.
In Domodedovo, a truck hit and killed a seven-year-old girl at a crossing
The driver hit the mother and child at a pedestrian crossing in Domodedovo, told Interfax the head of the press service of the State Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia in the Moscow region Tatyana Petrova.
According to Petrova, the incident occurred on Friday at 08: 25 on Gagarin Street.
A mother and her daughter were hit by a resident of Domodedovo, born in 1994, while driving a truck "Gas."
As a result of the accident, a seven-year-old child died on the spot and the woman was hospitalized.
"A criminal case has been opened against the driver under Part 3 of Article 264 of the Criminal Code (violation of traffic rules and the operation of vehicles, resulting in the negligent death of a person)," - said a representative of the regional police chief.
The sanction of this article provides for a maximum penalty of imprisonment for up to 5 years.
The offender has now been detained, Petrova concluded.
The former head of the DPR spoke about his work in Russia
The former acting head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR), Dmitry Trapeznikov, who headed the Elista administration, assessed the state of the city.
The official said this in a comment to the Telegram channel "Rise."
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic state.
"It is necessary to equalize the economy, it is necessary to put an economic hand: here, of course, it is necessary to do both roads and outdoor lighting," he said, adding that among the tasks is to make a comfortable and comfortable city.
Trapeznikov was proposed by the head of Kalmykia, Batu Khasikov, for the post of mayor of Elista.
The former acting head of the DPR admitted that he had known the head of the region for a long time.
In particular, he repeatedly came to the republic, where he was engaged in work with young people and held sporting events.
"And so he addressed me, invited me to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then offered to lead the city," the official added.
Separately, Trapeznikov commented on the information of a source belonging to Grigory Berezkin RBC, who said that his candidacy for the head of Kalmykia was proposed by presidential aide Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication, "has long been friends" with Hasikov.
"They don't write much.
And at the level of various fictional stories happens.
I think you shouldn't pay attention, "he added.
Mayor Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and a DNR passport.
On 26 September, he became head of the Elista administration.
Putin and Security Council discuss security without INF Treaty
The meeting also discussed the settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee
Russian President Vladimir Putin has discussed with the Russian Security Council issues of ensuring security after the termination of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, including taking into account the proposal of a number of NATO member states to impose a moratorium on the deployment of the INF Treaty.
This was announced by the press secretary of the Russian leader Dmitry Peskov.
The Kremlin representative noted that the meeting also discussed current issues of the country's social and economic development, as well as further prospects for a settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Chairman of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko, Secretary of the Security Council Nikolai Patrushev, Director of the FSB Alexander Bortnikov, Head of the Defense Ministry Sergei Shoigu, Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin.
According to the website kp.ru, on September 25, the Russian leader sent a proposal to some NATO member states to impose a moratorium on the deployment of intermediate-range and shorter-range missiles in Europe.
However, Secretary General of Alnans Jens Stoltenberg called Putin's proposal unrealistic.
A dump truck demolished an overpass on a highway under construction in Crimea
A dump truck with a raised body knocked down two beams of an overpass under construction on the Tavrida highway in the Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cab and thus saved his life.
The incident occurred on the morning of September 27 in the Bakhchisaray region of the peninsula.
The man driving the heavy car forgot to lower the body, and when he remembered, it was too late to brake.
The driver jumped out of the cab and the dump truck crashed into the overpass at speed.
The collapsed beams crushed the cabin and blocked the roadway, which, however, is not yet moving.
The amount of damage has yet to be determined, and it is planned to recover it from the subcontractor for the construction of the route, whose driver caused the accident.
Medvedev congratulated teachers on their professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated educators and all preschool workers on their professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in a telegram published on the Government's website.
Medvedev noted that the profession of educator is special, requiring great love for his work, wisdom, patience and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you with their child.
And you do everything to make the kindergarten a second home for children, where it is cozy, interesting, safe.
"Together with you, they get to know the world around them, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn independence, the ability to communicate and make friends," the Prime Minister said.
According to the Prime Minister, thanks to the educator, children develop character and develop abilities.
Medvedev is sure that the future of children depends on the teacher.
"That is why the development of preschool education, the improvement of its quality, the construction of modern kindergartens, the material support of preschool workers are the priorities of the state social policy, which the national project" Demography "is aimed at solving," the Prime Minister said.
Rooms in the center of Moscow are rented for the price of an apartment on the outskirts
Despite the decrease in the number of communals in Moscow, the demand for them is not falling.
The supply is tightened behind the demand due to the room rent of apartments.
In the center of Moscow, room rentals are rising faster than in the outskirts - mainly because of high demand.
At the same time, rooms in the center are rented at the price of apartments on the outskirts.
Thus, in Khamovniki, the average price for renting a room is 28 thousand rubles, according to a study by the portal "World of Apartments."
For this money you can rent a single room near the Moscow Ring Road.
On Arbat, rooms are rented for an average of 27.3 thousand rubles, although individual offers can compete with rates not only for one-room, but also for two-room apartments in sleeping areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are rented in Kapotna - the average price tag for the district was 13.6 thousand rubles.
The second place in cheapness at the district Biryulyovo Zapadnoye (13.8 thousand).
For 14.1 thousand rooms in Biryulyov Vostochny and Veshnyaki are rented.
The most expensive area behind the Moscow Ring Road was Solntsevo, where rooms are rented for almost 16 thousand rubles per month.
Rooms in North and South Butov and Novo-Peredelkin will be slightly cheaper.
How to increase your future pension and not recycle
It is capable of paying pensions not only to the Pension Fund of the Russian Federation, but also to non-state pension funds.
NPF are private companies, reports "Volgogradskaya Pravda.ru."
They work as a contribution: you make contributions, the fund invests them and eventually returns the money to you with interest.
If you are interested in this method, first study the information about APF on the Bank of Russia website.
All funds operate according to the same rules, which are established by federal laws.
Pension points can be bought by law.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of service you do not have enough to calculate your pension.
This method is suitable for those who have worked informally.
In addition, it is possible to make a contribution for a relative, for example, for a housewife.
Recommendation for those who are thinking about a pension at the beginning of their career.
Civil service employees, doctors, teachers, agricultural workers and people who have worked for a certain number of years in the Far North receive increased pension payments.
In order not to deny yourself anything with the onset of retirement age, take care of it in advance.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, save money for deposits.
The most important thing is to constantly improve your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth power unit of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant
The video, taken in the control room of Unit 4 at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, appeared on the Internet, first published on YouTube by the video agency Ruptly.
It is noted that a group of 15 representatives of the media gained access to the fourth control room of the Chernobyl reactors as part of the presentation of the guide to the exclusion zone.
According to RT's Telegram channel, the journalists were there in special protective suits for less than five minutes, as the ruins of the power unit destroyed by the explosion still emit radiation 40,000 times higher than normal.
The accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred on the night of April 26, 1986.
Twelve regions in Ukraine and 23% of the area of Belarus were exposed to radiation pollution.
In Russia, 19 regions were affected.
Recall that in July this year, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky signed a decree according to which a green corridor opened to tourists appeared in the Chernobyl zone.
The ban on filming has also been lifted in the exclusion zone.
Earlier it was reported that the exclusion zone of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant from the Belarusian side was opened to tourists.
The organizers of the excursions stressed that it is possible to get less radiation in the zone per day than during the flight by plane.
Tarasov repeated Ibrahimovic's trick
The former Lokomotiv Moscow midfielder took part in the challenge, which was launched by Swedish forward of the American "Los Angeles Galaxy" Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Tarasov posted a video of the stunt on his Instagram.
After that, Tarasov challenged halfbacks "railwaymen" Alexei and Anton Miranchuk, rap artist T-Killah, as well as bloggers from the YouTube channel 2DROTS.
The Swede posted a video with the hashtag # matrixchallenge, in which he holds the ball on his chest, leaning back, and performs hand movements like the protagonist of the film "The Matrix" Neo, who in one scene similarly dodged bullets flying into him.
Ibrahimovic offered to repeat the trick to Manchester United's Paul Pogba, tennis player Novak Djokovic, Russian UFC champion Khabib Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Raiola, noting them under the record.
Earlier it was reported that the wife of the Ukrainian footballer took part in Ibrahimovic's challenge.
Trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia may reach $6 billion in 2019
With the emerging positive trend, the trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia could reach 6 billion rubles by the end of 2019, said Slovak Economy Minister Peter Zhiga.
At the meeting of the intergovernmental commission on economic, scientific and technical cooperation of the Russian Federation and Slovakia, the Minister noted the growth of trade turnover between the two countries.
At the end of last year, it amounted to 13 percent, the figure of 5.5 billion dollars was reached.
In the first half of 2019, the states reached 3 billion dollars of mutual trade turnover, Zhiga said.
According to the head of the Ministry of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov, in order to consolidate this positive trend, it is necessary to increase cooperation in the industrial sector.
Earlier it became known that the parliamentarians of Russia and Slovakia are going to hold joint events on the development of tourism between the countries, as well as cooperation in the field of health and education.
TNT decided that rapper Gough wasn't good enough for the show "The Bachelor"
The network spent several days condemning whether rapper Gough deserved to be the new "Bachelor."
He was also remembered for his numerous infidelities and adventures with escorts, and even decided that in this way the musician wants to be rehabilitated for the controversial video "Moscow," which received a record number of dislikes from listeners.
But the entire management of the TNT channel decided to stop all transfers at once.
Gough will not be a new contestant on The Bachelor.
In an official statement, the press service said that he was considered for the role, but eventually chose another candidate.
Who could be better than Gough?
Yes, in fact, anyone...
"Well, at least in some ways the producers were able to figure out, not the format it is for this program," "Yes, they just wanted little girls for him did not dial," "Again, another sweet boy on the screen will be dragged," - compose the news users of the web.
Mahomed Ismailov: "When I hear such support of fans, I become simply abnormal in a cage."
The Russian fighter of the mixed single combats (MMA) Mahomed Ismailov commented on a victory over Artem Frolov on the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy is just a cannon.
He has cannon blows.
And when I looked him in the eye, I saw desire and character.
This is a real man.
More respect for him.
I wish him good luck in the future.
He's a real man.
When I hear such support of fans, I become simply abnormal in a cage.
It was very hard.
I tried.
I talked about the show.
Did I promise the show?
Was it a show?
Thank you.
And to those who said that I suffocate in the third round...
Ismailov ended his speech with a victorious gesture.
Deutsche Welle may be stripped of its accreditation and recognized as a foreign agent
The State Duma Commission concluded that the German television and radio company Deutsche Welle violated the law, RIA Novosti reported.
Documents will be sent to the Ministry of Justice for recognition of Deutsche Welle as a foreign agent.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation has received materials for deprivation of accreditation on the territory of Russia.
Representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in a meeting of the State Duma commission to investigate the facts of interference of other countries in the internal affairs of Russia.
A massive Facebook outage has hit Europe.
Ukraine also got
The social network Facebook in Europe has suffered a massive outage.
Recall, before that the social network "fell" on September 23.
According to the monitoring resource of the network Downdetector, the greatest problems with access to the social network are experienced by Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, as well as almost the whole of the UK.
Large-scale disruptions are observed on the border of Romania and Bulgaria, in Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Portugal.
Also, Facebook is not available almost throughout Poland, in places in Belarus and the Baltic States.
In Ukraine, judging by the map of failures, Facebook is not available in the Kiev region, as well as partially in Kharkiv and Vinnytsia regions.
Note that in early September, Wikipedia users also experienced problems.
What club will take released on parole Pavel Mamayev
Football player Pavel Mamayev, released last week from the colony on parole, will not return to the football club "Krasnodar."
The former midfielder of this club in the near future can sign a contract with FC "Rostov," - reports the portal "Championship."
According to the publication, negotiations between representatives of "Rostov" and Mamayev are now in the final stage.
The 31-year-old is expected to sign a two-year contract with an option for another season.
"Sport-Express" writes that a day earlier Pavel Mamayev had to undergo a medical examination in Moscow "Dynamo," but the inspection did not take place because of the "uncertain situation in the club."
Krasnodar terminated the contract with Mamayev last week by agreement of the parties.
The midfielder has played for the Krasnodar club since 2014.
With the team he twice won bronze of the championship of Russia.
Earlier, Mamayev played for Torpedo Moscow and CSKA Moscow.
From 2009 to 2016, Mamayev played for the Russian national team, playing 15 matches.
Together with Zenit player Alexander Kokorin, Mamayev was serving a sentence for his involvement in fights in central Moscow last October.
In mid-September, they were released from the colony on parole.
Zenit signed a new contract with Kokorin.
A man with a samurai sword tried to defend a cart found in a garbage heap
A resident of Oakland Park, Florida, has been arrested on attempted murder charges after swinging a samurai sword at his opponent in a dispute over a cart found in the trash.
Curtis Miller, 54, was digging through a pile of garbage near an empty house.
This was noticed by Todd Beavers, who went out for an evening walk.
The latter decided to join the search and found a black cart among the scraps.
Miller saw Beavers' discovery and was upset.
He thought he could claim the trolley because he was the first to dig into the garbage.
The men began to argue.
Suddenly, Beavers grabbed the cart and ran with it toward his house.
Miller then took a samurai sword he had found in the same pile and pursued his opponent.
He caught up with Beavers near his house.
Miller snatched the sword from its sheath and began waving it in the direction of the cart thief.
Beavers told Miller that the incident was being recorded on video.
Spotting the video camera, Miller fled, but threatened to return.
Beavers left the cart in the yard and entered the house.
Soon after, he saw an unknown woman enter his yard and take the cart, shouting insults.
Police were already looking for Miller for driving without a license.
The man was arrested and charged with attempted murder.
In September, it was reported that a hedge fund manager in Hardiston, New Jersey, attacked an unknown woman and wounded her with a sword.
So he reacted to the fact that the guests at the wedding, which was celebrated in the same hotel where he was staying, did not let him smoke.
Riots for three
The "Moscow affair" against the participants of the summer protests, the further it goes, the more noticeably it splits into separate fragments and loses its political content.
Evidence of "mass unrest" itself does not stand up to scrutiny, but in the absence of a political decision to put the brakes on the case, a weak evidence base would not necessarily lead to the dismissal of charges.
The collapse of the case should inspire the public, but will surely leave in extreme irritation the security forces, whose efforts to fill the case with defendants and evidence have been in vain.
On Thursday, September 26, one of the three remaining defendants in the case under Article 212 of the Criminal Code (mass riots) - Alexei Minyailo was unexpectedly released from custody without any obligations, and a few hours later and completely rehabilitated: the TFR dropped the charges against him.
Minyailo was detained for almost two months, and several professional communities stood up for him: historians, priests, writers.
After that, only two defendants remained in the case for participation in mass riots (initially there were 13 defendants): Sergei Fomin, who was transferred to house arrest on September 3, and Samariddin Radzhabov, to whom the court extended his arrest until the end of December (he is also accused of using violence against a government official, Article 318 of the Criminal Code).
The court sentenced the author of a joke petition on Latvia's accession to the United States
The Court of Vidzeme Suburb of Riga sentenced the author of a humorous petition on Latvia's accession to the United States of America, Denis Bartetsky.
It is noted that the man was assigned 80 hours of correctional labor and one year of probation.
"Common sense is not the strongest side of our system," Bartetsky commented on the court's decision.
He also added that usually the punishment is less than requested.
The collection of signatures on Latvia's accession to the United States was organized in 2016.
Meanwhile, at the same time as this petition, the site collected signatures on Latvia's accession to the "Galactic Empire" and on the country's withdrawal from the solar system and the Milky Way.
It is noted that a criminal case was opened against Bartetsky under the first paragraph of Article 82 of the Criminal Law of the country - "Public call to undermine the territorial integrity of the Republic of Latvia."
Prior to that, in 2016, the author of an online petition for Latvia's accession to Russia received six months in prison.
Japanese airliner makes emergency landing in Khabarovsk
Boeing, flying from Austria to Japan, made an emergency landing at Khabarovsk airport, TASS reported.
The airliner, owned by the Japanese company ANA, was carrying 206 people, including 12 crew members.
It is noted that there were no casualties.
Another flight took off for the people from Tokyo.
A representative of Khabarovsk airport told the agency that the cause of the incident was a drop in oil pressure in one of the aircraft's engines.
Earlier it was reported that the plane, flying from Zhukovsky airport near Moscow to Kyrgyzstan, made an emergency landing at Samara airport because of a sick child on board.
Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia proposes to punish for insulting police officers on the Internet
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia has prepared amendments to the law "On Police" in order to protect the police from the dissemination of defamatory and defamatory information on the Internet.
On Friday, the federal portal of normative legal acts appeared an application for public discussion of the bill, the draft document itself has not yet been published.
The explanatory note to the document notes that it is being developed in connection with the need to protect the honor and dignity of a police officer from "the dissemination in the information networks, including the Internet, of defamatory information, including those of a defamatory nature."
Exactly how police officers are supposed to be protected from defamation online is not specified.
At the same time, the explanation to the document notes that the provisions of the amendments will be applied "by individualizing the mechanism" already provided for by the law on blocking posts that insult government officials and the law on fines for such posts.
Both laws came into force in March this year.
The final text of the bill will be published after public discussions and an independent anti-corruption review.
According to the explanatory note, the amendments to the law "On Police" should come into force in January 2020.
On March 18, President Vladimir Putin signed a law punishing "blatant disrespect for the state" on the Internet.
According to this document, Roskomnadzor warns the resource about the violation and gives it a day to eliminate it.
For the first violation of the prohibitions, a fine of 30 to 300 thousand rubles is provided, and for repeated violation - administrative arrest for up to 15 days.
On April 12, Roskomnadzor applied this rule to the media for the first time, blocking the Yaroslavl edition of 76.ru.
Soon after, the Chudovsky District Court of the Novgorod Region fined a local resident 30,000 rubles for posting online "two records with information in an indecent form that offends human dignity and public morals and expresses clear disrespect for society, the state, and the bodies exercising state power in the Russian Federation."
The term of reduction of mortgage rates
Rates on housing loans in Russia will decrease until the end of 2019.
This was stated by the general director of the credit organization "Dom.rf" Alexander Plutnik, reports "Interfax."
As Plutnik noted at the board under the Ministry of Construction of Russia, most banks in the remaining months of the year will conduct another cycle of reducing mortgage rates, and the market average will reach 8.9 percent - the level envisaged by the national project "Housing and Urban Environment."
According to the project passport, in 2019 the average mortgage rate should be 8.9 percent, in 2021 - 8.5 percent, by 2024 - 7.9 percent.
The program provides for "the provision of affordable housing for middle-income families, including the creation of opportunities for purchase (their construction of housing using a mortgage, the rate of which should be less than 8 percent)."
Earlier in September, it became known that one of the largest players in the Russian mortgage market - Sberbank - plans to carry out another reduction in rates on housing loans by the end of 2019.
Will phytoestrogens and phytoandrogens help prolong youth?
The topic of phytoandrogens is poorly understood.
Among the most famous is pine pollen.
But phytoestrogens are well studied and have a positive effect on the body.
They reduce the risks of certain diseases associated with age (among them cardiovascular, some cancers).
Known sources of phytoestrogens are all legumes (the most popular is soy), hops, flax seeds.
However, many experts believe that such dietary supplements cannot act as a complete replacement for natural hormones.
Possible harm from such supplements cannot be ruled out.
For example, against the background of their intake, the production of their own hormones may be reduced due to the fact that the body receives too many analogues from outside.
Veretennikov urged to revive Kazakhstan's "Zhenis."
Former striker of "Rotor" and the Russian national team Oleg Veretennikov joined the campaign to revive Kazakhstan's "Zhenis."
The club from Astana, which in different years was called "Dynamo," "Tselinnik," "Astana" and "Zhenis," was disbanded in 2014.
Veretennikov defended his colours in 2004 and 2008.
"I learned about the action to revive the football club" Zhenis, "organized by its fans.
And I couldn't stay away!
I spent a season and a half at this club.
It wasn't the best of times in terms of results and funding, but I will never forget this club and its loyal fans who have always been with the team!
The Munaitpasov Stadium, where I scored my 200th career goal, will always be remembered!
"Genius" must be reborn!
He has a huge history and great fans.
I wish them all the best and believe that the city authorities will return their hometown club to them! "Veretennikov wrote on Instagram.
Complex "Bastion" launched in Chukotka rocket "Onyx"
For the first time, the Defense Ministry launched a cruise missile from the Bastion complex in Chukotka.
Onyx launched at a distance of 350 kilometers from the target, and 200 of them flew over land, a record for this type of missile.
About 10 warships and vessels of the Pacific Fleet, as well as naval aircraft, provided the safety of firing, the Department of Information and Mass Communications of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation reported.
Previously, Bastion complexes were never used in Chukotka.
The Met Office has named the right folk signs
In Russia, there are a lot of folk will, by which people try to predict the weather.
Unfortunately, not all of them work.
The Met Office has checked all the signs that supposedly work.
Meteorologists have concluded that only two of them can really be trusted, albeit in the short term.
As the scientific director of the Met Office of Russia Roman Vilfand said, if the sun is red during sunset, the next day will really be sunny, as our ancestors noted.
And if the heavenly light is white, it will rain the next day.
The second working sign is based on bird watching.
More often they talk about swallows, if they fly low, it is usually to rain.
The explanation is simple - when the humidity is high, the mosquito's wings get wet and the birds are forced to descend to hunt insects, TASS writes.
There are folk signs on different continents.
Groundhog Day is a traditional national holiday in the United States and Canada, celebrated annually on February 2.
It is believed that on this day it is necessary to watch the marmot climbing out of its burrow to determine the time of the arrival of spring.
Unidentified oil spills found on beaches in northeastern Brazil
Oil spills of unknown origin have been found on 99 beaches in northeastern Brazil.
Pockets of pollution were scattered over two thousand kilometers of coastline.
Reports of the first discovered oil spills began to arrive on September 2.
However, every day until Thursday, their number, as well as the territorial coverage, continued to increase.
The Brazilian Environment Institute conducted a chemical analysis of the identified samples.
It turned out that all of them are identical and we are talking about crude oil.
The state oil corporation Petrobras, which was given the samples for analysis, said that their composition does not correspond to oil extracted from fields in Brazil.
"This is thick oil.
It can be dropped from one of the ships after cleaning the tanks.
Many continue to do so.
And most likely it got into the ocean current, "Rogerio Almeida, coordinator of the oil workers' union in the states of Pernambuco and Paraiba, told Brazilian news portal G1.
He added that despite the ban on the practice, many ships continue to dump waste on the high seas.
On the beaches of four of the eight affected states in the northeast, environmentalists found nine sea turtles completely covered in oil film.
Only two of them were saved.
In the coming days, the Brazilian Environment Institute, together with Petrobras, will begin cleaning up polluted beaches.
In the meantime, experts of the Institute recommend tourists and local residents to bypass the oil spills and notify about all detected pollution hotspots.
Medvedev instructed to review the standards of work of catering enterprises
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev instructed Rospotrebnadzor, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Economy and the Ministry of Industry and Trade, together with the business ombudsman and the business community, to revise the sanitary and epidemiological rules and regulations for catering organizations.
They will also have to study the issue of transition to the application of the requirements established by the technical regulations of the Eurasian Economic Union in the organization of catering.
The agencies should submit their proposals to the government no later than October 15, according to a list of instructions from Mr. Medvedev following the results of the September 11 program "Dialogue" on the TV channel "Russia 24."
By the same date, Mr. Medvedev instructed all the mentioned agencies, in addition to the Ministry of Justice, to submit proposals for conducting an experiment from January 1, 2020 to limit control measures for catering organizations in a number of regions, including Moscow, Tatarstan and the Kaliningrad region.
The Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Economy have been instructed to submit to the government by November 11 a bill amending the Administrative Code on the application of administrative suspension of activities for violation of the requirements for the organization of food, which caused harm to health.
In addition, the Ministry of Labor, the Ministry of Economy, Rospotrebnadzor and the Ministry of Finance need to work out the issue of a gradual transition from 2021 to the formation of a consumer basket based on a basic set of products that allows to form a full diet of healthy food.
Recall, the business community started talking about outdated standards of requirements after one cafe from the AnderSon chain was closed.
The business community demanded the cancellation of the existing SanPiNs, Rospotrebnadzor announced the joint development of new ones.
The list included 33 agencies.
Meanwhile, Rospotrebnadzor intends to reduce the number of sanitary standards and regulations by 40 times by 2021.
Currently, detectives have information about three thefts involving the detainee.
The man was armed in the Skuratovsky microdistrict of Tula.
He stole batteries and auto magnets from cars.
Of the two vehicles - VAZ-2106 and VAZ-2107 - the kidnapper took the batteries, presumably for further sale.
"And from one more car VAZ-2107 for the same purpose the attacker took a car magnet and a subwoofer," - reported in the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Tula region.
The stolen attacker probably intended to resell.
The 26-year-old unemployed man has now been detained.
Russians have nothing to save for retirement - V. Matvienko
Speaker of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko believes that Russians do not have enough savings for the country to fully earn the bill on a guaranteed pension product.
The practice of increasing pensions through personal savings is quite common in the world.
Another thing is how timely its introduction is in our country.
"In my opinion, now a significant part of the population has incomes, from which they simply have nothing to allocate to increase pension provision in the future," V. Matvienko said.
Russians, according to the speaker, can not understand the mechanisms of formation and calculation of pensions, because "constant changes in this area have finally confused them."
This does not mean that I am against improving the pension system that regulates its legislation.
"Russia is a social state, and we must do everything to improve the size of pensions and social protection of citizens.
But steps in this direction should be thoughtful, responsible, taking into account domestic realities, "V. Matvienko told RIA Novosti.
The head of the SF stressed that if this initiative (the bill on the guaranteed pension product) develops, several basic principles should be provided, including voluntariness, tax preferences for citizens and employers and strict guarantees and the responsibility of the state to ensure the safety of pension savings.
On September 6, the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation announced that the draft law on the guaranteed pension product (GPP) had been sent for approval.
Among its main elements are an exclusively voluntary procedure for citizens to join the savings system, guaranteeing the safety of long-term pension savings of citizens by the state, registration of savings accounts of citizens by the central administrator, tax benefits for business and tax deductions for citizens.
Spider-Man remains in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Sony and Disney agree
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The news of the beloved superhero's departure from the Marvel Cinematic Universe has drawn the ire of many loyal fans
One of the most famous comic book heroes, Spider-Man, will remain in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Disney and Sony Pictures managed to negotiate the rights to use it in the franchise's films.
This was announced in a press release from Sony, which said that the third part of "Spider-Man" with Tom Holland will be released on July 16, 2021.
Earlier, it was reported that Disney and Sony Pictures could not reach a consensus on revenue sharing, causing Spider-Man to leave the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Sony owns the rights to the movie hero.
She rented them out for Marvel films, which is owned by Disney.
As a result, Sony earned revenue from box office receipts and Disney from souvenirs and toys.
At one point, Disney reportedly stopped making such a provision, and the company wanted to renegotiate the agreement.
Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige said he was delighted.
It's amazing that Spidey's [Spider-Man's] journey in the Marvel Cinematic Universe will continue.
"All of us at Marvel Studios are very excited to be able to continue working on it.
Spider-Man is an iconic figure.
This is a hero whose story touches all generations and audiences around the world, "he said in a press release.
At the same time, Feige recalled that Sony is also creating its own cinematic universe, built just around Spider-Man.
"It so happens that he is the only superpowered hero who has found himself in different cinemas.
So while Sony continues to develop its own Spidey universe, the future may bring unexpected surprises, "he said.
Tom Holland, who played Spider-Man in five films, apparently commenting on the news, posted an excerpt from The Wolf of Wall Street on his Instagram account, in which Leonardo di Caprio's character shouts "I'm not leaving!"
Information about the contradictions between the companies appeared in August.
According to media reports, Disney wanted to receive half of the box office revenue from the Spider-Man films on the condition that both companies pay half of the cost of producing the films.
But that didn't suit Sony.
News of the possible departure of the beloved superhero from the Marvel Cinematic Universe has drawn the ire of many loyal fans.
Details of the new terms have not yet been disclosed.
According to CNBC, Sony declined to comment on the agreement, but said, "We've been working well together for the past four years, and our shared desire to continue working together was commensurate with the wishes of many [Spider-Man] fans.
We are glad that we can go forward together. "
Avengers: Endgame, which brought together Spider-Man, Thor, the Hulk and other Marvel superheroes, became the highest-grossing film in the history of world cinema, ousting Avatar from first place.
President of Belarus invited to visit Crimea
Head of the Belarusian community of Crimea Roman Chegrinets invited Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko to visit the peninsula.
The main dream is to transfer power by inheritance
How Lukashenka's 25-year rule in Belarus was remembered
In his opinion, closer economic cooperation with Belarus will benefit the region.
Chegrinets expressed confidence that Belarusian enterprises will come to Crimea after Lukashenka, RIA Novosti reports.
On September 26, the President of Belarus responded negatively to a question from a Ukrainian journalist about the return of Crimea to Ukraine.
According to the Belarusian leader, he does not consider it possible in the foreseeable future: "This issue is closed once and for all."
However, in Kiev and the West, the results of the vote were not recognized.
Lukashenko gives reasons for continuation of conflict in Donbass
Famous blogger Andrei Poltava came with searches: what is known at the moment
On Friday, September 27, in Poltava, the house of relatives of volunteer and blogger Andrei Karpov, known as Andrei Poltava, is being searched.
This was reported by the blogger on Facebook, noting that he does not live at this address.
In addition, Poltava writes that once again he received an email with this content: "We inform you that on the territory... I left a homemade bomb.
The second similar explosive device planted in the car will be detonated today near the house of the famous Ukrainian propagandist Karpov Andriy Anatolyevich (also known as Andriy Poltava)...
Death to the punishers. "
Karpov believes that his activities as a volunteer, politician and blogger do not please the Russian occupiers.
Poltava's subscribers are sure that he makes the necessary transfers and wish him strength and friction.
Recall that Poltava talks with Russians about the war in Donbass, the annexation of Crimea, peace, politics, and then uploads the video to the Internet.
The blogger ran for the Verkhovna Rada from the European Solidarity party.
Now he broadcasts on the channel "Direct," where he harshly criticizes Russian propaganda.
In 2017, according to ICTV, Karpov was recognized as the best blogger in Ukraine.
Riigikogu: Estonia wants to make 2050 climate targets even more ambitious
The chairman of the commission, Anneli Ott, noted that the commission has held three hearings so far.
Experts, entrepreneurs and representatives of the Ministry of Environment presented their vision of achieving carbon neutrality in Estonia.
"The review will make it clear that, together with other EU member states, Estonia is actively seeking opportunities to make the 2050 climate targets even more ambitious and to agree on ways to achieve them," Ott said.
The Chair added that the government has also scheduled a discussion on the analysis of Estonia's increasing climate ambitions for October 3.
The decision made as a result of it will continue to be discussed in the commissions of the Riigikogu.
Deputy Chairperson of the Commission Riina Sikkut said that Estonia needs a clear plan to achieve the climate goals, agreed with all stakeholders.
International agreements and the high cost of carbon dioxide emission quotas will be anyway.
"In addition to energy, within the framework of domestic discussions, the Riigikogu could focus on measures in agriculture, transport, forestry and housing.
It is necessary to take into account the social and economic impact of all changes, "Sikkut stressed.
This autumn, the Riigikogu Commission for the European Union launched a series of parliamentary hearings to prepare a decision with which Estonia will participate in the EU negotiations on climate targets for 2050.
Chelsea to lure Neymar with record salary
The management of English "Chelsea" expressed a desire to acquire the striker of French PSG Neymar.
El Desmarque reports.
According to the publication, the London club will make an offer to the Parisians in the summer transfer window.
It is reported that Chelsea are going to pay PSG 300 million euros, and Neymar to offer a contract with a salary of 42 million euros, which will make him the highest-paid player in the world.
The Brazilian has stated his desire to return to Barcelona this summer.
Neymar, according to media reports, did not want to stay at PSG, but ultimately failed to leave for another club in the last transfer window.
Afterwards, Parisian fans publicly addressed the footballer, expressing dissatisfaction with his actions.
In the Rostov region the child amputated a hand because of a mistake of doctors
In the Rostov region the 11-year-old boy lost a hand because of a mistake of doctors.
This is described in a note published on the pages of the online media.
According to REGNUM news agency, the child was taken to a hospital in the city of Zernograd with a broken arm.
The boy was given a plaster cast, after which gangrene developed.
As a result, the limb had to be amputated.
The quoted material says that the staff of Roszdravnadzor identified in the medical institution "violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis of the child, as well as the standard and scope of care provided at the first stage of treatment."
Investigators will investigate the incident.
In the Penza region, a car hit a woman with two children
A car hit a woman with a baby in a stroller and a three-year-old son in the Penza region, killing one child.
This was reported to the agency "Interfax" by the head of the press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs for the region Olga Evdokimova.
The accident occurred in the Serdobsky district on Friday evening.
The interlocutor of the agency specified that the woman was walking in the opposite direction on the roadside with a stroller, which was a child born in 2019, and with a son born in 2016.
The driver of the Ford Focus hit all three.
As a result, the older boy died.
The youngest child was taken unconscious to hospital.
The woman has no injuries and was released after an examination.
According to Evdokimova, the culprit of the accident tried to leave the scene, but was promptly detained.
According to preliminary data, the driver was drunk, he was sent for a medical examination.
The accident is being investigated.
A high-ranking ex-police officer from the CBD was detained in Krasnodar
Guards detained in Krasnodar in the rented apartment of the former head of the operational and search part of its own security Ministry of Internal Affairs in Kabardino-Balkaria Sergei Rybnikov.
He had been wanted since May as part of a bribery case, RIA Novosti reported, citing representatives of the Russian Interior Ministry and the TFR.
The man was taken to the investigation unit.
The defendant was placed in custody and had previously been charged in absentia.
According to law enforcement agencies, in 2017-2018, officials of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in the Kabardino-Balkar Republic received a bribe in the amount of 42 million rubles.
For this money, they did not prevent the illegal transportation of alcohol-containing products in the region.
Sixteen people are involved in the case.
At the same time, 14 of them were detained at the initial stage of the investigation.
Oleg Vinnik hit the base of "Peacemaker": what happened
Popular Ukrainian singer Oleg Vinnik, who starred in the project # VsemMir with Russian stars who supported the Kremlin's policy towards Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea, got into the base of "Peacemaker."
This was announced on the official website of the database.
The description refers to the fact that Vinnik became a participant in the Russian propaganda anti-Ukrainian action # VsemMir, aimed at shifting the responsibility of the war unleashed by Russia (the aggressor country) to Ukraine.
Recall, the video was attended by Vladimir Pozner, Mireille Mathieu (France), Alessandro Safina (Italy), Valeria, Soso Pavliashvili, Igor Krutoy, Zara, Tamara Gverdtsiteli, Denis Klaver, Valery Syutkin, Dmitry Malikov, Maxim Pokrovsky, Yana Poplavskaya, Maxim Averin, Ksenia Alferova, Nonna Grishaeva and others.
Most of the flash mob participants publicly support the Kremlin's aggressive policies.
Vinnik became the only Ukrainian participant of the project.
The press service of the singer earlier explained that the artist took part in the project in support of the International Day of Peace, which is celebrated on September 21, and did not change his patriotic position.
Recall, there was a wave of outrage in the network.
The video itself is called mocking.
How can artists who have visited occupied Crimea, who support the policies of Putin, who unleashed a war in the Donbass, where people are dying almost every day, talk about peace?
Four people were convicted of a series of robberies of cottages in Khabarovsk
In Khabarovsk, the court sentenced four residents of the village of Druzhba, who for two years looted cottages in the partnerships "Cosmos" and "Rainbow" in the area of the Black River.
This was reported on September 27 by Khabarovsk Krai Today news agency.
The criminal group included previously untried men aged 31 and 37 and two brothers aged 21 and 24.
It was established that the mastermind of the crimes is the eldest of the brothers, who in his youth served in a penal colony for minors.
He robbed nine houses alone, and the others later joined in.
Damage from each of the thefts ranged from three to 21 thousand rubles.
The criminals took away ovens, refrigerators, curtains, buckets, gas cylinders, chairs, bollards and many other items.
They were detained thanks to a security alarm in the last house.
The defendants were found guilty of theft committed with illegal entry into a dwelling, causing significant damage to a group of persons by prior agreement.
"The brothers were sentenced to 3 years 6 months imprisonment in a penal colony, the other two defendants - to 2 years 10 months and 1 year 6 months imprisonment suspended," - quotes the senior assistant prosecutor of the Khabarovsk district Yulia Vasilyeva agency.
Medvedev: Kokorin continues trainings on the individual program
Forward of St. Petersburg "Zenit" Alexander Kokorin continues training on an individual program after release on parole, TASS reports with reference to the general director of the collective Alexander Medvedev.
Last Thursday, September 26, the striker started training with Zenit-2.
A photo with Kokorin on his Instagram posted the mentor of the second team of blue-white-blue Vladislav Radimov.
Earlier, Medvedev said that Kokorin may play for Zenit in a friendly match in the autumn.
In official meetings, the forward will be able to prove himself after January 22, 2020, he must be registered in the next transfer window.
Recall that on October 8, 2018, Kokorin, his younger brother Kirill, Krasnodar halfback Pavel Mamayev and children's coach Alexander Protasovitsky staged a series of fights in the center of Moscow.
The drunk athletes beat three people.
For a long time they were in jail.
In May 2019, the court sentenced them to real prison terms.
The Kokorin brothers were sent to prison for a year and a half, Mamayev and Protasovitsky - for 1 year and 5 months.
In September 2019, the court granted the request of the athletes, with the exception of Protasovitsky, for parole.
The first fights by rules of Alexander Emelyanenko will take place on November 29.
The first fights of MMA by rules which were invented by Alexander Emelyanenko, will take place in Moscow on November 29 - in an undercard of a boxing duel between Emelyanenko and strongman Mikhail Koklyaev.
Fights at us lost in staginess, - Emelyanenko in interview "SE" told.
There is no one to look at.
Therefore I invented a new type of the mixed single combats - Universal World Fight.
Rules - three different rounds.
MMA is a sport where all martial arts are collected.
The fighter of the mixed style has to be able to do everything - and to work in a rack, and to fight, and in orchestra seats to work.
The first round - only shock equipment in a rack.
The second round - only wrestling, thus time for carrying out reception in orchestra seats is limited to 30 seconds.
Third round - everything is allowed.
When will the first tournament take place according to the rules you came up with?
November 29.
In the undercard of our fight with Koklyaev.
But while it isn't known, how many fights will be.
A veteran and his wife were killed in a Russian city
A veteran of the Great Patriotic War and his wife were killed in Ryazan.
This is reported on the website of the regional Investigative Committee.
The bodies of a man and a woman born in 1928 and 1930 were found in their apartment.
It is noted that they showed signs of violent death.
A criminal investigation has been opened into the incident.
The investigation is checking various versions, including those related to the mercenary motive of the murder.
The investigation is currently ongoing.
On August 24, it was reported that a man who killed a 92-year-old veteran for drug money was detained in Kaluga.
It is noted that the elderly man was hit at least ten times.
A criminal case was opened under Part 4 of Article 111 of the Criminal Code ("Intentional infliction of grievous bodily harm resulting in the negligent death of the victim").
Later, the Telegram channel Mash reported that the suspect in the murder five years ago glazed the balcony of the veteran.
"KamAZ-Master" will put on "Dakar-2020" four crews
On Friday, September 27 in Naberezhnye Chelny held a press conference "KamAZ-Master," where the head of the team Vladimir Chagin named the riders who will take part in the rally-raid "Dakar-2020."
The Russian team at the rally marathon will be represented by four crews who will perform on KamAZ-43509 trucks: the defending champion of "Dakar" Eduard Nikolaev, the winner of the rally "Silk Way 2019" Anton Shibalov, as well as Andrey Karginov and Dmitry Sotnikov.
Currently, the process of preparing the team for the Dakar 2020 rally has entered its final stage.
As the press service of team reports.
On December 5, 6 in Marseille, France, the initial technical checks and loading on the ferry to send the equipment of the race participants to the Arabian Peninsula will take place.
Recall that, starting in 2020, the rally-marathon "Dakar" changes the dislocation.
After 10 years on South American routes, the race organizers signed a five-year contract with Saudi Arabia.
The 42nd Dakar will start on January 5 from the Red Sea coast from Jeddah.
On January 11, participants will spend a day of rest in the capital of the Kingdom of Riyadh, and finally, the finish of the race is scheduled for January 17 in the town of Kiddia.
Trade with Russia is not just about tanks
Trade between Russia and India could double thanks to the geopolitical situation.
Deputy Director of the Confederation of Indian Industry Manish Kumar said this at the 5th Anniversary Forum of Small and Medium Businesses of the SCO and BRICS Regions.
It is important for us to learn from the SCO and BRICS countries, including Russia, "the guest from Delhi stressed.
- Our confederation has 9,000 direct members and 300,000 partner companies from 130 countries.
All this is small and medium business, which cooperates with the countries of the Shanghai Organization.
And we are not standing still, but developing, and all these sanctions against Russia and the geopolitical situation in general only help us all to grow.
Now our bilateral trade exceeds 10 billion US dollars, but these figures can be doubled.
First of all, due to new technologies in the field of health care, artificial intelligence and robotics.
Our trade is not just about tanks and heavy industry.
According to Manish Kumar, India has already established the first contacts with modern centers of Russia.
For example, a delegation from Delhi and other cities recently visited Skolkovo and Innopolis.
We have signed a memorandum on the creation of systems in which you can build your modern business.
After all, entrepreneurship is not a whim, but a necessity.
A necessary step for us towards economic well-being.
We need to expand, attract small and medium-sized businesses, and together with Russia, China and other countries we will definitely do it, "the Indian industrialist stressed.
Recall, Ufa hosts the Forum of Small and Medium Businesses of the SCO and BRICS regions for the fifth time in a row.
From 25 to 27 September, the forum was attended by more than 2,800 people from Russia and 31 other countries.
As part of his working trip to Tobolsk, the governor of the Tyumen region, Alexander Moor, took part in the grand opening of the Sokolov water intake after reconstruction.
Now its capacity is 25 thousand cubic meters per day.
The reconstruction of the water intake was carried out within the framework of the federal project "Clean Water" under the national project "Ecology."
Investors helped the authorities: Sokolov water intake became another example of the use of the mechanism of public-private partnership.
Tyumen Oblast has a unique experience of cooperation between federal structures, regional authorities, local administration and private investors in this area.
New artesian wells have appeared at the site.
Pumping stations were built over them.
Water purification and disinfection facilities have been reconstructed.
As a result, Sokolovsky water intake will provide tobolyaks with quality drinking water.
There are plans to ring Sokolovsky and Zhukovsky water intakes.
Then Tobolsk will be fully able to switch to underground water sources.
Water treatment plants to be expanded in Wagai
In Congress, Trump's conversation with Zelensky saw a "Russian footprint"
In the lower house of the US Congress, Russia was accused of involvement in the scandal caused by a phone call between White House chief of staff Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.
The suggestion that "the Russians" might somehow be behind the story was made by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, MSNBC News reported.
"I believe Russia has a hand in this," the Democrat said, but did not comment further.
The Pelosi-led Democrats, who hold the majority in the House, had previously announced impeachment proceedings against the president.
This came after an intelligence whistleblower complained about Trump.
The whistleblower suspected that in a call with Zelensky in July, Trump pressured his interlocutor to have Ukraine prosecute former Vice President Joseph Biden's son, with the latter likely to become Trump's election rival in a year.
The White House had to provide congressmen and the public with a transcript of the scandalous conversation.
Norilsk Nickel will allocate 139.8 billion rubles for dividends in the first half of the year
Norilsk Nickel will allocate 139.88 billion rubles (about $2.1 billion) for dividends in the first half of 2019.
The decision was taken at an extraordinary meeting of shareholders.
It is noted that the payout per share will amount to 883.93 rubles.
"The shareholders approved October 7, 2019 as the date on which the persons entitled to receive dividends are determined," the press service of the company said.
According to the Moscow Stock Exchange at 18: 03, the value of one share of Norilsk Nickel increased by 1.04% - up to 16.5 thousand rubles.
Wang Yi meets with UN Secretary General A. Guterres
State Councillor and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres at the UN headquarters in New York on Thursday.
As A. Gutterish said at the meeting, China plays an extremely important role in the creation of a multipolar world.
The UN is grateful to the Chinese government for its strong support and fruitful cooperation, and appreciates China's important contribution to the international fight against poverty, the fight against climate change, and the creation of a green Belt and Road.
He wants to deepen cooperation with China in the areas of security and peace and sustainable development, and expects China to continue to play a leading role in the fight against climate change and other areas.
Wang Yi, in turn, noted that multipolarity is an inevitable trend, and every country has the right to development.
The realization of multipolarity is impossible without multilateralism, the symbols of which are the basic purposes and principles established in the UN Charter.
According to the Minister, China stands for a more active role of the UN, supports the work of the Secretary General of the world organization and strictly adheres to the basic ideas and principles of the UN Charter.
Next year will mark the 75th anniversary of the founding of the UN, and the Chinese side intends to use this opportunity to strengthen cooperation with the world organization in order to jointly create a wonderful future for the whole world.
Philippine President Duterte to visit Russia for five days
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will arrive in Russia in October, TASS reports, citing a spokesman for the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs, Amelita Aquino.
It is specified that Duterte will arrive in Russia on October 1.
His visit to Russia will last until October 5.
Aquino said that the president of the Philippines is going to Russia at the invitation of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
Duterte will attend a meeting of the Valdai Club in Sochi.
The Philippine leader will also visit Moscow.
In the capital, Duterte will take part in a Russian-Philippine business forum and give a lecture at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO).
According to Aquino, the main event of the trip will be the meeting of the two presidents.
The leaders are expected to discuss the state of bilateral relations and how the countries can further expand cooperation in various fields.
It is noted that the meeting of the Filipino leader with the Russian will be the fourth in a row.
The presidents first met in 2016 at the APEC summit in Peru.
In May 2017, the head of the Philippines visited Russia, and another meeting of the leaders took place in November 2017 on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Vietnam.
Earlier, it was reported that Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte allowed citizens to shoot bribery officials.
Elon Musk responds in Russian to "unusual invitation" to come to Krasnodar for business forum
Tesla and SpaceX founder Elon Musk responded to an invitation from the organizers of the Krasnodar business forum to attend the event.
The billionaire wrote a comment under one of the posted photos with an "invitation billboard" outside his company's office.
Earlier, one of the organizers of the forum "Business for Small" placed a billboard in the California city of Hawthorne with the inscription "Kak tebe takoe?," and on the other hand posted the site welcomeelon.com.
There is also a special QR code that will help you to go to the forum site and get acquainted with all the information.
"The language is well suspended," the inventor wrote in Russian in response to the invitation, teleprogramma.pro reported.
It is not yet known what exactly Musk meant by his answer, but many Russians, including the forum's speakers, are hoping for the billionaire's speech.
Meanwhile, the program "Evening Urgant" has already presented in what outfit the billionaire could appear in Krasnodar.
The businessman was dressed in a Cossack outfit and assumed that in Kuban Musk would present: an electric checker, an electric whip and an electric saddle for a horse.
The famous land art artist created a portrait of Greta Thunberg
Sooner or later it had to happen.
The image of Greta Thunberg was immortalized by a tractor on the field.
The portrait of the activist was created by the famous land art artist Dario Gambarin.
A 16-year-old schoolgirl from Sweden who suffers from Asperger syndrome became famous after speaking at the UN assembly.
The activist accused all adults of stealing childhood and dreams from the younger generation, polluting the planet and depriving the future under the pretext of economic development.
Greta is nominated for an alternative Nobel Peace Prize, she may become the youngest winner of it, and the media is calling the schoolgirl the most influential teenager in the world.
US Congress agrees to sell F-35 fighter jets to Poland
Warsaw also plans to receive F-135 engines and related equipment
The United States Congress approved the sale of 32 fifth-generation F-35 fighter bombers to the Polish side.
This was announced by the Minister of National Defense of the Republic Mariusz Blaschak.
According to him, Warsaw will receive not only aircraft, but also 33 turbojet twin-circuit engines F-135 developed by Pratt & Whitney, as well as related equipment.
The starting value of the contract is $6.5 billion.
"This is one of the last steps before the conclusion of the treaty, but it is not the end of our work.
We will do our best to get the best possible price, "Blaszczak wrote on his Twitter page.
The website kp.ru wrote that the American F-35s would have to replace the Soviet-made MiG-29 and Su-22 in service with Poland.
It is expected that the bilateral deal will improve the security of the republic.
The Russian Defense Ministry has released a video of the launch of the supersonic missile "Onyx" in Chukotka
The Pacific Fleet's Bastion coastal complex launched the supersonic Onyx cruise missile for the first time.
A video of the launch was posted by the Russian Defense Ministry on Twitter.
According to the TV channel "Zvezda," the flight of the missile took place in normal mode.
The missile successfully hit the target, which was in the waters of the Chukchi Sea at a distance of more than 200 km.
The safety of the maneuvers was provided by about 10 warships, as well as naval aircraft.
The equipment and soldiers were taken to the site of the exercise on an amphibious assault ship.
Shooting at a naval target more than 200 kilometers away was calculated
Rospotrebnadzor strongly opposes the return of smokers to airports
Rospotrebnadzor strongly opposes the return of smokers to airports.
"Neither ventilation nor filters, even when combined, can reduce exposure to tobacco smoke to levels that are considered acceptable," the report said.
"Izvestia" on Friday reported that the Ministry of Health for the second reading of the bill developed amendments, according to which it is proposed to equip two smokers at the airport.
Expert explains why you should give up tea in tea bags
A team of scientists from Canada, representing McGill University, found that when a tea bag is brewed, more than ten billion microplastic particles enter the cup in five minutes.
Sawdust particles can also be added to the packaged drink, food safety expert Elizaveta Tikhonova told Nation News.
According to the agronomist, the consumer cannot get reliable information about the composition of the packaged tea - the manufacturer can add ingredients that will not be listed on the package.
Sawdust is not thrown away at the end of the season, so they may end up in tea.
"Moreover, tea plants are not always included in tea bags," Tikhonova said.
According to her, it is better to stop drinking such a drink in favor of tea by weight, which is sold in specialty stores.
In addition, she stressed that the danger of packaged tea lies not only in the composition, but also in the method of its production - microparticles are heated to high temperatures, because of which they can begin to release harmful substances.
"It is best to buy pure green or black tea - such a drink will have the least additives," - pointed out the expert.
Problems of Arctic development to be discussed at international conference in Norilsk
The problems of Arctic development will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk.
The forum was organized by the Norilsk Development Agency and the Taimyr Researchers Club, Krasnoyarsk State Television and Radio Company reported.
The reports were brought by scientists from Russian cities - Moscow, St. Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Salekhard, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk, Dudinka.
Foreign visitors came from Holland and Canada.
One of the central themes of the forum is how to develop the urban environment in the Arctic and at the same time not to harm nature.
Guests of the forum will also be able to visit interactive platforms at the Norilsk State Industrial Institute.
And in the cinema "Rodina" are waiting for film lovers - there will be screenings of popular science films about the Arctic region.
At creative meetings, travelers and scientists will talk about their experiences with the Arctic.
The forum will last three days.
The festival of northern walking will take place in Ulyanovsk
Residents of the Ulyanovsk region will take part in the festival of northern walking.
Mass start will take place in the park "Coastal."
The participants of the festival will be teams from different cities and districts of the Ulyanovsk region, which won the municipal stages.
They are mainly composed of residents of the region over the age of 50.
The project is designed to attract the older generation to an active pastime, reports 1ul.ru.
The city stage of the festival was held on September 7 in six parks.
Participants had to overcome the northern walking distance of 3 km.
The winner was determined by the sum of the years of the participants in the team.
The regional festival will take place on September 28.
Regions were invited to share the secrets of business support
As it became known to "Parliamentary Newspaper," on September 27, Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy Andrei Kutepov sent a letter to Minister of Economic Development Maxim Oreshkin and Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov with a proposal to express a position on the initiatives of the constituent entities of the Federation to improve legislation in the field of support for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
It is time to establish interregional ties
The Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy summarized the information received from the regions on the programs of business development and legalization of the self-employed, as well as on the results of such programs.
In their letters, the regions told the senators about the problems of SME development and sent proposals to improve the current legislation.
"To date, communication between the regions is not sufficiently established, as a result of which the business community in all regions of the visit of senators has identified the issue of the lack of information on regional programs for the development of entrepreneurship in the country as a whole," Andrei Kutepov stated.
In the appendix to the letter, which was sent to the Government, he presented a set of positive developments of the regions on the legalization of self-employment and summary data from the regions with proposals and problems (available to the editorial board).
In addition to the relevant ministries, consolidated data from the regions were also sent to the heads of regional executive bodies.
The exchange of information on positive developments in the regions could give an impetus to the development of entrepreneurship in general.
The first step towards such an exchange will be to send the information available to the Economic Policy Committee, "the senator told the Parliamentary Newspaper.
Useful experience
Today, many regions of the country have adopted and successfully operate programs to support small and medium-sized businesses.
For example, in the Vologda region there is an Entrepreneurship Support Center, which, in addition to financial support measures, assists businessmen in the certification of finished products.
In Ivanovo region, a business support system has been developed, providing for the implementation of the principle of one window through multifunctional centers.
In Krasnodar Krai, start-up agricultural consumer cooperatives are provided with grants from the regional budget.
There is a cluster development center in the Oryol region.
Amur region within the framework of the federal project "Acceleration of small and medium-sized businesses" provides for the possibility of subsidizing business incubators created on the basis of existing non-state co-working centers at the expense of the federal budget.
And in a number of other regions, special support measures for youth entrepreneurship are being taken.
Self-employed continue to be brought out of the shadows
According to the regional authorities, in order to more effectively support small and medium-sized businesses, a number of changes should be made to the current legislation.
For example, the Arkhangelsk region proposed to replace the term "self-employment" with "entrepreneurial activity," as it "most corresponds to the content of the public service to promote self-employment of unemployed citizens."
In Ivanovo region, it is considered necessary to make amendments providing for the expansion of the list of activities provided by self-employed citizens, including activities for the decoration and repair of residential premises, cottage buildings, physical training classes.
Bryansk Oblast considers it important to strengthen control over unscrupulous dairy producers with the help of the Mercury veterinary system.
And in Kostroma and Magadan regions, they advocate the consolidation of the concept of "social entrepreneurship" and areas of support for social entrepreneurship in the legal framework.
All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state programs to support small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills.
"All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state programs to support small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills," Andrei Kutepov assured.
Airline helped passengers avoid neighborhood with crying children
Japan Airlines (JAL) has launched a new feature: when booking seats on a plane, you can now find out where young children will sit.
Now, if you want a neighborhood with them, you can avoid.
Passengers of Japan Airlines (JAL) were able to take advantage of the new option and avoid unwanted neighborhood with young children.
The airline has launched a feature that allows you to track where children will sit.
When choosing seats in the cabin during ticket booking, passengers will be able to see an image of the child's head in the seats, which are occupied by children between the ages of eight days and two years.
Thus, those who do not want to fly near the kids because of the possible inconvenience associated with their crying, can settle down as far away from them as possible.
Internet users who use the airline's services were delighted with the innovation.
Some of them thanked the carrier, noting that other airlines should do the same.
One user complained that he was flying from New York to Doha a few weeks ago, and there were three crying children sitting next to him.
Another commentator suggested introducing "adults-only flights," expressing a willingness to pay extra for such a flight.
Many tourists noted that they will now try to always choose Japan Airlines for their movements, as they see nothing pleasant about flying next to a crying child in an enclosed space.
Earlier, a woman traveling with a baby tried to appease fellow travelers during a flight from Seoul to San Francisco.
She prepared a bag of sweets for each of the 200 passengers, each with an apology note.
Has Oleg Tabakov's train appeared in the capital's metro?
If you are constantly using the Kaluga-Riga line (as most Konkov residents do), you will be in for a surprise.
A new thematic train "The Great Russian Artist Oleg Tabakov" was launched in the subway.
Every day this name train transports 10 thousand people.
He runs just along the orange line and talks about the director, actor and founder of the Tabakerka Theatre.
By the way, it is convenient to go from Konkov to the performances that are played on the new stage of the theater (it is located on the Small Sukharevskaya Square, next to the metro "Sukharevskaya").
As explained to us in the press service of the Moscow Metro, "the exterior design of the thematic train used images of fragments of stained glass windows of the new stage and placed portraits of Oleg Tabakov in iconic images created by him in the theater, cinema and animation."
The train tells about his family, the play "Sailor's Silence," from which the great life of the theater began, about "Tabakerka" itself, about the director's work.
On the walls of the carriages you can see rare archival pictures and shots from movies.
Russian gay men with adopted children seek asylum in US
A same-sex couple of Russians with two adopted children have sought asylum in the United States, RIA Novosti reports.
The men reportedly left Russia for Ukraine before heading to the States, where they applied for asylum.
According to the Stimulus group, the basis for the family's actions was "continued interest from law enforcement."
The men reportedly have no plans to return to Russia.
From the beginning of the school year, children study in an American school and adapt to new conditions.
Earlier, it was reported that a case was opened against employees of the social protection department of the Maryino district because of the adoption of two young boys by a same-sex family.
At the same time, the HRC stated that the upbringing of children by a same-sex couple should not in itself become a reason for initiating a case.
In the press center of the MIC "Izvestia" there will be a press conference of the project of the Moscow Art Theater "SEZON STIKHOV Third Stage. Poetry"
On October 3, at 11: 00, the press center of Izvestia will host an announcing press conference: The start of the project "SEZON STIKHOV: The Third Stage. Poetry" at the Gorky Moscow Art Theater.
Eduard Boyakov, artistic director of the M. Gorky Moscow Art Theater, director of the project.
Ivan Kupreyanov, poet, producer of the project.
Dmitry Vodennikov, poet.
Irina Lindt, theater and film actress.
Alexey Shmelev, poet.
In the new season, the third scene of the Moscow Art Theater named after M. Gorky will become the territory of total poetry.
As part of the extensive program, performances based on the poems of the main poets of our time will be shown.
The project team will create for the audience a unique poetic world of poetry, music and multimedia images.
Artistic director of the Moscow Art Theater Eduard Boyakov and curator of the project, poet and producer Ivan Kupreyanov will present the first and only theatrical anthology of modern elegant literature - the project "SEZON STIKHOV: The Third Stage. Poetry."
The season opens on October 5 at 19: 00 on the Third Stage of the M. Gorky Moscow Art Theater with a performance of the poet-legend, each performance of which becomes a significant event for connoisseurs of elegant literature, Dmitry Vodennikov.
The performances will take place in October and November.
Each performance is its own author, curator and actor.
The performances will be attended by Moscow Art Theater artists and guest stars: Irina Lindt, Agnia Kuznetsova, Olga Kabo, Alisa Grebenshchikova.
The musical concept of the project is Sergey Letov.
The curators of the performances will be Pavel Kryuchkov, Maria Golovanivskaya, Eduard Boyakov, Ivan Kupreyanov and others.
The project is implemented with the support of the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation.
Pavel Ustinov joined the pickets in support of the defendants in the "Moscow case"
Actor Pavel Ustinov joined a series of single pickets "Freedom for All," which take place on Friday in front of the presidential administration building on the Old Square in Moscow, the correspondent of "Interfax."
A series of pickets began on September 18 in support of Ustinov himself and has continued every day since.
Currently, the protesters, alternating between each other, stand holding a banner with the inscription "Freedom for all" and the names of those convicted and arrested after uncoordinated rallies in Moscow in the summer of 2019.
In addition to Ustinov, the poster bears the names of Egor Zhukov, Kirill Zhukov, Danil Beglets, Evgeny Kovalenko, Konstantin Kotov, Ivan Podkopaev, Aidar Gubaidulin, Alexei Minyailo, Sergei Fomin, Samariddin Radzhabov, Nikita Chirtsov, Eduard Malyshevsky, Vladislav Sinitsa.
On September 16, the Tver Court of Moscow sentenced 24-year-old Ustinov to 3.5 years in a penal colony on charges of using violence against a riot police officer of the Rosgvardiya at an uncoordinated rally on August 3 in the center of Moscow (Part 2 of Article 318 of the Criminal Code).
After that, on September 20, at the request of the Prosecutor General's Office, the court changed Ustinov's preventive measure from detention to a travel ban.
Thus, the petition for the release of Ustinov received more than 112,000 signatures in 24 hours.
Theater and film artists started a flash mob in support of a colleague.
A queue formed in the Old Square on September 18 to take part in a single picket in solidarity with the actor.
Human rights activists, journalists, scientists, teachers, doctors, Orthodox priests demanded a review of the case.
According to Interfax, Ustinov's sister Yulia, at a rally on September 29 in the capital in support of the defendants in the "Moscow case" her brother does not plan to speak.
Deliveries of "sanctions" to Russia fell 100 times
The Russian government estimates that supplies of agricultural products and food to Russia from countries subject to the Russian food embargo have decreased by more than 100 times since 2013.
According to a report sent to Russian President Vladimir Putin, in the first half of 2019, 31 thousand tons of products were imported from the sanctions countries against 3 million 442.2 thousand tons for the same period in 2013, Interfax reported.
At the same time, the cost of imported products decreased to $226.5 million from $4 billion 975.5 million, respectively.
We are talking about the supply of goods that are not subject to the embargo.
According to the report, the volume of banned products was compensated by an increase in imports from the CIS countries, Africa, Southeast Asia, and Serbia.
Recall that at the end of August, the government extended until December 31, 2020 the validity of the rules for the destruction of agricultural products, raw materials and food, which are prohibited for import into Russia as part of counter-sanctions.
The document, posted on the official legal information portal, noted that the rules have been extended for another year - from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020.
Initially, the order to destroy the sanctions applied to products from the United States, the EU, Australia, Norway and Canada.
Later, from August 13, 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland, Liechtenstein, from January 1, 2016 - Ukraine "joined" this list.
A decree signed by Putin on the destruction of illegally imported "sanctions" (products subject to a food embargo that Moscow imposed in response to anti-Russian sanctions by the West) came into force in 2015.
In turn, the government allowed the destruction of "sanctioned" food by any legal means.
As Western sanctions continued, Russia also extended its retaliatory measures.
At the same time, this measure does not apply to products that citizens import for personal use.
The ban does not apply to the import of goods for personal consumption weighing up to 5 kilograms.
However, the head of the Presidential Council for Civil Society and Human Rights, Mikhail Fedotov, earlier called the destruction of food "simply immoral," and this, according to him, has a negative impact on the education of people.
Moreover, in early June, Rospotrebnadzor launched an initiative to ban the destruction of foodstuffs suitable for consumption.
After that, a similar recommendation was made to the government by the Human Rights Council under the President of the Russian Federation.
And Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation Alexei Gordeev said that it is wrong to destroy food products, and it is necessary to think about how you can use them for their intended purpose, assessing the quality.
The head of the firm found guilty of tax evasion
By the verdict of the Leninsky District Court of Cheboksary, the director of OOO "Land and Law" Vyacheslav Morozov was found guilty of committing crimes under paragraph "b" of Part 2 of Article 199 of the Criminal Code (tax evasion from the organization by including in the tax return knowingly false information, committed on a large scale) and Part 2 of Article 327 of the Criminal Code (forgery of an official document granting rights and releasing from obligations, for the purpose of its use, committed in order to conceal another crime and facilitate its commission).
This was reported by the press service of the investigation department of the TFR in Chuvashia.
From January 2008 to December 2009, Vyacheslav Morozov entered information about imperfect transactions into the tax accounting documents of LLC.
According to the fictitious documents, the company incurred additional costs, and, consequently, the amounts of value-added taxes and profits of the organization were reduced by 11.2 million rubles.
Vyacheslav Morozov was sentenced to 3.5 years of probation.
First school of new format to be opened in the center of the capital by 2023
The new school will be opened in Khamovniki.
According to the head of Moskomstroyinvest Anastasia Pyatova, all conditions for self-realization and development of children's talents will be created there.
The educational institution decided to call it "New Look."
This project will be overseen by the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Foundation for Economic Development of Higher Education.
The design of the building with an area of about 10 thousand "squares" is planned to begin next year.
The construction will be completed at the end of 2022, and the first students will be recruited next year.
"The project provides for the creation of a public, non-profit educational space, which will be based on the traditions of the classical Moscow school and experimental methods," the press service of Moskomstroyinvest noted.
Chile starts building €1 billion telescope
This was reported by TASS with reference to the press service of the European Southern Observatory (ESO).
According to ESO, this week the construction of the dome of the building where the E-ELT (European Extremely Large Telescope) will be located has officially begun, while the most expensive and ambitious ground-based astronomical project.
Its total cost, according to ESO estimates, will exceed one billion euros.
Most of this money will be spent on the manufacture of equipment and the construction of the observatory building.
The most expensive and complex component of the telescope is its record-large mirror, which will have a diameter of about 39 meters.
It will be assembled from 798 hexagonal segments measuring 1.4 meters.
This huge mirror, as well as two auxiliary reflective surfaces with diameters of 4.2 and 3.75 meters, will help E-ELT obtain the first detailed photographs of planets outside the solar system, stars in other galaxies, and search for Earth's twins.
In addition, scientists will try to use this observatory to observe the surroundings of Sgr A *, the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way.
Despite the fact that the construction of the dome has just begun, scientists, engineers and other specialists have been developing mirrors, scientific instruments and other components of the observatory for three years - since the announcement of the first plans for the construction of E-ELT.
The contract for the production of the main mirror, whose total cost was about 400 million euros, was awarded to the German firm SCHOTT and the French company Safran Reosc.
