In CAR, three people killed in UN helicopter crash a
Three people died and another was injured in the crash of a Senegalese Armed Forces helicopter carrying out an operation led by a UN peacekeeping mission, in the town of Bouar in the west of CAR.
This was reported by the portal DakarActu on Friday, with reference to the Senegalese army.
The head of the mission Mankeur Ndiaye, confirmed the information about the crash, noting that the helicopter crash occurred at the time of landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter was returning after an operation to combat armed groups.
The Senegalese army said it was in contact with the UN on the evacuation of the victim and the bodies of the dead.
Coordinator of the Arkhangelsk headquarters Navalny sentenced to public works
In the October district court of Arkhangelsk announced the verdict to the coordinator of the regional headquarters of Alexei Navalny Andrei Borovikov.
For the repeated violation of the rules of holding rallies (Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code, the so-called Dada article), the court appointed him 400 hours of mandatory work, reports the correspondent of the Russian Federation the.
The case was initiated in April this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a garbage landfill in the Arkhangelsk region.
The first under Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code in 2015, activist Ildar Dadin was sentenced to three years in prison.
On the eve of the announcement of the verdict, on September 26, the court held a debate of the parties.
The prosecution insisted on forced labour for three years.
In respect of me, a A measure of restraint in the form of restriction of freedom was taken, which is that I cannot attend public mass events and cannot communicate with the organizers of the protest on April 7.
"All this time I was wearing an electronic bracelet and a base.
So tracked my whereabouts.
I will note that in movements I was not limited.
Recently arrived from Moscow, where he was training ", - Andrey Borovikov told.
After the verdict was announced, the coordinator of the regional headquarters of Navalny said that he would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26, Sergei Shargunov, a from the Communist Party faction, introduced to the State Duma a bill softening Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
Representatives of the CPRF, LDPR and the SR informed Kommersant of the intention to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: "Everyone in" Rubin "has to think about the reasons of unsuccessful matches".
Rubina midfielder Pavel Mogilevets told about the reasons for the team's failed game.
The in the championship of Russia have suffered four defeats in a row, and also flew out of the Cup.
We are to every game, "Izvestia quoted Mogilevets as saying.
Therefore, each of us has to think about the reasons for such unsuccessful matches.
There are still meetings - it is necessary to prepare for them and to correct the situation.
How?
If we knew, probably would have already corrected.
But first of all, it seems to me, we need to add in such component, as single combats.
In my opinion, we have a problem with that.
The Kremlin backs ban on smoking on the balconies of residential homes
The Kremlin supports any measures that will save lives, said presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov, commenting on the ban on smoking on balconies and lodges of apartments.
Earlier, the Cabinet approved changes to the Fire Regulations that Rules of the fire regime, according to which it is use open fire on balconies and rooms of residential buildings.
Later, Russia's Emergencies Ministry reported that it is, the issue included a ban on smoking on balconies and lodges of apartments and hotels.
The changes will take effect from October 1, 2019.
The violation is subject to administrative responsibility.
The Kremlin is positive about any decisions that help save lives.
"We know how many fires occur, many of them have very tragic consequences and public outcry.
Therefore, any life saved justifies such decisions, "Peskov said.
First of all, the spokesman assesses this as a fire-fighting measure, not a way to protect neighbors from tobacco smoke.
Peskov also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome smoking and is a supporter of a healthy lifestyle.
Gattuso is looking for a job in one of the Russian clubs
Italian football coach Jennaro Gattuso arrived in Russia with the aim of finding a new club.
According to "," the 41-year-old officer flew to Moscow to explore the possibility of finding a job at a Russian club.
Gattuso's previous place of work was Milan, which he led from 2017 to 2018, and which under his leadership finished fifth in the Italian Serie A standings and failed to reach the Champions League.
As a coach he also worked in the Swiss "Sion," Greek "OFI," as well as Italian "Palermo" and "Pisa."
Earlier, it was reported that Pavel Mamayev's talks with Dynamo were at risk of breakdown.
Ex-coach Milana "Milan" arrived in Moscow to lead Russian club
Former Italian national team player and ex-Milan head coach Jennaro Gattuso flew to Moscow to lead the Russian club.
Gattuso is the world champion of 2006 as part of the Italian national team.
At club level was known for performances for Milan, with whom he won twice in the UEFA Champions League in 2003 and 2007.
The Italian began his coaching career in Sion.
Over the past two seasons, Gennaro led the Rossoneri.
Earlier, it was reported that the football player of the capital CSKA Konstantin Kuchaev opposed against the introduction of VAR.
Secretary of the National Security Council of Ukraine resigned
Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council (NSBO) of Ukraine Alexander Daniliuk has written a resignation letter, according to the office of the country's president.
This was done before the start of Vladimir Zelensky's working visit to the United States to participate in the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
"The president will consider it upon his return to Kiev," - told the office Mr Zelensky.
Ukraine's President signed a decree on the appointment of former Finance Minister Alexander Danilyuk as secretary of the National Security Council in late May.
In this post, Mr. Danilyuk replaced Alexander Turchinov, who resigned due to the change of the president.
Palkina is ninth in qualifying for the World Cup.
In Sofia hammer throwing Palkin Russian Sofya Palkina finished ninth in qualifying in Group A at the World Championships in Doha.
Her result is 68.53 metres.
In the ending four sportswomen who have overcome a boundary in 72 meters will act.
These are polka Joanna Fedorov (73.39 m), Ukrainian Irina Klimets (72.93 m), Frenchwoman Alexander Tavernier (72.91 m) and Belarusian Anna Malyshik (72.59 m).
In the ending 12 best sportswomen from two groups will act.
The participation of Palkina in wrestling for medals becomes known after performance of sportswomen from group B.
Bolid Kvyat quit during the first practice in Sochi
The Russian pilot "Toro Rosso" Daniel Kvyat had to complete his first free practice of the Russian Formula One Grand Prix ahead of schedule.
The Russian Bolid lost power and the racer could not reach boxing to the.
Kvyat parked the car in one of the security zones.
Prior to flying out of the race, the pilot "Toro Rosso" took the fifth position.
It is expected that the second free practice will take place today, September 27, at 15: 00 Moscow time at Sochi Autodrom. "
Earlier, it was reported that Kvyat shared expectations from the Sochi Grand Prix.
China strongly opposes U.S. adoption of Taipei bill
China is strongly opposed to the adoption of the so-called Taipei "on the bill," which seriously violates the principle of one China and the principles of the three Sino-American joint communiques.
This was announced on Friday by the official representative of the Office of the State Council of China for Taiwan Affairs Ma Xiaoguang.
The approval by the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations of the bill is also a serious violation of international law and basic principles of international relations and a gross interference in China's internal affairs, Ma Xiaoguan noted.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues relate to China's internal affairs.
"We call on the American side to clarify the situation, immediately stop promoting relevant negative bills, and immediately stop interfering in the Taiwan issue to avoid further damage to Sino-American relations, as well as peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," he noted.
China must be and will be reunited.
This historical trend cannot be stopped by anyone and no forces, stressed Ma Xiaoguan.
TikTok hides inappropriate videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which - under 18 years age
Imagine China / Reuters
Chinese social network TikTok censored videos that mention Tiananmen Square, Tibetan independence or the banned Falun Gong religious group, tells The Guardian.
According to the publication, said that the owner of TikTok (ByteDance) with the help of the app promotes China's foreign policy goals abroad.
The bulk of the violations related to China's policy fall under "hate speech."
In each case, TikTok places inappropriate publications in a context appropriate to the general rules so that the actions of the social network do not look censored.
For example, the ban on criticism of China's socialist system falls under the general prohibition of "criticism or attacks on the policies and social rules of any country, such as the constitutional monarchy, the parliamentary system, etc."
The ban on mentioning incidents in Tiananmen Square or genocide in Cambodia falls under the "distortion of the history of China or other countries."
The document also contains a list of the banned names of twenty "foreign leaders or statesmen," including North Korean leaders Kim Jong Il, Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Un, Indian politician Mahatma Gandhi, American Presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Premier Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Geun-hye, Indonesian President Joko Widodo and Indian Premier Narendra Modi, according to the document said.
The banned material is divided into two categories, the paper said.
Publications from the first category are removed by social network administrators and may result in blocking the user.
Not too strict violations fall into the second category: such publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited to the TikTok algorithms.
ByteDance representatives told The Guardian that these rules are outdated and no longer applied: "Now for moderation we use a localized approach, as well as attracting independent local experts."
The Russian users of TikTok have no specific restrictions on the publication, said co-founder of the "Producer Center" Rustem Bogdanov.
"Producer Center" is one of the Russian media company, which that officially cooperates with TikTok.
All advertising materials bloggers "Producer Center" agrees with the representatives of the social network, but user materials can be placed without agreement, Bogdanov reports.
When asked whether TikTok can speak about politics or Putin, Bogdanov answers in the affirmative and says he has seen such publications.
With Bogdanov agrees with the founder of the agency Our Didgital Roman Zaripov: "The basic rules for users TikTok lists in the user agreement: it is impossible to put out shocking content that, discriminatory statements and so on."
But under these rules it is possible to sum up any content that does not like moderators, notes Zaripov.
Zaripova Agency is another Russian partner of TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40 percent of whom are under 18 years old.
Under the user agreement, only persons over the age of 13 can use TikTok.
Social network administrators check their age with the help of artificial intelligence: нейросеть analyzes the faces and determines how many years a person looks, Bogdanov says.
If the neuronet decides that the user is younger, his account can be deleted, he adds.
According to RBC, in September 2019 ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of WeWork co-working.
Istanbul residents told of the earthquake in the city
Strong earthquake caused panic in Turkey's largest city
Last Thursday, September 26, there was a magnitude 5.9 earthquake in Istanbul was hit.
34 people have been affected, ten of them are still in hospitals.
A resident of Istanbul Melike admitted that she had a panic attack for the first time in her life.
"I cried so much.
I was right in the workplace.
Later it became easier, I went back to business.
But I am so ashamed now! "- the girl told TV channel" 360. "
"In Istanbul was a real strong earthquake
I can't come back so far!
But in general I'm okay "- political scientist Jaylan Ozgul shared his impressions.
Project manager Selin noted that the mayor keeps all residents informed, but, according to her, she said townspeople still feel small tremors of about 3.2 or 3.5 magnitude.
She also drew attention to the problem of communication immediately after the earthquake.
The girl reported that she could not reach her mother, but the internet worked "excellent" and she was able to send a message via WhatsApp.
As the site kp.ru wrote, after the earthquake were closed all kindergartens and schools, from where all students were evacuated.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of powerful underground tremors was recorded 68 kilometers west of Istanbul, in the Marble Sea.
Matthews met with the leadership of Toronto. "
The attacker Austin Toronto Oston Matthews held a meeting with club management.
It discussed a case in which Matthews is accused of disorderly conduct.
Everything went well, "said the TSN player quotes.
Of course, I made a mistake.
And I take full responsibility for the actions.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And we have discussed with the club how to act in the situation.
I believe that nothing spoiled in our relations.
The results of the check on the fact of amputation of the hand to the child were reported in the Russian Health Ministry
A child in the Rostov region has had his arm amputated a hand due to a mistake by doctors, reports "The View" with reference to the website of the territorial body of the.
An 11-year-old boy broke his arm, after which he was put on gypsum in a hospital in Zernograd district.
A short time later, the child developed gangrene, and had an amputation was.
As a result of the inspection, it was revealed that there were violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis, as well as the standard and volume of care provided.
The Verification materials were transferred to the SU SC of the of Russia by region.
Earlier, URA.RU reported that the head of the hospital Yuzhnouralsk was arrested.
Russians warned about false calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from fraudsters who replace the phone number of the bank's.
This is reported by Kommersant with reference to the data of the Central Bank.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator handed over to the telecom operators information about more than 2.5 thousand numbers from which calls were made to call customers of various financial institutions.
In 189 cases, operators found a number.
A further 218 numbers blocked, and in 59 cases set a limit on the use of financial services.
The deputy head Deputy Head of the Information Security Department information security department of the Central Bank Artem Sychev told that a wide range of Russian banks faced the change of number.
He explained that operators do not always respond to the Central Bank's warnings about fraudulent calls, citing the absence of such a duty in the law "On."
In the bank "," Rosbank and Alfa Bank confirmed information about the increase in the number of fraudulent calls from a replacement number.
As reported in the press service of "Beeline," part of the information about fraudulent calls, which was transmitted by the Central Bank, was incorrect: the lists included numbers that are actually used by banks to communicate with customers.
Their blocking would have disrupted the organization.
Artem Sychov said that the Central Bank plans to create a database of numbers of fraudsters, to which the operator will address at each call to check the number.
He explained that the creation of such a framework would require legislative amendments.
U.S.-China trade talks to resume on October 10 in Washington
A new round of trade talks between the United States and China will take place in Washington on October 10, according to the reports CNBC TV reported.
According to his sources, the Chinese delegation will be headed by Vice Premier of the State Council of China Liu He.
Note that the last round of trade talks between the U.S. and China took place in Shanghai in late July, but the parties failed to make progress.
The new US-China reciprocal duties came into effect on September 1.
Earlier, US President Donald Trump said that Washington and Beijing could reach a trade agreement sooner than anticipated.
The State Duma will check for violations of the law "Voice of America," "Medusa," and "Bi-bi-si"
The State Duma commission to investigate foreign interference in Russia's internal affairs will conduct inspections of some media outlets for violations of Russian legislation.
This is reported by Interfax with reference to the head of the commission Vasily Piskarev.
In the BBC's Russian Service came under Medusa, MBH Media, Voice of America, Present Time, Radio Liberty and the commission's.
Planned checks of Google and Facebook services were reported.
Piskarev also said that he would ask the Foreign Ministry to take a decision on further accreditation of German Deutsche Welle, in whose publications the commission found signs of justification for extremism.
In September, Roskomnadzor revealed political advertising in Google, Facebook and Youtube services.
According to the department, this happened during the Russian elections on September 8.
The facts of violations were handed over to the commission of the State Duma.
Later, Google said that the company supports responsible political advertising.
According to the staff, it is obliged to comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook noted that the responsibility for compliance with Russia's electoral legislation should be borne by advertisers, not the platform.
The head of Roskomnadzor Alexander Zharov accused the companies of applying double standards when placing political advertising.
Stoltenberg discussed Ukraine's accession to NATO with
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky discussed Ukraine's membership in the alliance on the margins of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The secretary general spoke about it during a speech at Columbia University in New York.
Asked if the relevant topic was raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg said that they had indeed discussed the issue and also stressed that in his answer he did not mention the date of Ukraine's accession to NATO.
According to him, any country that would like to join the North Atlantic Alliance, must meet certain conditions to meet specific standards, RT writes.
In Crimea offered Zelensky alternative course in NATO
Ukraine's President Vladimir Zelensky should instead pursue good-neighbourly relations with Russia.
This was announced by on Friday, September 27, co-chairman of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets.
"The president of Ukraine should not repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but should heed the advice of the U.S. President Donald Trump, which he listened to with a sour face, and establish relations with the president of Russia," said Чегринец reporters on RIA Novosti.
Chegrinets noted that Zelensky is a good actor for him, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will be able to stay in power only if in the case of establishing relations with Russia are established.
Earlier on September 27, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that he had a conversation with Zelensky on the topic of the country's accession to the alliance.
According to him, Ukraine is obliged to fulfil certain conditions for this purpose.
On June 5, MP Yevgeny Balitsky said that Ukraine's possible entry into the alliance does not guarantee improvement of life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
Barcelona blackmails Neymar
Spain's Barcelona and her former Brazilian footballer Neymar are trying to settle a financial dispute that arose after the attacker's move to France's Paris Saint-Germain. "
The case almost reached court, but the Catalans offered the player to resolve the dispute without Femida's to trial. but the Catalans suggested the player should resolve the dispute without the intervention of Femida.
Otherwise they refuse to return to him.
Neymar and his cunning father, who is also the Brazilian agent, had an interesting focus: under an agreement with Barza, which the player signed in 2016, he was supposed to receive 40 million euros.
However, just a year later, the forward found himself in "PSW" for a record 222 million euros.
However, he has received 22 million from the Catalans and now wants to pick up the remaining 18.
Moreover, the Brazilian's lawyers insist that the club owes him interest for late payment.
When Neymar's claims came to light in the Catalan capital, Barcelona sent a counterclaim.
The Blue Grant insists-Granats insist that the bonus relied on for the entire contract - from 2016 to 2022.
Accordingly, the club believe that the player was only a quarter of 40 million euros and require a return of the proportionate portion of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer Neymar and Barca almost agreed on the return of a "wholesome" player to the fold of Catalonia.
True, the deal has broken down, but the hope of a reverse forward remains.
And here, as reports Sports.Ru with reference to insiders, lawyers of the club told representatives of the player that if the question of financial claims will not be settled in pre-trial procedure, it will exclude the possibility of return of the Brazilian.
Neymar himself wants to return so much that he has asked for assurances that the Catalans will buy him back.
March Laar: EKRE members will not join the Board of the Bank of Estonia
EKRE members have not been and will not be invited to the board.
The Board of the Bank of Estonia draws conclusions about trust in the Estonian state.
As long as such behavior persists among EKRE members that they first say, and then think, none of them will be invited to the bank's board.
"The Chairman of the Board of the Bank of Estonia cannot apologize for the statements of the board members of the Board," Laar said in an interview with Delfi, broadcast portal ERR.
At the same time, Laar noted that EKRE is represented at the meetings of the board of Eesti Pank Tillen joined Icelandic club Fram.
The current seventh members of the board of the Bank of Estonia includes, in addition to Laar, Liina Tõnisson, Kaye Kerem, Urmas Varblane, Kalev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (Reform Party), Ann Listra and Rhine Minka.
At Laar's suggestion, two council members - Kallo and Tynisson - should be replaced, in their place Laar proposed Anne Eesmaa (Centralist Party) and Ivari Padara (Social Democratic Party).
At the same time, the Reform Party wanted Andres Sutt to join the council instead of Jaanus Tamkivi.
But Laar replied that the aim of the Reform Party was to get two seats on the board of the Bank of Estonia - that, in addition to Jaanus Tamkivi the council would include Andres Сутть.
On Tuesday, September 24, the Riigikogu rejected Laar's proposal to appoint new members of the Board of the Bank of Estonia.
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the scandal in Kyrgyzstan with the show Malakhov
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation commented on the situation with indignation, which caused in Kyrgyzstan the next issue of Andrey Malakhov's program "Direct ether", RIA Novosti reported.
Earlier, a Russian diplomat was summoned to the Foreign Ministry of Kyrgyzstan after the broadcast.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic considers that the presenter made incorrect statements about the situation around the citizen of Kyrgyzstan Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant in the accident in which the Russian Alexander Marugov died.
Malakhov said that a citizen of Kyrgyzstan could have faked the accident.
The accident happened on July 8 in Moscow.
Marugov crashed on a motorcycle in a taxi driven by Akbarov.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is the culprit of the accident.
Malakhov himself, from whom citizens of Kyrgyzstan demanded an apology, said that these words were just a personal opinion.
As explained in the Russian diplomatic department, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan did not call Russian diplomats - there was a planned working visit, during which, among other issues, discussed the statements of the TV presenter.
"The Andriy Malakhov's point of view is the opinion of the journalist, his personal view of the situation," the Foreign Ministry said, responding that the incident would not affect interstate relations between Russia and Kyrgyzstan.
Figures Artemyev and Nazarychev won the stage of junior Grand Prix in Zagreb
Russian figure skaters Yulia Artemyeva and Mikhail Nazarychev won gold in the of sports couples at the stage of the junior Grand Prix, held in Zagreb, writes TASS.
For short and arbitrary programs Artemyev and Nazarychev received 179.83 points.
In the second place with the result of 177.58 was another Russian couple - Diana Mukhametzyanov and Ilya Mironov, bronze got to Germans Annika Hoke and Robert Kunkel (156,31 points).
Russian pair Anna Shcheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took the fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of the stage in Zagreb reached the final of the junior Grand Prix.
It will be held in Turin from December 5 to 8.
Later on September 27, the arbitrary program will show young men in single skating.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28.
On September 21, Russian figure skater Alexander Trusov set new world records in an arbitrary program and by the sum of points on tournament in Slovakia.
The judges rated her arbitrary hire at 163.78 points, and the short program at 74.91 points.
For 15-year-old sportswoman these competitions became the first at adult level.
President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only in Belarus
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only in Belarus.
President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko visited one of the local cosmetics companies in Minsk today.
He said that imported cosmetics are not better than Belarusian, and the advantage of domestic products is that they are made of local raw materials.
"It should be used," the Belarusian leader said.
Alexander Lukashenko expressed the need to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the Belarusian leader advised local sugar processors to find new markets.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exports to Russia and "not to suffer."
The situation with sugar exports has worsened due to excess product in the markets, - recalls RBC.
This was also the case in Russia, where because of the excess sugar cost 50 kopecks per kilogram less than in Belarus.
In Domodedovo truck killed seven-year-old girl on crossing
The driver shot down the mother with the child at a pedestrian crossing in Domodedovo, the head of the press service of the Russian Interior Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia for the Moscow region Tatyana Petrova told Interfax.
According to Petrov, the incident took place on Friday at 08: 25 on Gagarin Street.
A mother and daughter shot down a resident of Domodedovo born in 1994 behind the wheel of a truck "Gaz."
The crash left a seven-year-old child died on the spot and the woman was hospitalized.
"A criminal case has been initiated against the driver under Part 3 of Article 264 of the Criminal Code (violation of the rules of traffic and the operation of vehicles, which causing negligent death of a person)," - a representative of the regional police chief said.
This article provides for a maximum penalty of up to 5 years' imprisonment.
The offender is currently detained, Petrov concluded.
Former head of the DPR told about his work in Russia
The former acting head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) Dmitry Trapeznikov, who headed the administration of Elista, assessed the state of the city.
The official told the in a comment Telegram-channel "Rise."
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic condition.
"It is necessary to the economy, it is necessary to attach an economic hand: here, of course, it is necessary to make roads and outdoor lighting," he said, adding that among the tasks - to make a comfortable well-built city.
Trapeznikova was the post of mayor of Elista by the head of Kalmykia Bata Hasikov proposed.
The former acting head of the DNR admitted that he was familiar with the head of the region for a long time ago.
In particular, he repeatedly came to the republic, where he was engaged in work with young people and carried out sports events.
"And here he addressed me, invited to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then offered to lead the city," the official added.
Separately, Trapeznikov commented on the information of the source belonging to Grigory Berezkin RBC, who reported that his candidacy to the head of Kalmykia was offered by assistant to the president Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication, "long ago befriends" Hasikov.
"It is not enough that they write.
And at the level of the various fictional stories happens.
I think it is not worth paying attention, "he added.
The mayor of Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and a passport of the.
On September 26, he headed the administration of Elista.
Putin and the Security Council discussed security without the INF Treaty
The meeting also discussed the settlement in Syria after the formation of a constitutional committee
Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed with the Russian Security Council security issues after the termination of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces and Shorter-Range Missile Treaty, including taking into account the proposal of a number of NATO member states to impose a moratorium on the deployment of INF.
This was reported by the press secretary of the Russian leader Dmitry Peskov.
The Kremlin representative noted that the meeting also discussed current issues of socio-economic development of the country, as well as further prospects of settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Chairman of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko, Secretary of the Security Council Nikolai Patrushev, Director of the FSB Alexander Bortnikov, Head of the Defense Ministry Sergey Shoigu, Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergey Naryshkin.
According to the site kp.ru, on September 25, the Russian leader sent to some member countries of the North Atlantic Alliance a proposal to impose a moratorium on the deployment of medium- and shorter-range missiles in Europe.
But альнянса Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, called Putin's proposal unrealistic.
A dump truck demolished the overpass on the track under construction in Crimea
The dump truck with a raised body shot down two beams of the overpass on the Tavrida highway in the Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cab and thus saved his life.
The incident took place on the morning of September 27 in the Bakhchisaray region of the peninsula.
The man behind the wheel of the heavy car remembered to lower the body, and when remembered - it was too late to brake.
The driver jumped out of the cab and the dump truck crashed into the overpass at speed.
The collapsed beams washed away the cabin and blocked the carriageway, on which, however, there is no traffic yet.
The amount of damage has yet to be determined, it is planned to recover it from the subcontractor of the construction of the highway, whose driver and arranged an accident.
Medvedev congratulated educators on their professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated educators and all preschool workers on their professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in the telegram published on the website of the Government.
Medvedev noted that the profession of educator is special, requiring great love for his work, wisdom, patience and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you with their child.
And you do everything to make kindergarten a second home for children, where cozy, interesting, safe.
"Together with you, they learn the surrounding world, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn independence, the ability to communicate and be friends," the Prime Minister said.
According to the Prime Minister, thanks to the educator children form character and abilities are revealed.
Medvedev is sure that the future of children depends on the teacher.
"That is why the development of pre-school education, improving its quality, the construction of modern kindergartens, the material support of preschool workers of pre-school institutions are priority tasks of the state social policy aimed at the solution of which the national project" Demography "is directed to," the Prime Minister said.
Rooms in the center of Moscow are rented at the price of an apartment on the outskirts of
Despite the decrease in the number of communal flats in Moscow, demand for them does not fall.
The offer is tightened by the demand at the expense of room rent.
In the center of Moscow, renting rooms is expensive faster than on the outskirts - mainly because of high demand.
At the same time rooms in the center are rented at the price of apartments on the outskirts.
Thus, in Hamovniki the first four albums became No. 1 singles, the average price for renting a room is 28 thousand rubles, according to the study of the portal "World of apartments."
For this money it is possible to remove a single piece near the Moscow Ring Road.
On Arbat rooms are rented for an average of 27.3 thousand rubles, although individual offers can compete with rates not only for one-bedroom, but also for two-bedroom apartments in sleeping areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are rented in Kapotna - the average price for the district amounted to 13.6 thousand rubles.
The second place on in cheapness at the district Biryulevo West (13.8 thousand).
For 14.1 thousand rooms are rented in Biryulev East and Veshnyaki.
The most expensive area behind MCAD was Solntsunvo, where rooms are rented for almost 16 thousand rubles a month.
Rooms in North and South Butov and Novo-Peredelkin will cost of a little cheaper.
How to increase future pension and not recycle
It is able to pay pension not only the Pension Fund of the Russian Federation, but also non-state pension funds.
APF are private companies, according to "Volgograd Pravda.ru."
They work as a contribution: you make contributions, the fund invests them and over time returns you money with interest.
If you are interested in this method, first examine the information about APF on the website of the Bank of Russia.
All funds operate under the same rules, which are established by federal laws.
Pension points can be purchased by law.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of service you don't have to accrue a pension.
This method is suitable to those who worked informally.
It is also possible to contribute for a relative, such as a housewife.
Recommendation for those thinking about a pension at the beginning of their employment journey.
The increased amount of pension payments is received by civil servants, doctors, teachers, agricultural workers and people who have worked a certain number of years in the Far North.
In order not to refuse anything with the onset of retirement age, take care of it in advance.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, deposit money.
The most important thing is to constantly improve your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth power unit of the CHPP
The video, made in the control unit of the fourth power unit at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, appeared on the Internet, the first it published on YouTube video agency Ruptly.
It is noted that a group of 15 representatives of the media received access to the fourth control room of the in the framework of the presentation of the guide to the exclusion zone.
As reported in the Telegram-channel RT's, journalists were there in special protective suits less than five minutes, as the ruins of the detonated power unit still exhaust radiation, 40 thousand times higher than the norm.
The accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred on the night of April 26, 1986.
There were 12 regions in Ukraine and 23% of the territory of Belarus.
In Russia, 19 regions were affected.
In July this year, the Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky signed a decree according to which a green corridor opened for tourists appeared in the Chernobyl zone.
The ban on filming is also lifted a Also in the exclusion zone.
Earlier, it was reported that the zone of alienation of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant from the Belarusian side was opened for tourists.
The tour organizers stressed that a day in the zone can get less radiation than during the flight by plane.
Tarasov repeated Ibrahimovich's stunt
The former Moscow Lokomotiv midfielder took part in the Challenger, which launched the Swedish forward of the American "Los Angeles Galaxy" Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The video of the stunt Tarasov posted to his Instagram.
After that Tarasov challenged Khavbek "railroadmen" Alexei and Anton Miranchukam, rap performer T-Killah, as well as bloggers from YouTube channel 2DROTS.
The Swede has posted a video with the hashtag matrixchallenge, on which he holds the ball on his chest, deflects backwards, and performs movements with his hands, as the main character of the movie "The Matrix" Neo, who in one of the scenes similarly dodged flying bullets.
Ibrahimovich offered to repeat the trick to Havbek "Manchester United" Paul Pogba, tennis player Novak Djokovic, Russian UFC champion Habib Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Raiola, noting them under the record.
Earlier, it was reported that the wife of the Ukrainian footballer took part in the Challenge of.
Trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia could reach $6 billion by 2019
With a positive trend, the trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia could reach 6 billion rubles by the end of 2019, said Slovak Economy Minister Peter Zhiga.
At the meeting of the intergovernmental commission on economic and scientific-technical cooperation of the Russian Federation and Slovakia, the Minister noted the growth of trade turnover between the two countries.
Last year it amounted to 13 percent, the figure of 5.5 billion dollars.
For the first half of 2019, the states reached 3 billion dollars of mutual trade turnover, Zhiga said.
According to the Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov, in order to consolidate this positive trend it is necessary to increase cooperation in the industrial sector.
Earlier it became known that parliamentarians of Russia and Slovakia are going to hold joint events on the development of tourism between the countries, as well as interaction in the field of health and education.
On TNT decided that rapper Guff is not good enough for the show "Holostyak"
The network condemned several days later, and whether rapper Guff is worthy to be the new "Holostyak".
He was also reminded of his many betrayals and with escorts, and even decided that in this way the musician wants to be rehabilitated for the scandalous clip "Moscow," which received a record number of diesels from listeners.
But all the management of the TNT channel decided to stop all the.
Guff will not be a new contestant on the show "Holostyak."
The official statement of the press service said that he was considered for this role, but eventually chose another candidate.
Who could be better than Guf?
Yes, in fact, anyone...
"Well, at least in something producers were able to figure out, not the format it for this program," "Yes they just wanted little girls for it didn't him did not," "Again another sweet boy on the screen will be dragged," - the news to the users of the.
Mahomed Ismailov: "When I hear such support of the fans, then I become simply abnormal in a cage."
The Russian fighter of the mixed single combats (MMA) Mahomed Ismailov commented on a victory over Artem Frolov on the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy is just a gun.
He has cannon strikes.
And when I looked him in the eye, I saw desire and character.
This is a real muse.
More respect for him.
I wish him good luck in the future.
He is a real man.
When I hear such support of the fans, then I become just abnormal in a cage.
It was very hard.
I tried.
I spoke about the show.
I promised the show?
Was it a show?
Thank you.
And to those who said that I suffocate in the third round...
Ismailov finished his speech with a victorious gesture.
Deutsche Welle could be denied accreditation and recognized as an alien
The State Duma Commission concluded that the German television and radio company Deutsche Welle violated the law, RIA "Novosti."
The documents will be sent to the Ministry of Justice for recognition by Deutsche Welle as an alien.
In the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation materials for deprivation of accreditation on the territory of Russia were transferred.
Earlier, representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in a meeting of the State Duma commission to investigate the facts of the interference of other countries in the internal affairs of Russia.
A massive Facebook failure has hit Europe.
Ukraine also got
In the work of the social network Facebook in Europe there has been a massive failure.
Recall, before this social network "falled" on September 23.
As the monitoring resource of the Downdetector network informs, the greatest problems with access to the social network are experienced by Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, as well as virtually the whole UK.
Large-scale disruptions are observed on the border of Romania and Bulgaria, in Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Portugal.
Facebook is also unavailable almost throughout Poland, places in Belarus and the Baltic states.
In Ukraine, judging by the map of failures, Facebook is not available in the Kiev region, as well as partially in the Kharkiv and Vinnytsia regions.
It should be noted that in early September, problems were also experienced by Wikipedia users.
Which club will take Pavel Mamayev released on UDO
Footballer Pavel Mamaev, released last week from prison on parole, the football club "Krasnodar" will not return to the.
The former midfielder of this club could soon sign a contract with FC Rostov, "according to the Championship portal" World. "
According to the publication, negotiations between the representatives of Rostov and Mamayev are now in the final stage.
The contract with the 31-year-old footballer will be signed for two years with the possibility of an extension for another season.
Sport-Express writes that a day earlier Pavel Mamayev had to undergo a medical examination in Moscow's Dynamo, but the scan did not take place due to "uncertain situation at the club."
"Krasnodar" terminated the contract with Mamaev last week by agreement of the parties.
The midfielder has played for the Krasnodar club since 2014.
With the team he twice won bronze of the championship of Russia.
Earlier Mamayev played for Moscow's Torpedo and CSKA Moscow.
From 2009 to 2016, Mamayev played for the Russian national team, having played 15 matches.
Along with Zenit player Alexander Kokorin Mamayev was serving a sentence for taking part in fights in the center of Moscow in October last year.
In mid-September, they were released from prison on parole.
Zenit signed a new contract with Kokorin.
A man with a samurai sword tried to defend a trolley found in a garbage heap
A resident of the U.S. city of Oakland Park, Florida, arrested on charges of attempted murder after waving a samurai sword at his opponent in a dispute because of a cart found in the trash.
The 54-year-old Curtis Miller (Curtis Miller) was digging in a pile of debris near the empty house.
This was noticed by Todd Beavers (Todd Beavers), who was out for an evening walk.
The latter decided to join the search and found a black trolley among the drop-offs.
Miller saw Bivers' find and got upset.
He believed he could claim the trolley as he was the first to start digging in the trash.
The men began to argue.
Suddenly, Beavers grabbed the cart and ran with it toward his home.
Miller then took the Samurai sword he had found in the same heap and began to pursue the pursued his opponent.
He caught up with Beavers near his home.
Miller snatched the sword from the knives and began waving them in the direction of the cart kidnapper.
Beavers told Miller that what was happening is recorded on video.
After noticing the video camera, Miller escaped, but threatened to return.
Beavers left a trolley in the yard and went into the house.
Soon after, he saw an unfamiliar woman enter the yard and a trolley, shouting insults.
Police were already searching for Miller for driving a car without rights.
The man was detained and charged with attempted murder.
In September, it was reported that in the US city of Hardiston, New Jersey, a hedge fund manager attacked an unfamiliar woman and wounded her with a sword.
So he responded that the guests at the wedding, which was celebrated in the same hotel where he stopped, did not let him smoke.
Mass riots at three
The "Moscow case" against the participants of the summer protests the further, the more noticeable it breaks down into separate fragments and loses political content.
Of "mass unrest" itself does not stand up to scrutiny, but in the absence of a political decision to put the case on the brakes, a weak evidence base would not necessarily lead to the dismissal of charges.
The collapse of the case should inspire society, but will certainly leave in extreme irritation the security officials, whose efforts to fill the case with figures and evidence were in vain.
On Thursday, September 26, one of the three remaining defendants in the case under Article 212 of the Criminal Code (mass riots) - Alexey Minyailo was unexpectedly released from custody without any obligation, and after a few hours and at all rehabilitated: the SCR dropped the charges against him.
He was arrested for almost two months, and several professional communities joined him: historians, priests, writers.
After that, in the case of only two accused of participating in mass riots remained, initially accused was 13): Sergei Fomin, transferred September 3, under house arrest, and Samariddin Rajabov, who on the eve of the court extended the arrest until the end of December (he is also accused of using violence against a representative, Article 318 of the Criminal Code).
The court sentenced the author of joke petition on the accession of Latvia to US
The court of Vidzeme suburb of Riga sentenced the author of a joke petition on Latvia's accession to the United States of America, Denis Bartecki.
It is noted that the man appointed 80 hours of correctional work and one year of probation.
"Common sense is not the strongest side of our system," commented Bartecki of the court decision.
He also added that the punishment is usually less than requested.
The collection of signatures on Latvia's accession to the United States was organized in 2016.
Meanwhile, at the same time with this petition, the site collected signatures on Latvia's accession to the Galactic Empire and on the country's withdrawal from the Solar System and the Milky Way.
It is noted that a criminal case has been initiated against Bartetsky under the first paragraph of Article 82 of the Criminal Law of the country - "Public call to undermine the territorial integrity of the Republic of Latvia."
Before that, in 2016, the author of an online petition about Latvia's accession to Russia received six months in prison.
Japanese airliner made an emergency landing in Khabarovsk
Boeing, flying from Austria to Japan, made an emergency landing at the airport of Khabarovsk, reports TASS reported.
The airliner, owned by Japanese company ANA, was carrying 206 people, including 12 crew members.
It is noted that there are no victims.
For people from Tokyo flew another board.
As the representative of the Khabarovsk airport told the agency, the cause of the incident was a drop in oil pressure in one of the engines of the aircraft.
Earlier it was reported that the plane flying from Moscow airport Zhukovsky to Kyrgyzstan, made an emergency landing at the airport of Samara because of a sick child on board.
Russian Interior Ministry of Russia proposes to punish for insulting police on the Internet
The Russian Interior Ministry has prepared amendments to the Law "On Police" in order to protect the custody of the order from the dissemination of defamatory and defamatory information on the Internet.
On Friday, the federal portal of normative legal acts appeared an application for public discussion of the bill, the draft document itself has not yet been published.
The explanatory note to the document notes that it is being developed in connection with the need to protect the honour and dignity of a police officer from "proliferation in the information and communication networks, including the Internet, of defamatory information and communication networks, including in the network of a discreditable nature".
How exactly it is supposed to protect the police from online defamation on the network is not specified.
At the same time, in the explanation to the document it is noted that the provisions of the amendments will be applied "by individualizing the mechanism" already pre-empted by the law on blocking posts. insulting the authorities, and the law on fines for such posts posts.
Both laws came into force in March this year.
The final text of the bill will be published after public discussions and an independent anti-corruption expertise.
According to the explanatory note, the amendments to the Law "On Police Act are due to enter into force in January 2020.
On March 18, President Vladimir Putin signed a law punishing "apparent contempt for the state" on the internet.
According to this document, Roskomnadzor warns the resource about the violation and gives it a day to eliminate it.
For the first violation of prohibitions there is a fine in the amount of 30 to 300 thousand rubles, and for the second violation - administrative arrest for up to 15 days.
On April 12, Roskomnadzor applied this rule to the media for the first time, blocking the Yaroslavl edition 76.ru.
Soon after, the Chudovsky District Court of Novgorod region fined the local resident 30 thousand rubles for posting on the network "two records with information in an obscene form that offends human dignity and public morality and expresses a clear disrespect for society, the state, the bodies exercising state power in the Russian Federation".
The term of reduction of mortgage rates is called
The rates on housing loans in Russia will be reduced until the end of 2019.
This was stated by General Director of the credit organization Alexander Plutnik, "Interfax."
As Plutnik noted on the board of the Ministry of Construction of Russia, most banks in the remaining months of the year will carry out another cycle of reduction of mortgage rates, and the market average will reach 8.9 percent - the level envisaged by the national project "Housing and urban environment".
According to the project passport, in 2019 the average mortgage rate should be 8.9 percent, in 2021 - 8.5 percent, by 2024 - 7.9 percent.
The program provides for the provision of affordable housing for middle-income families, including the creation of opportunities for purchase (construction of housing with the use of a mortgage loan, the rate at which should be less than 8 percent). "
Earlier in September it became known that one of the largest players in the Russian mortgage market - Sberbank - plans to carry out another reduction of rates on housing loans by the end of 2019.
Will phytoestrogens and phytoandrogens will help to prolong youth?
The subject of phytoandrogens is poorly studied.
Of the most famous - pine pollen.
But phytoestrogens are well studied and have a positive effect on the body.
They reduce the risks of certain diseases associated with age (among them cardiovascular, some cancers).
Known sources of phytoestrogens - all legumes (the most popular - soya), hops, flax seeds.
However, many experts believe that such dietary supplements can not be a full-fledged substitute for natural hormones.
The possible harm from such supplements cannot be ruled out.
For example, against the background of their intake, the production of their own hormones may decrease due to the fact that there are too many analogues in the body from the outside.
Veretennikov urged to revive Kazakh "Zhenis."
The former striker "Rotor" and Russian national team Oleg Veretennikov joined the action to revive on revival of the Kazakhstan's "Zhenis."
The club from Astana, which in different years was called "Dynamo," "," "Astana" and "Zhenis," was disbanded in 2014.
Veretennikov defended his colours in 2004 and 2008.
"I learned about the action to revive the football club" Zhenis, ", organized by his fans.
And could not stay away!
In this club I spent a season and a half.
These were not the best times in terms of results and funding, but I will never forget this club and its dedicated fans, who have always been with the team!
The Munaytpasov Stadium, where I scored my 200th goal in my career, will remain in my memory and the stadium name!
"Genis" should be revived!
He has a huge history and wonderful fans.
I wish them all the best and believe that the city authorities will return them the native club! "wrote Veretennikov in Instagram.
The "Bastion" Onyx "in Chukotka
The Defense Ministry for the first time launched a cruise missile from the Bastion complex on Chukotka.
"Onyx" launched at a distance of 350 kilometers from the target, and 200 of them flew over land, which is a record for this type of missile.
The security of the firing range was provided by about 10 warships and ships of the Pacific Fleet, as well as aircraft of naval aviation, the Department of Information and Mass Communications of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation.
Previously, the Bastion complexes had never been used on Chukotka.
Hydrometer Center named faithful people's signs
In Russia, there are a lot of people will accept by which people try to predict the weather.
Unfortunately, not all of them work.
In the Hydrometer Center checked all the signs that supposedly work.
Meteorologists have come to the conclusion that only two of them can really be trusted, however, in a short-term timeframe.
As the scientific director of the Hydromet Center of Russia Roman Wilfand told, if the sun is red at the time of sunset, the next day will really be a, as our ancestors noted.
And if the heavenly light is white, it will rain the next day.
The second working sign is based on bird watching.
More often talk about swallows, if they fly low, it is usually to rain.
It is explained simply - when the humidity of the air is great, then the moss is the wings and the feathers are forced to decline to hunt insects, writes TASS.
On different continents there are people's signs.
Surka Day is a traditional folk holiday in the US and Canada, celebrated annually on February 2.
It is believed that on this day it is necessary to observe a surfer coming out of his hole to determine the time of arrival of spring.
Unidentified oil spots found on beaches of northeast Brazil
Oil spots of unknown origin have been discovered on 99 beaches in northeast Brazil.
Pockets of pollution appeared scattered over two thousand kilometers of coastline.
Reports of the first oil slicks discovered began as early as the second of September.
But with each passing day until Thursday, their numbers, as well as the territorial coverage, continued to increase.
The Brazilian Environment Institute conducted a chemical analysis of the samples identified.
It turned out that all of them are identical and it is about crude oil.
At the state oil corporation Petrobras, which was transferred for analysis of the samples found, said that they did not correspond to the composition of oil extracted from fields in Brazil.
"It is thick oil.
It can be dropped from one of the ships after cleaning the tanks.
Many continue to do so.
And most likely, it got into the ocean ", - the coordinator of the union of oil workers of Pernambuco and Paraiba Rogerio Almeida told the Brazilian news portal G1.
He also added that, despite the prohibition of the practice, many ships continue to dump waste on the high seas.
On the beaches of four of the eight affected states in the north-east, environmentalists found nine sea turtles completely covered in oil film.
And only two of them managed to be rescued.
In the coming days, the Brazilian Institute of the Environment, together with Petrobras, will begin cleaning up polluted beaches.
And while experts of the institute recommend to tourists and local residents to bypass oil spots side by side and to notify about all detected hot spots pockets of pollution.
Medvedev instructed to review the standards of of public catering enterprises
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev instructed Rospotrebnadzor, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Economy and the Ministry of Industry and Trade together with the business ombudsman and the business community to review sanitary and epidemiological rules and norms for public catering organizations.
They will also study the issue of transition to the application of the requirements set by the technical regulations of the Eurasian Economic Union.
The agency's proposals should be submitted to the government no later than October 15, according to the list of instructions of Mr. Medvedev following the results of the September 11 program "Dialogue" on the TV channel "Russia 24."
In addition, Mr. Medvedev instructed all the above-mentioned departments, in addition to the Ministry of Justice, to submit proposals for conducting an experiment to limit control measures for public catering organizations in a number of regions, including Moscow, Tatarstan and Kaliningrad Oblast, from January 1, 2020.
The Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Economy has until November 11 instructed to submit to the government a bill with amendments to the Administrative Code on the application of administrative suspension of activities for violation of the requirements for the organization of food, which caused harm to health.
In addition, the Ministry of Labor, the Ministry of Economy, Rospotrebnadzor and the Ministry of Finance need to work out the issue of gradual transition from 2021 to the formation of a consumer basket based on the basic set of products, which allows to form a full-fledged diet of healthy food.
Recall, the outdated requirements the business community spoke after the closure of one cafe from the network "."
The business community demanded the abolition of the existing SanPiN, Rospotrebnadzor announced the joint development of new ones.
33 agencies were included in the list.
Meanwhile, Rospotrebnadzor intends to reduce the number of sanitary norms and regulations 40 times by 2021.
Currently, the operatives now have information about three thefts involving the detainee.
A man was in the Skuratovsky district of Tula.
He stole batteries and car magnets from the machines.
Of the two cars - VAZ-2106 and VAZ-2107 - the kidnapper took away the batteries, presumably for further sale.
"And from another car VAZ-2107 with the same purpose, the attacker took the car magnetol and subwoofer," - reported on in the Department of Internal Affairs in Tula region.
The intruder probably intended to resell.
The 26-year-old unemployed man is currently detained.
Russian people not from what to postpone retirement - V. Matvienko
Speaker of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko believes that Russians do not have enough savings to make the bill on the guaranteed pension product fully effective in the country.
The practice of increasing pensions through personal savings in the world is quite common.
Another thing is how timely its introduction is.
"In my opinion, now a significant part of the population has incomes, from which they simply have nothing to allocate to increase pension provision in the future," V. Matvienko said.
The Russians, according to the speaker, cannot understand the mechanisms of formation and accrual of pension, because "constant changes in this sphere have finally confused them."
This does not mean that I am against improving the pension system, which regulates its legislation.
"Russia is a social state, and we are obliged to do everything to ensure that pensions, social security of citizens is improved.
But the steps in this direction should be thoughtful, responsible, taking into account the domestic realities, "V. Matvienko told RIA Novosti.
The head of the SF stressed that if this initiative (the bill on the guaranteed pension product) develops, then several basic principles must necessarily be provided, including voluntariness, tax preferences for citizens and employers and strict guarantees and the responsibility of the state to ensure the safety of pension savings.
On September 6, the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation announced that it had sent to a draft law on a guaranteed pension product (GPP) would be for approval.
Among its main elements - exclusively voluntary procedure of citizens to the system of savings, guaranteeing the preservation of long-term pension savings of citizens by the state, registration of accumulative accounts of citizens by the central administrator, tax benefits for business and tax deductions for citizens.
Spider-Man remains in the Marvel film universe.
Sony and Disney have agreed
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption News of the departure of a beloved superhero from the Marvel film universe has sparked anger among many devoted fans
One of the most famous comic book heroes - Spider-Man - will remain in the film universe of Marvel.
Disney and Sony Pictures have managed to negotiate the rights to its use in franchise films.
It came to light from a Sony press release announcing that the third part of the "Spider-Man" with Tom Holland will be released on the hit screens on July 16, 2021.
It was previously reported that Disney and Sony Pictures could not come to a consensus on revenue sharing deal, which would leave Spider-Man out of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
The rights to the movie hero owns Sony.
She loaned them out for Marvel films, which is owned by Disney.
As a result, Sony received revenue from the film box office, and Disney - with souvenirs and toys.
As reported, at some point such a situation ceased to suit Disney, and the company wanted to renegotiate the agreement.
Marvel Studios president Kevin Faighi said he was thrilled.
It is stunning that the journey of Spider-Man in Marvel's film universe will continue.
"All of us at Marvel Studios are very pleased to be able to continue working on it.
Spider-Man is an iconic figure.
This is a hero whose story affects all generations and audiences around the world, "he said in his press release.
In doing so, Faigi recalled that Sony is also creating its own kinship built just around Spider-Man.
"So it happened that he was the only super-powered hero who found himself in different movie universes.
So while Sony continues to develop its own Spidey universe, the future may bring unexpected surprises, "he said.
Tom Holland, who played Spider-Man in five films, apparently commenting on the news, posted in his Instagram account an excerpt from the movie "The Wolf from Wall Street," in which the hero Leonardo di Caprio shouts "I'm not going away!"
Information about the contradictions between the companies emerged in August.
According to media reports, Disney wanted to receive half of the box office revenue from Spider-Man films on the condition that both companies will pay half the cost of producing the paintings.
But that didn't suit Sony.
News of the possible departure of a beloved superhero from the Marvel film universe has sparked anger among many devoted fans.
Details of the new terms have not yet been disclosed.
As reported by CNBC, Sony declined to comment on the agreement, but said: "We have cooperated perfectly over the past four years, and our shared desire to continue working together was commensurate with the wishes of many fans [Spider-Man.
We are glad that we can go forward together. "
The film "Avengers: The Final," which brought together Spider-Man, Thor, the Hulk and other Marvel superheroes, became the most box office hit in the history of world cinema, shifting from first place "Avatar."
President of Belarus invited to visit Crimea
The head of the Belarusian community of Crimea Roman Chegrinets invited Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko to visit the peninsula.
The main dream is to transfer power by inheritance
How to remember 25-year rule of Lukashenko in Belarus
In his opinion, closer economic cooperation with Belarus will benefit the region.
Chegrinets expressed confidence that after Lukashenko Belarusian enterprises will come to Crimea, RIA Novosti reports.
On September 26, the President of Belarus answered the question of the Ukrainian journalist about the return of Crimea to Ukraine.
According to the Belarusian leader, he does not consider it possible in the foreseeable future: "This issue is closed once and for all."
However, in Kiev and the West, the results of the vote did not recognize.
Lukashenko says reasons for continued conflict in Donbass
The famous blogger Andrey Poltava came with searches: What is known at the moment
On Friday, September 27, in Poltava in the house of relatives of volunteer and blogger Andrei Karpov, known as Andrey Poltava, are searched.
This was reported by the blogger in Facebook, noting that he does not live at this address.
In addition, Poltava writes that once again received an email of such content: "We report that in the territory... I left a homemade bomb.
The second similar explosive device laid in the car will be detonated today near the house of the famous Ukrainian propagandist Karpov Andrey Anatolyevich (also known as Andrey Poltava)...
Death to the Punishers. "
Karpov believes that his activities as a volunteer, politician and blogger do not like the Russian occupiers.
Subscribers of Poltava are sure that he makes the right transfers and wish him strength and trepidation.
Recall, Poltava conducts conversations with the Russians about the war in Donbass, the annexation of Crimea, about the world, politics, and then uploaded the video to the internet.
The blogger ran for the Verkhovna Rada from the European Solidarity party. "
Now he leads TV broadcasts on the channel "Direct," where he harshly criticizes Russian propaganda.
In 2017, according to the TV channel ICTV, Karpov was recognized as the best blogger in Ukraine.
Riigikogu: Estonia wants to make the 2050 climate targets even more ambitious
Commission chairman of the commission Anneli Ott noted that three hearings had been held to date, in the commission.
Experts, entrepreneurs and representatives of the Ministry of Environment presented their vision of achieving carbon neutrality in Estonia.
"The resulting review will argue that, together with other EU member states, Estonia is actively looking for opportunities to make the 2050 climate goals even more ambitious and agree on ways to achieve them," Ott said.
The chairman added that the Government had also scheduled a discussion on the analysis of Estonia's increasing climate ambitions for October 3.
The decision on its outcome will continue to be discussed in the commissions of the Riigikogu commissions.
The commission's deputy chairman Deputy Chairman of the Commission Riina Sikkut said that Estonia needs a clear plan to achieve the climate goals, agreed with all stakeholders.
International agreements and the high cost of carbon dioxide emissions quotas will be in any case.
"In addition to energy, within the framework of domestic discussions, the Riigikogu could focus on measures in agriculture, transport, forestry and housing.
It is necessary to take into account the social and economic impact of all changes, "Sikkut said.
This autumn, the Riigikogu Commission for European Union Affairs launched a series of parliamentary hearings to prepare a decision with which Estonia will participate in the EU negotiations on climate targets for 2050.
Chelsea outmaneuver Neymar record salary
The leadership of the English Chelsea expressed a desire to acquire the attacking French PSG Neymar.
This was reported by El Desmarque.
According to the publication, the London club will make Parisians in the summer transfer window.
It is noted that is going to pay PSG 300 million, and Neymar to offer a contract with a salary of 42 million euros, which will make him the highest paid player in the world.
The Brazilian this summer declared a desire to return to Barcelona. "
Neymar, according to media reports, did not want to stay at PSG, but ended up as a result didn't manage to leave to another club in the past transfer window.
After that, fans of Parisians publicly appealed to the footballer, expressing dissatisfaction with his actions.
In the Rostov region the child was amputated by the hand due to a mistake of medics
In the Rostov region, an 11-year-old boy lost his arm because of a mistake by doctors.
This is described in a note published on the pages of the Internet media.
As IA REGNUM news agency, the child was taken to the hospital of the city of Zernograd with a broken arm.
The boy was put on gypsum, then developed gangrene.
As a result, the limb had to be amputated.
The quoted material states that the staff of Roszdzornadzor identified in the medical institution "violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis of the child, as well as the standard and volume of the assistance provided during the first stage of treatment."
Investigators will investigate the incident.
In the Penza region, a car knocked down a woman with two children
A car has shot down a woman with an infant in a stroller and a three-year-old son in the Penza region, one child died.
This was reported by the head of the press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs for the region Olga Evdokimova.
The accident happened in the district on Friday evening.
The agency's interlocutor clarified that the woman was walking along the sidewalk with a stroller carrying in which there was a child of 2019 baby and with the son of 2016 birth,.
The driver of the Ford Focus shot down all three.
As a result, the older boy died.
The youngest child was taken unconscious to a hospital.
The woman has no injuries, she was released after examination.
According to Evdokimova, the perpetrator of the accident tried to leave the scene but was promptly detained.
According to preliminary data, the driver was drunk, he was sent for a medical examination.
The accident is being checked.
High-ranking ex-police officer from the CBD detained in Krasnodar
The guards of order detained in Krasnodar in the rented apartment of the former chief of the operative and search part of the Interior Ministry's own security in Kabardino-Balkaria Sergey Rybnikov.
He has been wanted since May as part in a case of bribes, writes RIA Novosti citing representatives of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Russian Federation and the.
The man was taken to the investigative unit.
The in the case has been placed in custody before he was charged in absentia.
According to law enforcement agencies, in 2017-2018, officials of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Kabardino-Balkar Republic received a bribe of 42 million rubles.
For this money they did not prevent illegal transportation of alcohol-containing products on the territory of the region.
The defendants in the case are 16 people.
At the same time, 14 of them were detained at the initial stage of the investigation.
Oleg Vinnik landed in the base "Peacemaker": what happened
Popular Ukrainian singer Oleg Vinnik, who starred in the All World project with Russian stars who supported the Kremlin's policy towards Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea, got into the base "Peacemaker."
This message appeared on the official website of the base.
The description refers to the fact that Vinnik became a participant of the Russian propaganda anti-Ukrainian action All World, aimed at shifting the responsibility of the war unleashed by Russia (aggressor country) to Ukraine.
Recall that in the clip was attended by Vladimir Pozner, Mireille Mathieu (France), Alessandro Safina (Italy), Valeria, Soso Pavliashvili, Igor Kruta, Zara, Tamara Gverdtseli, Denis Klyaver, Valery Syutkin, Dmitry Malikov, Maxim Pokrovsky, Yana Poplavskaya, Maxim Averin, Ksenia Alferova,, Nonna Grishaeva and others.
Most of the flash mob participants publicly support the Kremlin's aggressive policies of the.
Vinnik became the only Ukrainian participant in the project.
The singer's press service has previously explained that the artist took part in the project in support of the International Day of Peace, which is celebrated on September 21, and his patriotic stance did not change.
In addition, there was a wave of outrage in the network.
The video itself is called bullying.
How can artists visiting occupied Crimea, supporting Putin's policies that of unleashing war on the in Donbass, where people die almost every day, talk about peace?
Four people convicted for a series of burglaries of dacha robberies in Khabarovsk
In Khabarovsk, the court sentenced four residents of the village of Druzhba, who for two years robbed dachas in the "Cosmos" and "Rainbow" in the area of the Black River region.
This was reported on September 27, the Khabarovsk Krai today. "
The criminal group included previously untried men of 31 and 37 and two brothers of 21 and 24 years old.
It has been established that the mastermind of the crimes is the eldest of the brothers, who in his youth sat in a colony for minors.
Alone, he robbed nine houses, and later connected the others.
The damage from each of the thefts was from three to 21 thousand rubles.
The criminals carried away stoves, refrigerators, curtains, buckets, gas cylinders, chairs, cabinets and a host of other items.
They were detained thanks to a security alarm in the last house.
The defendants were found guilty of theft committed with unlawful entry into the home, causing significant damage to a group of persons by prior conspiracy.
"The brothers were sentenced to 3 years 6 months imprisonment in a penal the colony of the general regime, two other defendants - to 2 years 10 months and 1 year 6 months imprisonment suspended," - quotes the agency quoted senior assistant prosecutor of Khabarovsk region Yulia Vasilieva as saying.
Medvedev: Kokorin continues to workout on individual program
Forward of St. Petersburg "Zenita" Alexander Kokorin continues trainings on the individual program after release on UDO, reports TASS with reference to the general director of the collective Alexander Medvedev.
Last Thursday, September 26, the attacker began training with "Zenit-2."
Photo With Kokorin in his Instagram posted the mentor of the second team blue-and-white-blue Vladislav Radimov.
Earlier, Medvedev said that Kokorin in the autumn will play for Zenit in a friendly match.
In official meetings the forward will be able to prove himself after January 22, 2020, it must register in the nearest transfer window.
Let's remind, on October 8, 2018 Kokorin, his younger brother Kirill, "Krasnodar" Pavel Mamayev and children's trainer Alexander Protasovitsky staged a series of fights in the center of Moscow.
The underwhelming athletes beat three people.
For a long time they were in jail.
In May 2019, the court sentenced them to real prison terms.
The Kokorin brothers were sent behind bars for a for one and a half years, Mamayev and Protasovitsky - for 1 year and 5 months.
In September 2019, the court granted the request of athletes, except Protasovitsky, for parole.
The first fights by rules of Alexander Emelyanenko will take place on November 29.
The first fights of MMA by the rules which Alexander Emelyanenko, will take place in Moscow on November 29 - in an undercard of a boxing duel between Emelyanenko and strongmen Mikhail Koklyayev.
Fights at us lost in staginess, - Emelyanenko told in interview "SE".
There are children, does not want any more.
Therefore I invented a new kind of the mixed single combats - Universal World Fight.
The rules are three different rounds.
MMA is a sport where all martial arts are collected.
The fighter of the mixed style has to be able to do everything - and to work in a rack, and to fight, and in orchestra seats to work.
The first round - only the shock equipment in the rack.
The second round - only wrestling, while time for carrying out reception in orchestra seats is limited to 30 seconds.
The third round - allowed everything.
When will pass the first tournament by the rules which you invented?
November 29.
In the undercard of our fight with Koklyayev.
But it is not yet known how many fights will be.
A veteran and his wife killed in a In the Russian city
A veteran of the Great Patriotic War and his wife were killed in Ryazan.
This was reported on the website of the regional Investigative Committee.
The bodies of a man and a woman born in 1928 and 1930 were found in their apartment.
It is noted that they found signs of violent death.
A criminal case has been.
The investigation verifies various versions, including those related to a self-inflicted motive of murder.
For now, the investigation is ongoing.
On 24 August, it was reported that a man was detained in Kaluga who killed a 92-year-old veteran for drug money.
It is noted that the elderly man was hit at least ten times.
A criminal case was initiated under Part 4 of Article 111 of the Criminal Code ("intentional infliction of grave damage to health, negligent death of the victim by negligence").
Later Telegram-channel Mash reported that the suspect in the murder five years ago stalked the veteran стеклил balcony of.
"KamAZ-Master" will exhibit four crews at Dakar-2020 "・
On Friday, September 27 in Naberezhnye Chelny held a press conference "KamAZ-Master", at which the head of the team Vladimir Chagin named the riders who will take part in the rally-raid "Dakar-2020".
The Russian team at the rally marathon will be presented by four crews who will perform on trucks KamAZ-43509: the current champion "Dakar" Eduard Nikolaev, the winner of the rally "Silk Road-2019" Anton Shibalov, as well as Andrey Karginov and Dmitry Sotnikov.
Currently, the process of preparing the team for the rally "Dakar-2020" has entered the final stage.
According to the press service of the team.
On December 5, 6 in French Marseille will pass primary technical checks and loading on the ferry to send the equipment of the race participants to the Arabian Peninsula.
Let's remind that, starting in 2020, the rally-marathon "Dakar" changes the dislocation.
After 10 years on the routes of South America, the race organizers signed a five-year contract with Saudi Arabia.
The 42nd Dakar starts on January 5 from the Red Sea coast from Jeddah.
On January 11, the participants will spend a day of rest in the kingdom's capital of the Kingdom of Riyadh, and finally finish of the race is scheduled for January 17 at Kiddia.
Trade with Russia is not just tanks
Trade between Russia and India could double due to the geopolitical situation.
This was announced by Deputy Director of the Confederation of Indian Industry Manish Kumar at the 5th Anniversary Forum of Small and Medium Businesses of the SCO and BRICS regions.
It is important for us to learn from the SCO and BRICS countries, including Russia, "the guest from Delhi said.
- In our confederation, 9,000 direct members and 300,000 partner companies from 130 countries.
All this is small and medium-sized businesses, which cooperates with the countries of the Shanghai Organization.
And we are not standing still, but developing, and all these sanctions against Russia and the geopolitical situation in general only help us all to grow.
Now our bilateral trade exceeds 10 billion US dollars, but these figures can be doubled.
First of all, at the expense of new technologies in the field of health care, artificial intelligence and robotics.
Our trade is not just about tanks and heavy industry.
According to Manish Kumar, India has already established the first contacts with modern centers of Russia.
For example, a delegation from New Delhi and other cities recently visited Skolkovo and Innopolis.
We have signed a memorandum on creating systems in which you can build your modern business.
After all, entrepreneurship is not a whim, but a necessity.
We need a step towards economic well-being.
We need to expand, attract small and medium-sized businesses, and together with Russia, China and other countries we will certainly do it, "- said the Indian industrialist.
We remind that Ufa hosts the Forum of Small and Medium Businesses of the SCO and BRICS regions for the fifth time in a row.
From September 25 to 27 in the forum was attended by more than 2,800 people from Russia and 31 other countries of the world.
As part of the working trip to Tobolsk, Governor of the Tyumen region Alexander Moor took part in the solemn opening of the Sokolovsky water intake after reconstruction.
Now its performance is 25 thousand cubic meters per day.
The of the water intake took place within the framework of the federal project "Clean Water" under the national project "Ecology".
The authorities were helped by investors: Sokolovsky water intake was another example of the use of private-public partnership.
The Tyumen region has a unique experience of cooperation in this sphere of federal structures, regional authorities, local administration and private investor.
New artesian wells have appeared at the site.
Pumping stations were built above them.
The water purification and decontamination facilities were reconstructed.
As a result, Sokolovsky water intake will provide high-quality drinking water.
In the plans of a ringing of Sokolovsky and Zhukovsky water intakes.
Then Tobolsk will be able to switch to underground water sources.
Water treatment plants to be expanded in Wagai
In Congress, Trump's conversation with Zelensky saw a "Russian footprint"
In the lower house of the U.S. Congress, the Russian Federation was accused of involvement in the scandal caused by a telephone conversation between the White House chief of Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky.
The suggestion that the story may somehow stand by "Russians," said Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi, reports MSNBC News reported.
"The hand to this, I believe, was attached by Russia," the Democrat said, but did not comment further.
The Pelosi-led Democrats, who hold a majority in the House, have previously announced the launch of impeachment proceedings against the president.
It came after an intelligence whistleblower complained about Trump.
The informant suspected that in a conversation with Zelensky in July, Trump pressured his interlocutor to let Ukraine to be Trump's election rival in a case against the son of former Vice President Joseph Biden, with the latter could become a year.
The White House had to provide congressmen and the public with a transcript of the scandalous conversation.
Norilsk Nickel will send on dividends 139.8 billion rubles in the first half of the year
Norilsk Nickel will send 139.88 billion rubles (about $2.1 billion) on dividends for the first half of 2019.
The decision was made at an extraordinary meeting of shareholders.
The payment per share will amount to RUB 883.93.
"The shareholders approved on October 7, 2019 the date on which the persons entitled to receive dividends are defined," the press service of the company said in a.
According to the data of the Moscow Exchange at 18: 03, the value of one share of Norilsk Nickel increased by 1.04% - to 16.5 thousand rubles.
Wang Yi met with UN Secretary General A. Guterres
Member of the State Council, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi on Thursday met with UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres at the UN headquarters in New York.
As A. Gutterish said at the meeting, China plays a crucial role in the creation of a multipolar world.
The UN is grateful to the Chinese government for its strong support and fruitful cooperation, and also appreciates China's important contribution to the international fight against poverty, countering climate change and the creation of a green belt and.
He wants to deepen cooperation with China in the area of security and peace and sustainable development, and also expects China to continue to play a leading role in combating climate change and other areas.
Wang Yi, in turn, noted that multipolarity is an inevitable trend, and every country has the right to development.
The realization of multipolarity is impossible without multilateralism, which is symbolized by the basic purposes and principles established in the UN Charter of the United Nations.
According to the minister, China supports a more active role of the UN, supports the work of the secretary general of the world organization and strictly adheres to the basic ideas and principles of the UN Charter.
Next year will mark the 75th anniversary of the founding of the United Nations, and the Chinese side intends to use this opportunity to strengthen cooperation with the world organization in order to jointly create a beautiful future for the world.
Philippine President Duterte will arrive in Russia for five days
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will arrive in Russia in October, TASS reported citing Philippine to the representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines Amelita Aquino.
It is clarified that Duterte will arrive in Russia on October 1.
His visit to Russia will last until October 5.
Aquino said that the President of the Philippines goes to Russia at the invitation of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
Duterte will participate in the meeting of the Valdai Club in Sochi.
The Philippine leader will also visit Moscow.
In the capital, Duterte will take part in a Russian-Philippine business forum and deliver a lecture at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO).
According to Aquino, the main event of the trip will be the meeting of the two presidents.
It is expected that the leaders will discuss the state of bilateral relations and how the countries can further expand cooperation in various areas.
It is noted that the meeting of the Philippine leader with the Russian will be the fourth.
For the first time, the presidents met in 2016 at the APEC summit in Peru.
In May 2017, the head of the Philippines visited the Russian Federation, and another meeting of the leaders'meeting took place in November 2017 on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Vietnam.
Earlier, it was reported that Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte allowed citizens to shoot at the-.
Ilon Musk responded in Russian to an unusual invitation "to come to Krasnodar on a business forum
Tesla and SpaceX founder Ilon Musk responded to an invitation from the organizers of the Krasnodar business forum to attend the event.
The billionaire wrote a comment under one of the posted photos with an "invitation billboard" at his company's office.
Earlier, one of the organizers of the "Case for Small" forum posted a billboard in the Californian city of Hawthorne with the caption "Kak tebe takoe?" and on the other hand posted the website welcomeelon.com.
Also there is a special QR code, which will help you to go to the forum site and get acquainted with all the information.
"The language is well suspended," - the inventor wrote in Russian in response to the invitation, teleprogramma.pro reports.
It is not yet known what exactly Musk meant by his response, but many Russians, including the forum's speakers, hope for the billionaire's speech.
And in the, in the program "Evening Urgant" has already presented in what outfit the billionaire in Krasnodar could appear.
The businessman was dressed in a Cossack outfit and suggested that on Kuban Musk present: electric checker, an electric shoulder and electric saddle for the horse.
Famous land art artist created a portrait of Greta Tunberg
Sooner or later it had to happen.
The image of Greta Thunberg immortalized by a tractor on the field.
The portrait of the activist was created by the famous Land Art artist Dario Gambarin.
A 16-year-old schoolgirl from Sweden, who suffers from Asperger's syndrome, became famous after speaking at a speech at the UN Assembly.
The activist accused all adults of stealing childhood and dreams from the younger generation, polluting the planet and depriving the future on the pretext of economic development.
Greta is nominated for an alternative Nobel Peace Prize, she can become the youngest of her possessors, and the media repeatedly called the schoolgirl the most influential teenager in the world.
The U.S. Congress has agreed to sell Poland fighters F-35 fighter jets
Warsaw also plans to get F-135 engines and related equipment
The United States Congress has approved the sale of 32 fifth-generation F-35 fighter bombers to the Polish side.
This was reported by the Minister of National Defense of the Republic Mariusz Blaszczak.
According to his data, Warsaw will receive not only airplanes, but also 33 turboprop twin-circuit engines F-135 development Pratt & Whitney, as well as accompanying equipment.
The starting value of the contract is $6.5 billion dollars.
"This is one of the last steps before the conclusion of the contract, but it is not the end of our work.
We will do our best to get the best price as possible, "Blaszczak wrote on his Twitter page.
The site kp.ru wrote that the American F-35 will have to replace the Soviet-made MiG-29 and Su-22 in Poland.
It is expected that the bilateral deal will improve security of the republic.
The Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation has published a video of the launch of a supersonic Onyx missile "Onyx" in Chukotka
The Pacific Fleet's Bastion Coastal Complex launched a supersonic Onyx cruise missile for the first time.
The video of the launch was published by the Russian Defense Ministry on Twitter.
According to the TV channel "Zvezda, the flight of the missile took place in normal mode.
The missile successfully struck the target, which was located in the waters of the Chukchi Sea at a distance of more than 200 km.
The security of the maneuvers was provided by about 10 warships, as well as naval aircraft.
The technician and soldiers were brought to the site of the exercises on a landing ship.
Shooting at a sea target more than 200 kilometres away, has completed the calculation
Rospotrebnadzor strongly opposes the return of smokers to airports
Rospotrebnadzor strongly opposes the return of smokers to airports.
"Neither ventilation nor filters, even taken together, can reduce exposure to tobacco smoke to levels that are considered acceptable," the report noted.
"Izvestia" on Friday reported that the Ministry of Health for to the second reading of the bill developed amendments, according to which it is proposed to equip two smoking on the airport.
The expert told why it's worth giving up tea in tea bags
A team of scientists from Canada, representing McGill University, found that when brewing tea bag is, in a cup in five minutes gets more than ten billion microplastic particles enter the.
The packaged drink can also add sawdust particles, said Nation News food safety expert Elizabeth Tikhonova.
According to the agronomist, the consumer can't get reliable information about the composition of the packaged tea - the manufacturer can add ingredients that will not be indicated on the package.
The sawdust at the end of the season doesn't eject, so they can end up in tea.
"Moreover, tea plants are not always included in the packets," Tikhonova said.
According to her, it is better to refuse the use of such a drink in favor of tea on weight, which is sold in specialized shops.
In addition, she stressed that the danger of packaged tea lies not only in the composition, but also in the method of its production - microparticles are heated to high temperatures, so they can start to release harmful substances.
"It's best way to buy pure green or black tea - there will be the least additives in such a drink," the expert pointed out.
The development of the Arctic will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk
The problems of Arctic development will be discussed at the international conference in Norilsk.
The forum was organized by the Norilsk Development Agency and the Taimyr Research Club, according to "Krasnoyarsk".
The reports were brought by scientists from Russian cities - Moscow, St. Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Salekhard, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk, Dudinka.
Foreign visitors came from Holland and Canada.
One of the central themes of the forum is how to develop the urban environment in the Arctic environment and at the same time not harm nature.
Guests of the forum will also be able to visit interactive platforms at the Norilsk State Industrial Institute.
And in the cinema "Homeland" is waiting for movie lovers - there will be screenings of popular science films about the Arctic region.
At creative meetings, travelers and scientists will talk about their experience of with the Arctic.
The forum will last three days.
The festival of Nordic walking will be held in Ulyanovsk
Residents of the Ulyanovsk region will take part in the festival of the northern walking.
The mass start will take place at Coastal Park in the park. "
The participants of the festival will be teams from different cities and districts of the Ulyanovsk region, which won in municipal stages.
They are mostly residents of the region over 50 years old.
The project is designed to attract the older generation to active pastime, reports 1ul.ru.
The city stage of the festival took place on September 7 in six parks.
The participants had to overcome a northern walking distance of 3 km.
The winner was determined by the sum of years of participants in the team.
The regional festival will take place on September 28.
Regions offered to share secrets of business support
As it became known to the "Parliamentary newspaper", on September 27, Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy Andrey Kutepov sent a letter to the Minister of Economic Development Maxim Oreshkin and Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov with a proposal to express a position on initiatives of the Federation entities to improve legislation in the support of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
It is time to establish interregional links
The Committee of the Federation Council for Economic Policy summarized the information received from the regions on the programs of business development and legalization of the self-employed, as well as the results of such programs.
In their letters, the regions told senators about the problems of SME development and sent proposals to improve the existing legislation.
"To date, communication between the regions has not been sufficiently established, as a result of which the business community in all regions of the visit of senators was marked by the lack of information on regional programs for the development of entrepreneurship in general in the country," said Andrei Kutepov.
In the annex to the letter, which was sent to the Government, he presented a set of positive developments of the regions on the legalization of self-employment and combined data from the regions with proposals and issues (available in the edition).
In addition to the relevant ministries, consolidated data from the regions are also sent to the heads of regional executive bodies.
The exchange of information on positive practices in the regions could give impetus to the development of entrepreneurship in general.
The first step to such an exchange will be to send the information available to the Committee on Economic Policy, "the senator told the parliamentary newspaper.
Useful experience
Today, in many regions of the country have adopted and successfully operate programs to support small and medium-sized businesses.
For example, in the Vologda region there is a Center for Entrepreneurship Support, which, in addition to financial support measures, assists businessmen in the certification of finished products.
In Ivanovo region, a business support system has been developed, providing for the implementation of the principle of one window through multifunctional centers.
In Krasnodar Krai, start-up agricultural consumer cooperatives provide grants at the expense of the regional budget.
The center of cluster development operates in the Orlov region.
The Amur region within the framework of the federal project "Acceleration of small and medium-sized businesses" provides for the possibility of subsidizing business incubators created on the basis of existing non-state co-working centers, at the expense of the federal budget.
And in a number of other regions special support measures for youth entrepreneurship are being taken.
The self-employed continue to emerge from the shadows
According to the regional authorities, in order to better support small and medium-sized businesses, it is necessary to make a number of changes to the existing legislation.
For example, the Arkhangelsk region proposed replacing the term "self-employment" with "business activity," as this "is the most consistent with the content of the public service to promote self-employment of unemployed citizens."
In Ivanovo region we consider it necessary to make amendments to expand the for the expansion of the list of activities provided by self-employed citizens, including the activities on finishing and repair of residential premises, cottage constructions, physical training.
Bryansk Oblast considers it important to strengthen control over unscrupulous dairy producers with the help of the veterinary system "Mercury".
And in Kostroma and Magadan regions they advocate the consolidation of the concept of "social entrepreneurship" and the directions of support for social entrepreneurship.
All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state programs to support small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills.
"All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state programs to support small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important ones will be developed in the form of specific bills," Andrei Kutepov assured.
The airline helped passengers avoid the neighborhood with crying children
Japan Airlines (JAL) has launched a new feature: when booking seats on the plane, you can now find out where the young children will be sitting.
Now, if you want to have a neighborhood with them can be avoided.
Passengers Japanese airline Japan Airlines (JAL) passengers have been given an opportunity to take advantage of the new option and avoid unwanted neighborhood with small children.
The aircraft carrier has launched a feature that allows you to track where children will sit.
When choosing seats in the cabin during the booking of tickets, passengers will be able to see an image of the child's head on the ground, which are occupied by children aged from eight days to two years.
Thus, those who do not want to fly near the kids because of possible inconvenience associated with their crying, can settle as far away as possible from them.
Internet users who use the services of the airline, came to the delight of innovations.
Some of them thanked the carrier, noting that other airlines should do the same.
One of the users complained that he had flown from New York to Doha a few weeks ago, and that three crying children sitting next door to him.
Another commentator suggested introducing "adult-only flights," expressing a willingness to pay for such a flight.
Many tourists noted that they will now try to always choose Japan Airlines for their movements, as they see nothing pleasant about flying next to a crying child in a closed space.
Earlier, a woman travelling with a baby had tried to appease her companions during the flight Seoul - San Francisco.
She prepared a bag of sweets for each of the 200 passengers, each with a note of apology.
In the capital metro there was a train Oleg Tabakov?
If you are constantly using the Kaluga-Riga line (and is the most Konkov residents do), you will be surprised.
The new theme train "The Great Russian Artist Oleg Tabakov" was launched in the underground.
Every day this nominal structure carries 10 thousand people.
He runs just along the orange line and talks about the director, actor and founder of the theater "Tabakerka Theatre."
By the way, from Konkov it is convenient to go to performances that play on the new stage of the theater (it is located on Malaya Sukharevskaya Square, near the metro "Sukharevskaya").
As explained to us in the press service of the Moscow Metro, "the external design of the thematic train used images of fragments of stained glass of the new scene and placed portraits of Oleg Tabakov in iconic images created by him in theater, and animation".
The train tells the story of his family, a performance of "The Matrosian Silence," from which the great life of the theater began, about the director's, of directorial work.
On the walls of the cars you can see rare archival photos and from the film.
Russian gays with adopted children sought asylum in the United States US
The same-sex couple of Russians with two adopted children sought asylum in the United States, RIA Novosti reported. "
The men reportedly left the Russian Federation for Ukraine, then went to the States where they applied for asylum.
According to the group's statement, the family's rationale for such actions was "the continuing interest of law enforcement."
The men do not plan to return to Russia.
Children have been in American school since the beginning of the school year and are adapting to the new conditions.
We remind that earlier it was reported about initiation of a case against employees of the social protection department of the population of the Marino district because of the adoption by the same-sex family of two small boys.
At the same time, the HRC stated that the education of children by a same-sex couple should not in itself become an occasion to initiation of a case.
The press conference of the project "SESON STICHOV Third Stage" Izvestia "will be held in the press-center of the Mets" Izvestia "will be held in the press-center of the MIC. Poetry"
On October 3, at 11: 00, the press center of Izvestia MIC will be an announcement press conference: The start of the project "SEZON STICHOV: The Third Stage. Poetry" at M. Gorky Moscow Art Theater.
Eduard Boyakov, artistic director of M. Gorky Moscow Art Theater, director of the project.
Ivan Kupreyanov, poet, producer of the project.
Dmitri Vodennikov, a poet.
Irina Lindt, theater and film actress.
Alexei Shmelev, poet.
In the new season, the third scene of M. Gorky Moscow Art Theater will become the territory of total poetry.
Within the framework of the extensive program will be shown performances based on poems of the main poets of our time.
The project team will create for the audience a unique poetic world of poetry, music and multimedia images.
The artistic director of the Moscow Art Theater Eduard Boyakov and curator of the project, poet and producer Ivan Kupreyanov will present the first and only theatrical anthology of modern graceful verbality - the project "SEZON STICHOV: Third Stage. Poetry".
The season opens on October 5 at 19: 00 p.m. on the third stage of the Moscow Art Theater named after M. Gorky with a performance of the poet-legend, each performance of which becomes a significant event for the connoisseurs of graceful verbality, Dmitry Vodennikov.
The performances will take place in October and November.
Each performance is its own author, curator and actor.
The performances will be attended by the artists of the Moscow Art Theater and guest stars: Irina Lindt, Agnia Kuznetsova, Olga Kabo, Alice Grebenshchikova.
The musical concept of the project is Sergey Letov.
The curators in the performances will be: Pavel Kryuchkov, Maria Golovanivskaya, Eduard Boyakov, Ivan Kupreyanov, etc.
The project is being implemented with the support of the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation.
Pavel Ustinov joined pickets in support of the defendants in the case ","
Actor Pavel Ustinov joined the series of single pickets "Freedom to All," which take place on Friday at the Russian presidential administration building in the Old Square in Moscow, reports the correspondent of Interfax.
A series of pickets began on September 18 in support of Ustinov himself and has continued every day ever since.
At present, the participants of the action, replacing each other, stand holding a poster with the inscription "Freedom to all" and the names of the convicted and arrested after the uncoordinated rallies in Moscow in the summer of 2019.
In addition to Ustinov, on the poster the names of Egor Zhukov, Kirill Zhukov, Danil Beglets, Evgeny Kovalenko, Konstantin Kotov, Ivan Podkopaev, Aidar Gubaidulin, Alexei Minyaylo, Sergey Fomin, Samariddin Rajabov, Nikita Chirtsov, Eduard Malyshevsky, Vladislav Sinitsa.
The Tver court of Moscow on September 16 sentenced 24-year-old Ustinov to 3.5 years in a penal colony of the general regime on charges of using violence against a fighter of riot police of Rosgvardiya at an uncoordinated action on August 3 in the in the center of Moscow (Part 2 of Article 318 of the Criminal Code)..
After that, on September 20, at the request of the Prosecutor General's Office, the court changed Ustinov's measure of restraint from detention on to a subscription of non-departure.
Thus, the petition for the release of Ustinov gained more than 112 thousand signatures per day.
The of theater and cinema started flash mob in support of a colleague.
To participate in a single picket in solidarity with the actor on September 18 A queue lined up at the Old Square to.
Human rights defenders, journalists, scientists, teachers, doctors, Orthodox priests demanded a review of the case.
As Ustinov told Interfax sister Julia, at a rally on September 29 in the capital in support of the figures of the defendants in the case of her brother does not plan to speak.
"Authorizations" to Russia fell 100 times
The Russian government estimated that the supply of agricultural products and food to Russia from countries under the Russian food embargo has decreased more than 100 times since 2013.
According to a report sent to Russian President Vladimir Putin, 31 thousand tons of products were imported from the sanctions countries in the first half of 2019 against 3 million 442.2 thousand tons in the same period of 2013, Interfax reported.
At the same time, the value of imported products decreased to $226.5 million from $4 billion 975.5 million, respectively.
This includes supplies that have not been embargoed.
As indicated in the report, the volumes of prohibited for import products were offset by an increase in imports from CIS countries, Africa, South-East Asia and Serbia.
Recall that at the end of August the government extended until December 31, 2020 the validity of the rules of destruction of agricultural products, raw materials and food, which are prohibited for import to Russia under the counter-sanctions.
The document, posted on the official legal information, noted that the rules had been extended for another year, from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020.
Initially, the sanctioned destruction order applied to products from the US, the EU, Australia, Norway and Canada.
Later, from August 13, 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland, Liechtenstein joined the list, from January 1, 2016 - Ukraine.
Putin's signed decree on the destruction of the country's illegally imported "sanctions" (products caught under the food embargo that Moscow imposed in response to anti-Russian Western sanctions) came into effect in 2015.
In turn, the government allowed the destruction of "sanctioned" food by any legal means.
As Western sanctions persisted, Russia also extended its retaliatory measures.
At the same time, this measure does not apply to products that citizens import for personal use.
The ban does not apply to the import of goods for personal consumption, weighing up to 5 kilograms.
However, the head of the Council under the President of the Russian Federation for the development of civil society and human rights Mikhail Fedotov previously called "simply immoral" destruction of food, and this, he said, has a negative impact on the education of people.
Moreover, in early June Rospotrebnadzor launched an initiative to ban the destruction of food products suitable for use.
After that, a similar recommendation was made to the Government by the Presidential Human Rights Council attached to the President of the Russian Federation.
And Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation Alexey Gordeev said that to destroy food is wrong, and it is necessary to consider how to use them for their intended purpose, assessing the quality.
The firm found guilty of tax evasion
By the verdict of Leninsky District Court of Cheboksary, the director of OOO "Land and Law" Vyacheslav Morozov was found guilty of committing crimes under Part 2 of Article 199 of the Criminal Code (tax evasion from the organization by including in the tax declaration knowingly false information committed in a particularly large amount) and Part 2 of Article 327 of the Criminal Code (fake official document granting rights and exempting from duties, for the purpose of its use, committed with the purpose of concealing another crime and facilitating its commission).
This is reported by the press service of the Investigative Department of the SKR on Chuvashia.
From January 2008 to December 2009 Vyacheslav Morozov contributed to the documents of tax accounting of LLC information about imperfect transactions.
According to the fictitious documents, the company incurred additional costs, and, therefore, reduced the amount of taxes payable on value added and on the profit of the organization 11.2 million rubles.
Vyacheslav Morozov sentenced to 3.5 years imprisonment.
The first school of the new format will open in the centre of the capital by 2023
The new school will be opened in the first four albums became No. 1 singles.
According to the head of Moskomstroyinvest Anastasia Pyatova, there will create all conditions for self-realization and development of talents of children.
The educational institution decided to call the "New Look."
This project will be supervised by the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia and the Foundation "Economic Development of Higher School."
The design of the building with an area of about 10 thousand "is planned to begin next year.
The construction will be completed at the end of 2022, and the next will begin to the first pupils.
"The project envisages the creation of a public, non-profit educational space, which will be based on the traditions of the classical Moscow school and experimental techniques," the press service of Moskomstroyinvest noted.
In Chile begins to build a telescope worth 1 billion euros
This is reported by TASS referring to the press service of the European Southern Observatory (ESO).
According to ESO, this week, so the construction of the dome of the building where the E-ELT telescope (European Extremely Large Telescope - European Super Large Telescope) will be located, has officially begun, while the most expensive and ambitious ground-based astronomical project.
Its total cost, the ESO, will exceed a billion euros.
Most of that money will be spent on making equipment and building the observatory building.
The telescope's most expensive and complex component is its record-breaking large mirror, whose diameter will be about 39 metres.
It will be assembled from 798 hexagonal segments measuring 1.4 meters.
This huge mirror, as well as two auxiliary reflective surfaces with a diameter of 4.2 and 3.75 meters, will help E-ELT get the first detailed photos of planets outside the solar system, stars in other galaxies, as well as looking for Earth's doubles.
In addition, scientists will try to use this observatory to observe the surroundings of Sgr A *, the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way.
Despite the fact that the construction of the dome has just begun, the mirrors, scientific instruments and other components of the observatory scientists, engineers and other specialists have been developing for three years - since the first plans for the construction of the E-ELT were announced.
The contract for the production of the main mirror, whose combined value was about 400 million euros, was awarded to the German firm SCHOTT and French company Safran Reosc.
