In the Central African Republic, three people died in the crash of a UN helicopter
Three people were killed and another was injured in a crash of a Senegal Armed Forces helicopter operating under the leadership of the UN peacekeeping mission in the city of Boir in the west of the Central African Republic.
This was reported on Friday by the portal DakarActu with reference to the Senegalese army.
The head of the mission, Mankeur Ndiaye, confirmed the information about the crash, noting that the helicopter crashed at the time of landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter was returning after an operation to combat armed groups.
The Senegalese army said it was in contact with the UN on the evacuation of the victim and the bodies of the dead.
The coordinator of the Arkhangelsk headquarters of Navalny was sentenced to community service
The Oktyabrsky District Court of Arkhangelsk announced the verdict to Andrei Borovikov, coordinator of the regional headquarters of Alexei Navalny.
For repeated violation of the rules of rallies (Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code, the so-called Dada article), the court assigned him 400 hours of compulsory work, a Kommersant correspondent reports from the courtroom.
The case was initiated in April this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a landfill in the Arkhangelsk region.
The first in art. 212.1 of the Criminal Code in 2015, activist Ildar Dadin was sentenced to three years in prison.
On the eve of the pronouncement of the verdict, September 26, the court held a debate between the parties.
The prosecution insisted on forced labor for a period of three years.
A measure of restraint in the form of a restriction of freedom was chosen against me, which consists in the fact that I can’t attend public events and can’t communicate with the organizers of the protest rally on April 7th.
"All this time I wore an electronic bracelet and base.
So they tracked my whereabouts.
I note that I was not limited in movement.
He recently flew from Moscow, where he studied, "said Andrei Borovikov.
After the verdict was announced, the coordinator of the regional headquarters of Navalny announced that he would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26, deputy from the Communist Party faction Sergei Shargunov introduced a bill to the State Duma that mitigates Art. 212.1 of the Criminal Code.
Representatives of the Communist Party, the Liberal Democratic Party and the Slovak Republic told Kommersant about their intention to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: “Everyone in Rubin needs to think about the reasons for unsuccessful matches.”
Midfielder “Rubin” Pavel Mogilevets spoke about the reasons for the unsuccessful game of the team.
Kazan in the Russian championship suffered four defeats in a row, and also flew out of the Cup.
We tune in to every game, - Izvestia quoted Mogilev as saying.
Therefore, each of us needs to think about the reasons for such unsuccessful matches.
Meetings are still ahead - we must prepare for them and correct the situation.
How?
If we knew, then we probably would have fixed it.
But first of all, it seems to me, we need to add in such a component as martial arts.
In my opinion, we have problems with this.
The Kremlin supports the ban on smoking on the balconies of residential buildings
The Kremlin supports any measures that will save lives, said presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov, commenting on the ban on smoking on balconies and loggias of apartments.
Earlier, the Cabinet approved amendments to the Rules of the fire regime, according to which it is forbidden to use open fire on balconies and rooms of residential buildings.
Later, the Ministry of Emergencies of Russia reported that this included, inter alia, a ban on smoking on balconies and loggias of apartments and hotels.
The changes will enter into force on October 1, 2019.
For violation, administrative liability is provided.
The Kremlin has a positive attitude to any decisions that help save lives.
“We know how many fires occur, many of them have very tragic consequences and public outcry.
Therefore, any saved life justifies such decisions, "said Peskov.
First of all, the spokeswoman assesses this as a fire measure, not a way to protect neighbors from tobacco smoke.
Peskov also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome smoking and is a supporter of a healthy lifestyle.
Gattuso is looking for work in one of the Russian clubs
Italian football coach Gennaro Gattuso arrived in Russia to search for a new club.
According to the Championship, a 41-year-old specialist flew to Moscow to study the opportunity to find work in some Russian club.
Gattuso's previous job was Milan, which he headed from 2017 to 2018, and who, under his leadership, took fifth place in the Italian Serie A standings and failed to enter the Champions League.
As a trainer, he also worked in the Swiss “Sion”, the Greek “OFI”, as well as the Italian “Palermo” and “Pisa”.
Earlier it was reported that the negotiations of Pavel Mamaev with Dynamo are in jeopardy.
Ex-coach of “Milan” arrived in Moscow to lead the Russian club
Former Italian national team player and former Milan head coach Gennaro Gattuso flew to Moscow to head the Russian club.
Gattuso is the 2006 world champion in the Italian national team.
At the club level, he was known for playing for Milan, with whom he twice won the UEFA Champions League in 2003 and 2007.
The Italian began his coaching career in Sion.
Over the past two seasons, Gennaro led the Rossoneri.
Earlier it was reported that the football player of the capital CSKA Konstantin Kuchaev spoke out against the introduction of VAR.
The National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine has resigned
Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council (NSDC) of Ukraine Oleksandr Danylyuk wrote a letter of resignation, the office of the president of the country said.
This was done before the start of the working visit of Vladimir Zelensky to the United States to participate in the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
“The president will consider it upon his return to Kiev,” said Mr Zelensky in the office.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree appointing the former Minister of Finance Alexander Danilyuk Secretary of the NSDC in late May.
In this post, Mr. Danilyuk was succeeded by Alexander Turchinov, who resigned due to the change of president.
Palkina is the ninth in the World Cup qualification.
Russian Sofya Palkina took ninth place in the qualifying hammer throw in Group A at the World Championships in Doha.
Her result is 68.53 meters.
In the final, four athletes will perform, breaking the milestone of 72 meters.
These are Polish Yoanna Fedorov (73.39 m), Ukrainian Irina Klimets (72.93), Frenchwoman Alexandra Tavernier (72.91) and Belarusian Anna Malyshik (72.59 m).
In the final, 12 best athletes from two groups will perform.
Palkina’s participation in the fight for medals will be known after the performance of athletes from group B.
Kvyata's car failed during the first practice in Sochi
Russian pilot Toro Rosso Daniil Kvyat had to prematurely complete his first free practice of the Russian Grand Prix of Formula 1.
The car of the Russian citizen lost power and the driver was unable to get to the boxes.
Quat parked the car in one of the security zones.
Before flying out of the race, the pilot of “Toro Rosso” was in fifth place.
The second free practice is expected to take place today, September 27, at 15:00 Moscow time at the Sochi Autodrom.
It was previously reported that Quat shared his expectations from the Sochi Grand Prix.
China strongly opposes US adoption of Taipei Bill
China strongly opposes the adoption of the so-called "Taipei Bill" by the United States, which seriously violates the principle of China alone and the principles of the three Sino-US joint communiqués.
This was stated on Friday by the official representative of the Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China for Taiwan Affairs Ma Xiaoguang.
The approval by the US Senate Committee on Foreign Relations of this bill is also a serious violation of international law and the basic principles of international relations and a gross interference in the internal affairs of China, said Ma Xiaoguang.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues relate to the internal affairs of China.
"We urge the US side to clarify the situation, immediately stop promoting the relevant negative bills, and immediately stop interfering in the Taiwan issue in order to avoid further damage to Sino-US relations, as well as peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," he said.
China must and will be reunited.
This historical trend cannot be stopped by anyone or any force, emphasized Ma Xiaoguang.
TikTok hides objectionable videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under the age of 18
Imagine China / Reuters
TikTok's Chinese social network censors videos that mention Tiananmen Square, Tibetan independence, or a banned Falun Gong religious group, The Guardian said.
The documents that came to the publication, said that the owner of TikTok (ByteDance company) using the application promotes the goals of China's foreign policy abroad.
The bulk of China’s policy violations fall under "hate speech."
In each case, TikTok places unwanted publications in a context suitable for general rules so that the actions of the social network do not look like censorship.
For example, a ban on criticizing China’s socialist system falls under the general ban on “criticizing or attacking the politics and social rules of any country, such as the constitutional monarchy, parliamentary system, etc.”
The ban on mentioning Tiananmen Square incidents or the genocide in Cambodia falls under the "distortion of the history of China or other countries."
The document also contains a list of the banned names of twenty “foreign leaders or statesmen,” including North Korean leaders Kim Jong Il, Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Un, Indian politician Mahatma Gandhi, US presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Geun-hee, Indonesian President Joko Widodo, and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the document says.
Prohibited material is divided into two categories, the document says.
Publications from the first category are deleted by social network administrators and may lead to user blocking.
Not too severe violations fall into the second category: such publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited to TikTok algorithms.
Representatives of ByteDance told The Guardian that these rules are outdated and no longer apply: "Now we use a localized approach for moderation, and we also involve independent local specialists."
Russian TikTok users have no specific restrictions on publications, says Rustem Bogdanov, co-founder of the "Producer Center".
The Producer Center is one of the Russian media companies that officially collaborates with TikTok.
All production materials of bloggers by the "Producer Center" are coordinated with representatives of the social network, but custom materials can be posted without approval, Bogdanov reports.
When asked whether TikTok could speak out about politics or Putin, Bogdanov answered in the affirmative and said that he had seen such publications.
The founder of Our Didgital agency Roman Zaripov agrees with Bogdanov: "The main rules for TikTok users are listed in the user agreement: you cannot post shocking content, discriminatory statements, and so on."
But under these rules, you can bring any content that the moderators do not like, notes Zaripov.
Zaripov Agency is another Russian partner of TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under the age of 18.
By user agreement, only persons over 13 years old can use TikTok.
Social network administrators check their age using artificial intelligence: a neural network analyzes faces and determines how many years a person looks, says Bogdanov.
If the neural network decides that the user is younger, their account can be deleted, he adds.
According to RBC, in September 2019, ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of WeWork coworking.
Istanbul residents talked about the earthquake in the city
A strong earthquake caused panic in Turkey's largest city
Last Thursday, September 26, in Istanbul, an earthquake of magnitude 5.9 occurred in Istanbul.
34 people were injured, ten of them are still in hospitals.
Istanbul resident Melike admitted that she had a panic attack for the first time in her life.
"I cried so much.
Sobbed right at the workplace.
Later it became easier, I returned to business.
But I’m so ashamed now! ", The girl told 360 TV channel.
"There was a really strong earthquake in Istanbul
I can’t come back so far!
But in general, I'm fine, "said political analyst Ceylan Ozgyul, who shared his impressions.
Project manager Celine noted that the mayor keeps all residents informed, but, according to her, the townspeople still feel small tremors with a magnitude of about 3.2 or 3.5.
She also drew attention to the communication problem immediately after the earthquake.
Chewing girl said that she couldn’t reach her mother, but the Internet worked "perfectly" and she could send a message via WhatsApp.
As the site kp.ru wrote, after the earthquake, all kindergartens and schools were closed, from where all students were evacuated.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of powerful tremors was recorded 68 kilometers west of Istanbul, in the Sea of ​​Marmara.
Matthews met with Toronto executives.
Forward “Toronto” Oston Matthews met with the leadership of the club.
It discussed the case in which Matthews is accused of hooliganism.
Everything went well, - quotes the words of the TSN player.
Of course, I made a mistake.
And I take full responsibility for the actions committed.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And the club and I discussed how to act in this situation.
I believe that nothing has soured in our relations.
In Roszdravnadzor reported on the results of the audit on the fact of amputation of the child’s hand
A child was amputated in Rostov Region due to a mistake by doctors, reports Vzglyad citing the website of the territorial authority of Roszdravnadzor.
An 11-year-old boy broke his arm, after which he was cast in a hospital in the Zernograd district hospital.
After some time, the child developed gangrene, amputation was performed.
As a result of the audit, it turned out that there were violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis, as well as the standard and amount of assistance provided.
Verification materials were transferred to the Investigative Committee of the Investigative Committee of Russia in the region.
Earlier, URA.RU reported that the head doctor of the Yuzhnouralsk city hospital was arrested.
Russians warned of fake calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from fraudsters who replace the bank's phone number has increased.
This was reported by Kommersant with reference to the data of the Central Bank.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator transmitted to telecom operators information about more than 2.5 thousand numbers from which they called customers of various financial organizations.
In 189 cases, operators discovered number spoofing.
Another 218 numbers were blocked, and in 59 cases a restriction was placed on the use of financial services.
The deputy head of the Central Bank’s information security department, Artem Sychev, said that a wide range of Russian banks faced a number change.
He explained that the operators do not always respond to warnings of the Central Bank about fraudulent calls, citing the absence of such a duty in the law "On Communications".
Otkritie Bank, Rosbank and Alfa Bank have confirmed information about the increase in the number of fraudulent calls with a number change.
According to the Beeline press service, some of the information about fraudulent calls transmitted by the Central Bank was incorrect: the lists included numbers that are actually used by banks to communicate with customers.
Their blocking would lead to disruptions in the organization.
Artem Sychev said that the Central Bank plans to create a database of scam numbers, which the telecom operator will contact each time they call to verify the number.
He explained that the creation of such a base would require amendments to the legislation.
US-China Trade Talks Resume October 10 in Washington
A new round of trade talks between the United States and China will take place in Washington on October 10, CNBC reported.
According to his sources, the Chinese delegation will be headed by Vice Premier of the State Council of the PRC Liu He.
Note that the last round of trade negotiations between the United States and China took place in Shanghai in late July, but the parties were unable to make progress.
The new United States and China reciprocal duties went into effect on September 1.
Earlier, US President Donald Trump said that Washington and Beijing could reach a trade agreement earlier than anticipated.
The State Duma will check for violations of the law "Voice of America", "Medusa" and "BBC"
The State Duma’s commission to investigate foreign interference in the internal affairs of Russia will inspect some media outlets for violations of Russian law.
It is reported by Interfax with reference to the head of the commission Vasily Piskarev.
The Commission’s field of vision was Meduza, MBH Media, Voice of America, Present, Radio Liberty, and the Russian BBC Service.
Previously reported planned inspections of Google and Facebook services.
Piskarev also said that he would ask the Foreign Ministry to take a decision on further accreditation of the German Deutsche Welle, in the publications of which the commission found signs of justification for extremism.
In September, Roskomnadzor revealed political advertising on Google, Facebook and Youtube.
According to the agency, this happened during the September 8 Russian elections.
The facts of violations were referred to the State Duma Commission.
Google later said the company supported responsible political advertising.
According to employees, it must comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook noted that advertisers should be responsible for complying with Russian election laws, not the site.
The head of Roskomnadzor Alexander Zharov accused the company of applying double standards in the placement of political advertising.
Stoltenberg discussed with Zelensky the entry of Ukraine into NATO
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky discussed Ukraine’s membership in the alliance on the sidelines of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The secretary general spoke about this during a speech at Columbia University in New York.
Answering the question whether the corresponding topic was raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg said that they really discussed this issue, and also emphasized that in his answer he did not mention the timing of Ukraine’s joining NATO.
According to him, any country that would like to join the North Atlantic Alliance is required to fulfill certain conditions in order to meet specific standards, writes RT.
In Crimea, Zelensky offered an alternative to the course in NATO
Instead of the course of joining NATO, the President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky should start establishing good neighborly relations with Russia.
On Friday, September 27, said the co-chair of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets.
"Pan President of Ukraine does not need to repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but heed to the advice of [US President] Donald Trump, which he listened with a sour face, and to establish relations with the President of Russia," Chegrinets told RIA Novosti.
Chegrinets noted that Zelensky is a good actor for him, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will be able to stay in power only if relations with the Russian Federation are established.
Earlier on September 27, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that he had a conversation with Zelensky on the country's accession to the alliance.
According to him, for this Ukraine is obliged to fulfill certain conditions.
On June 5, parliamentary deputy Yevgeny Balitsky said that the possible entry of Ukraine into the alliance does not guarantee an improvement in life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
Barcelona blackmails Neymar
The Spanish “Barcelona” and its former Brazilian football player Neymar are trying to resolve the financial dispute that arose after the striker moved to the French “Paris Saint-Germain”.
The matter almost reached the court, but the Catalans offered the player to resolve the dispute without the intervention of Themis.
Otherwise, they refuse to return him.
Neymar and his cunning father, who is also an agent of the Brazilian, started an interesting trick: according to the agreement with Barca, which the player signed in 2016, he was supposed to receive 40 million euros.
However, literally a year later the forward ended up at PSG for a record 222 million euros.
However, he received 22 million from the Catalans and now wants to pick up the remaining 18.
Moreover, Brazilian lawyers insist that the club also owes him interest on late payments.
When the claims of Neymar became known in the capital of Catalonia, Barcelona filed a counterclaim.
The Blue Garnet insist that the bonus relied on the fulfillment of the entire contract - from 2016 to 2022.
Accordingly, the club believes that the player was supposed to only a quarter of 40 million euros and demand a refund of the proportional part of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer Neymar and Barca almost agreed on the return of the "prodigal" player to the fold of Catalonia.
True, the deal fell through, but hope for the forward backward transition remains.
And, as Sports.ru reports referring to insiders, the club’s lawyers told the player’s representatives that if the issue of financial claims is not settled out of court, this will exclude the possibility of the Brazilian returning.
Neymar himself wants to return so much that he asked for guarantees that the Catalans would buy him back.
Mart Laar: EKRE members will not be members of the Bank of Estonia Council
EKRE members were not and will not be invited to the council.
According to the composition of the Council of the Bank of Estonia, conclusions are drawn about trust in the Estonian state.
Until such behavior among EKRE members is maintained that at first they say and then think, none of them will be invited to the bank's board.
"The chairman of the board of the Bank of Estonia cannot apologize for the statements of the board members," Laar said in an interview with Delfi, the ERR broadcast portal reports.
At the same time, Laar noted that EKRE was represented at meetings of the Eesti Pank Council.
The current seventh composition of the Board of the Bank of Estonia includes, in addition to Laar, Liina Tynisson, Kaye Kerem, Urmas Varblan, Kalev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (Reform Party), Ann Lystra and Rein Minka.
At the suggestion of Laar, two members of the council should be replaced - Kallo and Tynisson, in their place Laar was proposed by Enna Eesmaa (Center Party) and Ivari Padara (Social Democratic Party).
At the same time, the Reform Party wanted Andres Sutt to join the council instead of Jaanus Tamkivi.
But to this Laar replied that the aim of the Reform Party was to get two seats on the board of the Bank of Estonia - so that in addition to Jaanus Tamkivi, Andres Sutti would also be on the board.
On Tuesday, September 24, the Riigikogu rejected the offer of Laar to appoint new members of the Board of the Bank of Estonia.
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the scandal in Kyrgyzstan with the show Malakhov
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the situation with indignation, which caused the next release of Andrei Malakhov's program "Live" in Kyrgyzstan, RIA Novosti reports.
Earlier, a Russian diplomat was summoned to the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry after the broadcast.
The republic’s Foreign Ministry believes that the presenter made incorrect statements about the situation around the Kyrgyz citizen, Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant in the accident in which the Russian Alexander Marugov died.
Malakhov said a Kyrgyz citizen could fine-tune the accident.
The accident happened on July 8 in Moscow.
Marugov crashed on a motorcycle in a taxi driven by Akbarov.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is responsible for the accident.
Malakhov himself, who was required to apologize by Kyrgyz citizens, said these words were simply personal opinions.
As explained in the Russian diplomatic service, the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry did not call for Russian diplomats - there was a planned working visit during which, among other issues, the TV presenter’s statements were discussed.
"The point of view of Andrei Malakhov is the opinion of the journalist, his personal view of the situation," the Foreign Ministry said, saying that this incident will not affect the interstate relations of the Russian Federation and Kyrgyzstan.
Skaters Artemyev and Nazarychev won the junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb
Russian figure skaters Yulia Artemyeva and Mikhail Nazarychev won gold in the competition of sports pairs at the junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb, writes TASS.
For a short and free program, Artemyev and Nazarychev received 179.83 points.
In second place with a score of 177.58 points was another Russian couple - Diana Mukhametzyanova and Ilya Mironov, the bronze went to the Germans Annike Hoke and Robert Kunkel (156.31 points).
Russian couple Anna Shcheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of the stage in Zagreb reached the final of the Junior Grand Prix.
It will be held in Turin from December 5 to 8.
Later, on September 27, young men in single skating will show the free program.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28th.
On September 21, the Russian figure skater Aleksandra Trusova set new world records in the free program and by the total score in a tournament in Slovakia.
The judges rated her free hire at 163.78 points, and the short program at 74.91 points.
For the 15-year-old athlete, these competitions were the first at the adult level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics made only in Belarus
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics made only in Belarus.
Lukashenko today in Minsk visited one of the local cosmetics manufacturing enterprises.
He said that imported cosmetics is not better than Belarusian, and the advantage of domestic products is that it is made from local raw materials.
“You have to use your own,” the Belarusian leader said.
Alexander Lukashenko announced the need to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the Belarusian leader advised local sugar processors to find new markets for their products.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exports to Russia and not to suffer.
The situation with the export of sugar has worsened due to an excess of product in the sales markets, RBC recalls.
This also applied to Russia, where, due to excess, sugar began to cost 50 kopecks per kilogram less than in Belarus.
In Domodedovo a truck knocked to death a seven-year-old girl at the crossing
The driver was hit by a mother and her child at a pedestrian crossing in Domodedovo, Tatyana Petrova, press service head of the Main Directorate of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia for the Moscow Region, told Interfax.
According to Petrova, the incident occurred on Friday at 08:25 on Gagarin Street.
Mother and daughter were hit by a 1994 Domodedovo resident while driving a gas truck.
As a result of the accident, a seven-year-old child died on the spot, and the woman was hospitalized.
"A criminal case has been instituted against the driver under part 3 of article 264 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (violation of the rules of the road and the operation of vehicles, resulting in the death of a person through negligence)," a representative of the regional police headquarters said.
The sanction of this article provides for a maximum sentence of imprisonment of up to 5 years.
Currently, the offender is detained, Petrova concluded.
The former head of the DPR spoke about his work in Russia
Former acting Dmitry Trapeznikov, head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR), who headed the Elista administration, assessed the condition of the city.
The official said this in a comment to the Telegram channel "Rise".
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic state.
"It is necessary to balance the economy, it is necessary to make an economic hand: here, of course, you need to do both roads and outdoor lighting," he said, adding that one of the tasks is to make a comfortable comfortable city.
Trapeznikov was offered to the post of mayor of Elista by the head of Kalmykia, Batu Hasikov.
Former acting The head of the DPR admitted that he had known the head of the region for a long time.
In particular, he repeatedly came to the republic, where he worked with youth and held sporting events.
"And so he turned to me, invited me to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then offered to head the city," the official added.
Separately, Trapeznikov commented on the information of a source belonging to Grigory Berezkin, RBC, who said that the presidential aide, Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication, had long been friends with Khasikov, proposed his candidacy to the head of Kalmykia.
"You never know what they write.
And at the level of various fictional stories it happens.
I think you should not pay attention, "he added.
The mayor of Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and a DNR passport.
September 26, he led the administration of Elista.
Putin and Security Council discuss security without INF Treaty
The meeting also discussed the settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee.
Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed with the Security Council of the Russian Federation security issues after the termination of the Treaty on intermediate and shorter-range missiles, including taking into account the proposal to a number of NATO member countries to introduce a moratorium on the deployment of INF missiles.
This was announced by spokesman for the Russian leader Dmitry Peskov.
The Kremlin representative noted that the meeting discussed current issues of the country's socio-economic development, as well as further prospects for a settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Federation Council Chairman Valentina Matvienko, Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev, FSB Director Alexander Bortnikov, Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergey Naryshkin.
As the site kp.ru wrote, on September 25, the Russian leader sent a proposal to some member countries of the North Atlantic Alliance to introduce a moratorium on the deployment of medium and shorter-range missiles in Europe.
However, Secretary-General of the Alliance Jens Stoltenberg called Putin's proposal unrealistic.
A dump truck demolished an overpass on a highway under construction in Crimea
A dump truck with a raised body knocked down two beams of the underpass under construction on the Tavrida highway in the Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cab and thereby saved his life.
The incident occurred on the morning of September 27 in the Bakhchisarai district of the peninsula.
The man driving a heavy car forgot to lower the body, and when he remembered - it was too late to slow down.
The driver jumped out of the cab, and the dump truck crashed into the overpass at speed.
Collapsed beams crushed the cabin and blocked the roadway, on which, however, there is no movement.
The amount of damage has yet to be determined, they plan to collect it from the subcontractor of the construction of the route, whose driver arranged the accident.
Medvedev congratulated educators on their professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated educators and all preschool workers on their professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in a telegram published on the website of the Government.
Medvedev noted that the teacher’s profession is special, requiring great love for his work, wisdom, patience and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you with their child.
And you are doing everything so that the kindergarten becomes the second home for children, where it is cozy, interesting, safe.
“Together with you they learn the world around us, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn independence, the ability to communicate and make friends,” said the Prime Minister.
According to the Prime Minister, thanks to the educator, children develop character and reveal their abilities.
Medvedev is sure that the future of children depends on the educator.
"That is why the development of pre-school education, improving its quality, the construction of modern kindergartens, the material support of employees of pre-school institutions are the priority tasks of state social policy, the national project" Demography "is aimed at solving it," the head of government said.
Rooms in the center of Moscow are rented at the price of an apartment on the outskirts
Despite the reduction in the number of communal apartments in Moscow, demand for them does not fall.
Supply is being pulled up by demand due to room-by-room letting of apartments.
In the center of Moscow, room rental is becoming more expensive than on the outskirts, mainly due to high demand.
At the same time, rooms in the center are rented at the price of apartments on the outskirts.
So, in Khamovniki, the average price for renting a room is 28 thousand rubles, according to a study by the portal “Apartment World”.
For this money, you can remove odnushka near the Moscow Ring Road.
On Arbat, rooms are rented on average for 27.3 thousand rubles, although individual offers can compete with rates not only for one-room, but also for two-room apartments in sleeping areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are rented in Kapotnya - the average price tag for the district amounted to 13.6 thousand rubles.
The second place in terms of cheapness is in the area of ​​Biryulyovo Zapadnoye (13.8 thousand).
Over 14.1 thousand rooms for rent in Vostochny Biryulyovo and Veshnyaki.
The most expensive area beyond the Moscow Ring Road was Solntsevo, where rooms are rented out for almost 16 thousand rubles a month.
Rooms in North and South Butovo and Novo-Peredelkino will cost a little cheaper.
How to increase future retirement and not overwork
Able to pay a pension not only the Pension Fund of the Russian Federation, but also non-state pension funds.
NPFs are private companies, Volgogradskaya Pravda.ru reports.
They work as a contribution: you make contributions, the fund invests them and eventually returns money to you with interest.
If you are interested in this method, then first study the information on non-state pension funds on the Bank of Russia website.
All funds operate according to uniform rules established by federal laws.
Pension points can be bought by law.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of experience you do not have enough to accrue a pension.
This method is suitable for those who worked informally.
In addition, you can make a contribution for your relative, for example, for a housewife wife.
A recommendation for those who are thinking about retirement at the beginning of their career.
Increased pension payments are received by civil servants, doctors, teachers, agricultural workers and people who have worked a certain number of years in the Far North.
In order not to deny yourself anything with the onset of retirement age, take care of this in advance.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, save money on deposits.
Most importantly, constantly improve your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth Chernobyl power unit
A video made in the control room of the fourth power unit at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant appeared on the Internet, the video agency Ruptly was the first to publish it on YouTube.
It is noted that access to the fourth Chernobyl reactor control room was given to a group of 15 media representatives as part of the presentation of the guide to the exclusion zone.
According to the RT Telegram channel, the journalists were there in special protective suits for less than five minutes, since the ruins of the power unit destroyed by the explosion still emit radiation, 40 thousand times higher than normal.
The accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred on the night of April 26, 1986.
12 regions in Ukraine and 23% of the territory of Belarus were exposed to radiation pollution.
In Russia, 19 regions were affected.
Recall that in July this year, Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky signed a decree according to which a green corridor appeared in the Chernobyl zone, open for tourists.
Also in the exclusion zone, a ban on shooting was lifted.
Earlier it was reported that the Chernobyl exclusion zone from the Belarusian side was opened for tourists.
The organizers of the excursions emphasized that less radiation can be received in the zone per day than during an airplane flight.
Tarasov repeated the trick of Ibrahimovic
Former midfielder of Moscow “Locomotive” took part in the challenge, which launched the Swedish striker of the American “Los Angeles Galaxy” Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Tarasov posted the video with the trick on his Instagram.
After that, Tarasov challenged the “railwaymen” midfielders Alexei and Anton Miranchuk, the rap artist T-Killah, as well as bloggers from the 2DROTS YouTube channel.
The Swede posted a video with the hashtag #matrixchallenge, on which he holds the ball on his chest, leaning back and performs hand movements, like the protagonist of the film “Matrix” Neo, who in one scene avoided bullets flying into him.
Ibragimovich suggested repeating the trick to Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba, tennis player Novak Djokovic, Russian UFC champion Khabib Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Rayola, marking them under the note.
Earlier it was reported that the wife of the Ukrainian footballer took part in the Ibrahimovic Challenge.
Trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia may reach $ 6 billion by the end of 2019
With the emerging positive trend, trade between Russia and Slovakia can reach 6 billion rubles by the end of 2019, said Slovak Minister of Economics Peter Giga.
At a meeting of the intergovernmental commission on economic, scientific and technical cooperation between the Russian Federation and Slovakia, the Minister noted an increase in trade between the two countries.
Last year, it amounted to 13 percent, an indicator of 5.5 billion dollars was reached.
In the first half of 2019, states reached $ 3 billion in mutual trade, Gigue said.
According to the head of the Ministry of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov, in order to consolidate this positive trend, it is necessary to increase cooperation in the industrial sector.
Earlier it became known that the parliamentarians of Russia and Slovakia are going to hold joint activities to develop tourism between countries, as well as cooperation in the field of health and education.
TNT decided that rapper Guf is not good enough for the show "The Bachelor"
On the Web, they condemned for several days whether rapper Guf is worthy of being the new “Bachelor”.
He was remembered also by his many betrayals and adventures with escort girls, and even decided that in this way the musician wants to rehabilitate himself for the scandalous clip “Moscow”, which received a record number of dislikes from listeners.
But the entire management of the TNT channel decided at once to stop all the gossip.
Guf will not be a new participant in the show "Bachelor".
An official statement from the press service said that he was considered for this role, but in the end they chose another candidate.
Who could be better than Guf?
Yes, essentially, anyone ...
“Well, at least in some ways the producers were able to figure out if it wasn’t the format for this program,” “They just didn’t type the girls who wanted it for him,” “They will drag the next sugary boy to the screen again,” netizens comment on the news.
Magomed Ismailov: "When I hear such support from the fans, I just become abnormal in the cell."
Russian mixed martial arts fighter (MMA) Magomed Ismailov commented on the victory over Artem Frolov at the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy is just a gun.
He has cannon strikes.
And when I looked into his eyes, I saw desire and character.
This is a real man.
More respect for him.
I wish him good luck in the future.
He is a real man.
When I hear such support from the fans, I just become abnormal in the cell.
It was very hard.
I did my best.
I talked about the show.
Did I promise a show?
Was it a show?
Thanks you.
And to those who said that I was suffocating in the third round ...
Ismailov finished his speech with a victory gesture.
Deutsche Welle may be denied accreditation and recognized as a foreign agent
The State Duma Commission came to the conclusion that the German television and radio company Deutsche Welle violated the law, RIA Novosti reports.
Documents will be sent to the Ministry of Justice for recognition of Deutsche Welle as a foreign agent.
Materials for deprivation of accreditation on the territory of Russia have been transferred to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
Earlier, representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in a meeting of the State Duma commission to investigate the interference of other countries in the internal affairs of Russia.
A massive crash on Facebook hit Europe.
Ukraine also got
The Facebook social network in Europe experienced a massive malfunction.
Recall that before this, the social network "fell" on September 23.
As Downdetector network monitoring resource informs, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, as well as almost the whole of Great Britain are experiencing the most problems with access to social networks.
Large-scale failures are observed on the border of Romania and Bulgaria, in Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Portugal.
Also, Facebook is not available practically throughout Poland, sometimes in Belarus and the Baltic countries.
In Ukraine, judging by the compiled map of failures, Facebook is not available in the Kiev region, and also partially in the Kharkov and Vinnitsa regions.
Note that in early September, Wikipedia users also experienced problems.
Which club will take Pavel Mamaev, released on parole?
Footballer Pavel Mamaev, who was released last week from the colony by parole, will not return to the Krasnodar football club.
The former midfielder of this club in the near future may sign a contract with FC Rostov, the Championship portal reports.
According to the publication, negotiations between representatives of Rostov and Mamaev are now in the final stages.
Presumably, the contract with the 31-year-old footballer will be signed for two years with the possibility of extension for another season.
Sport-Express writes that a day earlier Pavel Mamaev had to undergo a medical examination at Dynamo Moscow, but the check did not take place due to the "uncertain situation in the club."
Krasnodar terminated the contract with Mamaev last week by agreement of the parties.
Midfielder played for the Krasnodar club since 2014.
With the team, he twice won the bronze of the championship of Russia.
Previously, Mamaev played for the Moscow “Torpedo” and CSKA.
From 2009 to 2016, Mamaev played for the Russian team, having spent 15 matches in its composition.
Together with the player of “Zenith” Alexander Kokorin, Mamaev was serving his sentence for participating in fights in the center of Moscow in October last year.
In mid-September, they were released from the colony by parole.
Zenit signed a new contract with Kokorin.
A man with a samurai sword tried to defend the cart found in the garbage heap.
A resident of the American city of Auckland Park, Florida, was arrested on charges of attempted murder after he waved a samurai sword at his opponent in a dispute over a cart found in the garbage.
54-year-old Curtis Miller (Curtis Miller) delved into a pile of garbage near an empty house.
This was noticed by Todd Beavers, who went out for an evening walk.
The latter decided to join the search and found a black cart among the scum.
Miller saw Beavers find and was upset.
He believed that he could claim a cart, since he was the first to dig into the trash.
The men began to argue.
Suddenly, Beavers grabbed a cart and ran with it toward his home.
Then Miller took the samurai sword he found in the same heap and began to pursue his opponent.
He caught up with Beavers near his house.
Miller drew his sword from its scabbard and began to swing it in the direction of the cart kidnapper.
Beavers told Miller that what was happening was being recorded on video.
Noticing the camcorder, Miller escaped, but threatened to return.
Beavers left the cart in the yard and entered the house.
Soon after, he saw that an unfamiliar woman had entered his yard and took the cart, shouting insults.
Police have already sought out Miller for driving without a license.
The man was detained and charged with attempted murder.
In September, it was reported that in the US city of Hardiston, New Jersey, a hedge fund manager attacked an unknown woman and wounded her with a sword.
Thus, he reacted to the fact that the guests at the wedding, which was celebrated in the same hotel where he stayed, did not give him a light.
Riots for three
The Moscow affair against the participants in the summer protests the further, the more noticeably it breaks up into separate fragments and loses its political content.
Evidence of the fact of the "riots" does not stand up, but in the absence of a political decision to put the matter on the brakes, a weak evidence base would not necessarily lead to the removal of the charges.
The collapse of the case should inspire society, but it will certainly leave the siloviki, whose efforts to fill the case with the defendants and evidence turned out to be in vain, to be extremely irritated.
On Thursday, September 26, one of the three defendants remaining in the case under Art. 212 of the Criminal Code (riots) - Alexey Minyailo was unexpectedly released from custody without any obligations, and after a few more hours he was completely rehabilitated: TFR dropped charges from him.
Minyailo remained under arrest for almost two months, several professional communities stood up for him at once: historians, priests, writers.
After that, only two accused of participating in the riots remained (13 were initially accused): Sergei Fomin, transferred to house arrest on September 3, and Samariddin Radzhabov, whom the court had extended the arrest the day before until the end of December (he is also charged with violence Regarding the representative of the authorities, Article 318 of the Criminal Code).
The court sentenced the author of a comic petition on Latvia's accession to the USA
The court of Riga's Vidzeme suburb punished the author of the comic petition for Latvia's accession to the United States of America Denis Bartetsky.
It is noted that the man was assigned 80 hours of correctional labor and one year of probation.
“Common sense is not the strongest side of our system,” Bartetsky commented on the court decision.
He also added that usually the punishment is less than requested.
The collection of signatures on Latvia's accession to the United States was organized in 2016.
Meanwhile, simultaneously with this petition, signatures were collected on the site about Latvia joining the "Galactic Empire" and about the country's exit from the Solar System and the Milky Way.
It is noted that a criminal case was initiated against Bartetskiy under the first paragraph of Article 82 of the country's Criminal Law - “Public call for undermining the territorial integrity of the Republic of Latvia”.
Prior to this, in 2016, the author of an Internet petition on Latvia's accession to Russia received six months in prison.
Japanese airliner makes emergency landing in Khabarovsk
Boeing, flying from Austria to Japan, made an emergency landing at the Khabarovsk airport, reports TASS.
On board the aircraft owned by the Japanese company ANA, there were 206 people, including 12 crew members.
It is noted that there are no victims.
For people from Tokyo flew another side.
As a representative of the Khabarovsk airport told the agency, the reason for what happened was a drop in oil pressure in one of the aircraft’s engines.
Earlier it was reported that a plane flying from Zhukovsky Airport near Moscow to Kyrgyzstan made an emergency landing at Samara Airport because of a sick child on board.
Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs proposes punishment for insulting policemen on the Internet
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia has prepared amendments to the law "On Police" in order to protect law enforcement officers from the dissemination of slanderous and defamatory information on the Internet.
On Friday, an application for public discussion of the bill appeared on the federal portal of regulatory legal acts, the draft document has not yet been published.
The explanatory note to the document notes that it is being developed in connection with the need to protect the honor and dignity of a police officer from "disseminating information and communication networks, including the Internet, of defamatory information, including information that is defamatory."
How exactly it is supposed to protect policemen from slander in the network is not specified.
At the same time, in the explanation to the document, it is noted that the provisions of the amendments will be applied “by individualizing the mechanism” already envisaged by the law on blocking posts that offend government officials and the law on fines for such posts.
Both laws entered into force in March this year.
The final text of the bill will be published after public debate and an independent anti-corruption review.
According to the explanatory note, amendments to the Law "On Police" should enter into force in January 2020.
On March 18, President Vladimir Putin signed into law the punishment for “flagrant disrespect for the state” on the Internet.
According to this document, Roskomnadzor warns the resource about the violation and gives it a day to eliminate it.
For the first violation of the prohibitions, a fine of 30 to 300 thousand rubles is provided, and for repeated violation - an administrative arrest for up to 15 days.
On April 12, Roskomnadzor first applied this rule to the media, blocking the Yaroslavl publication 76.ru.
Soon after, the Chudovskiy District Court of the Novgorod Region fined a local resident 30 thousand rubles for posting “two records in indecent form on the network, which offends human dignity and public morality and expresses clear disrespect for society, the state, authorities, exercising state power in the Russian Federation. "
The term for reducing mortgage rates
Housing loan rates in Russia will decrease until the end of 2019.
This was stated by Director General of the credit organization Dom.rf Alexander Plutnik, reports Interfax.
As Plutnik noted at a board under the Ministry of Construction of Russia, most banks in the remaining months of the year will conduct another cycle of lowering mortgage rates, and the market average will reach 8.9 percent - the level required by the national project Housing and Urban Environment.
According to the project passport, in 2019, the average mortgage rate should be 8.9 percent, in 2021 - 8.5 percent, and by 2024 - 7.9 percent.
The program provides for "providing affordable housing for middle-income families, including the creation of opportunities for acquisition (their construction of housing using a mortgage, the rate at which should be less than 8 percent)."
Earlier in September, it became known that one of the largest players in the Russian mortgage market - Sberbank - plans to carry out another reduction in housing loans rates by the end of 2019.
Will phytoestrogens and phytoandrogens help prolong youth?
The topic of phytoandrogens is poorly studied.
Of the most famous - pine pollen.
But phytoestrogens are studied well and have a positive effect on the body.
They reduce the risks of certain diseases associated with age (among them cardiovascular, some types of cancer).
Known sources of phytoestrogens are all legumes (the most popular is soy), hops, and flax seeds.
However, many experts believe that such dietary supplements cannot act as a complete replacement for natural hormones.
Possible harm from such additives cannot be ruled out.
For example, against the background of their intake, the production of their own hormones may decrease due to the fact that too many analogues from the outside enter the body.
Veretennikov urged to revive the Kazakh "Zhenis".
Former striker of Rotor and the Russian national team Oleg Veretennikov joined the action to revive Kazakhstan's Zhenis.
The club from Astana, which over the years was called Dynamo, Tselinnik, Astana and Zhenis, was disbanded in 2014.
Veretennikov defended his colors in 2004 and 2008.
"I learned about the rally on the revival of the football club" Zhenis ", organized by his fans.
And could not stay away!
I spent a season and a half in this club.
These were not the best of times in terms of results and funding, but I will never forget this club and its loyal fans who have always been with the team!
The Munaitpasov Stadium, where I scored my 200th goal in my career, will forever remain in my memory!
"Zhenis" must be reborn!
He has a great story and wonderful fans.
I wish them all the best and believe that the city authorities will return their home club to them! "- Veretennikov wrote on Instagram.
The Bastion complex launched the Onyx missile in Chukotka
The Ministry of Defense for the first time launched a cruise missile from the Bastion complex in Chukotka.
Onyx started at a distance of 350 kilometers from the target, and 200 of them flew over land, which is a record for this type of missile.
Firing safety was provided by about 10 warships and ships of the Pacific Fleet, as well as maritime aircraft, the Department of Information and Mass Communications of the Russian Defense Ministry said.
Previously, the Bastion complexes were never used in Chukotka.
Hydrometeorological Center named loyal folk signs
In Russia there are many popular signs according to which people try to predict the weather.
Unfortunately, not all of them work.
In the Hydrometeorological Center, we checked all the signs that supposedly work.
Meteorologists concluded that only two of them can really be trusted, however, in the short-term time period.
As the scientific director of the Hydrometeorological Center of Russia Roman Vilfand said, if the sun is red during sunset, then the next day will really be fine, as our ancestors noticed.
And if the heavenly light is whitish, then the next day it will rain.
The second working sign is based on bird watching.
They often talk about swallows, if they fly low, then it is usually in the rain.
The reason is simple - when the humidity is high, then the wings get wet in the midges and the birds are forced to decline to hunt for insects, writes TASS.
Different continents have their own folk signs.
Groundhog Day is a traditional folk festival in the United States and Canada, celebrated annually on February 2.
It is believed that on this day you need to watch the groundhog crawling out of its hole to determine the time of arrival of spring.
Unidentified oil spills discovered on beaches in northeast Brazil
Oil spills of unknown origin were found on 99 beaches in northeast Brazil.
The foci of pollution were scattered over two thousand kilometers of coastline.
Messages about the first oil spills discovered began to arrive on the second of September.
However, every day until Thursday, their number, as well as territorial coverage, continued to increase.
The Brazilian Environmental Institute conducted a chemical analysis of the identified samples.
It turned out that they are all identical and it is just about crude oil.
The state oil corporation Petrobras, to which the samples were transferred for analysis, said that in their composition they do not correspond to oil extracted from fields in Brazil.
"This is a thick oil.
It can be dropped from one of the ships after cleaning the tanks.
Many continue to do so.
And most likely it fell into the ocean current, "- said the Brazilian news portal G1 coordinator of the union of oil workers of the states of Pernambuco and Paraiba Rogerio Almeida.
He also added that, despite the prohibition of this practice, many ships continue to dump waste on the high seas.
On the beaches of four of the eight affected states in the north-east of the country, environmentalists found nine sea turtles, completely covered in oil film.
And only two of them were saved.
In the coming days, the Brazilian Environment Institute, together with Petrobras, will begin cleaning up polluted beaches.
In the meantime, the institute’s experts recommend that tourists and local residents go around the oil spills and notify about all detected foci of pollution.
Medvedev instructed to review the standards of catering
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev instructed Rospotrebnadzor, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Economy and the Ministry of Industry and Trade, together with the business ombudsman and the business community, to review the sanitary and epidemiological rules and norms for public catering organizations.
They will also have to study the issue of the transition to the application in catering of the requirements established by the technical regulations of the Eurasian Economic Union.
Departments should submit their proposals to the government no later than October 15, the list of Mr. Medvedev’s instructions following the results of the Dialog program on Russia 24 on September 11 said.
At the same time, Mr. Medvedev instructed all the departments mentioned above, besides the Ministry of Justice, to submit proposals on conducting an experiment on January 1, 2020 to limit control measures for catering organizations in a number of regions, including Moscow, Tatarstan and the Kaliningrad region.
Until November 11, the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Economy were instructed to introduce a bill to the government as amended by the Administrative Code on the use of administrative suspension of activity for violation of the requirements for catering, which caused harm to health.
In addition, the Ministry of Labor, the Ministry of Economy, Rospotrebnadzor and the Ministry of Finance need to work out the issue of a gradual transition from 2021 to the formation of a consumer basket based on a basic set of products that allows you to create a complete healthy diet.
Recall that the business community started talking about outdated standards of requirements after one cafe from the AnderSon chain was closed.
The business community demanded to cancel the existing SanPiNs, Rospotrebnadzor announced the joint development of new ones.
The list includes 33 departments.
Meanwhile, Rospotrebnadzor intends to reduce the number of sanitary norms and rules by 40 times by 2021.
Currently, investigators possess information about the three thefts to which the detainee was involved.
The man in the Skuratovsky microdistrict of Tula was operating.
He stole batteries and car radios from cars.
Of the two cars - VAZ-2106 and VAZ-2107 - the kidnapper took the batteries, presumably for the purpose of further sale.
"And from the same VAZ-2107 car, for the same purpose, the attacker took the car radio and subwoofer," the Ministry of Internal Affairs in the Tula region said.
The stolen attacker probably intended to resell.
Currently, the 26-year-old unemployed is detained.
Russians have nothing to put off for retirement from - V. Matvienko
Federation Council speaker Valentina Matvienko believes that Russians do not have enough savings to ensure that the bill on a guaranteed pension product is fully operational in the country.
The practice of increasing pensions through personal savings in the world is quite common.
Another thing is how timely its introduction is with us.
“In my opinion, now a significant part of the population has incomes, from which they simply have nothing to allocate for an increase in pension provision in the future,” V. Matvienko said.
The Russians, according to the speaker, cannot understand the mechanisms of formation and accrual of pensions, because "the constant changes in this area have completely confused them."
The foregoing does not mean that I am against improving the pension system that regulates its legislation.
"Russia is a social state, and we are obligated to do everything to improve the size of pensions and the social security of citizens.
But steps in this direction should be thoughtful, responsible, taking into account domestic realities, "V. Matvienko told RIA Novosti.
The Head of the Federation Council emphasized that if this initiative (the bill on the guaranteed pension product) is to be developed, then several basic principles must necessarily be provided, including voluntariness, tax preferences for citizens and employers, and strict guarantees and responsibility of the state for ensuring the safety of pension savings.
The Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation on September 6 announced the sending for approval of a bill on a guaranteed pension product (GPP).
Among its main elements are the exclusively voluntary procedure for citizens to join the savings system, guaranteeing the safety of long-term pension savings of citizens by the state, registering citizens' savings accounts with the central administrator, tax benefits for businesses and tax deductions for citizens.
Spider-Man remains in the Marvel Cinema Universe.
Sony and Disney agree
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The news of the departure of his beloved superhero from the Marvel movie universe caused anger among many loyal fans
One of the most famous comic book heroes - Spider-Man - will remain in the Marvel Cinema Universe.
Disney and Sony Pictures have negotiated rights to use it in franchise films.
This was announced in a press release from Sony, which states that the third part of Spider-Man with Tom Holland will be released on July 16, 2021.
It was previously reported that Disney and Sony Pictures could not reach a consensus on revenue sharing, which is why Spider-Man will leave the Marvel Cinema Universe.
Movie rights are owned by Sony.
She rented them out for the Marvel movies, which is owned by Disney.
As a result, Sony earned revenue from movie sales, and Disney from souvenirs and toys.
As reported, at some point, this situation ceased to suit Disney, and the company wanted to revise the agreement.
Marvel Studios president Kevin Feigi said he was thrilled.
It’s amazing that Spidey [Spider-Man ]’s journey into the Marvel Cinematic Universe continues.
"We at Marvel Studios are all very pleased to be able to continue working on it.
Spider-Man is an iconic figure.
This is a hero whose story affects all generations and viewers around the world, "- said in a press release.
At the same time, Feigi recalled that Sony is creating its own movie universe, built just around Spider-Man.
"It so happened that he is the only hero endowed with superpower who finds himself in different film universes.
So while Sony continues to develop its own Spidey universe, the future may bring unexpected surprises, "he said.
Tom Holland, who played Spider-Man in five films, apparently commenting on the news, posted on his Instagram account an excerpt from the movie “The Wolf from Wall Street” in which the hero Leonardo di Caprio shouts “I'm not leaving!”
Information about the contradictions between the companies appeared in August.
According to media reports, Disney wanted to receive half the box office revenue from the films about Spider-Man, provided that both companies will pay half the cost of producing paintings.
But this did not suit Sony.
The news of the possible departure of the beloved superhero from the Marvel movie universe caused anger among many loyal fans.
Details of the new conditions have not been disclosed.
According to CNBC, Sony declined to comment on the agreement, but said: "We have worked very well over the past four years, and our joint desire to continue working together was commensurate with the wishes of many fans of [Spider-Man].
We are glad that we can move forward together. "
The film "Avengers: Final", combining Spider-Man, Thor, Hulk and other Marvel superheroes, became the highest grossing film in the history of world cinema, having displaced Avatar from first place.
President of Belarus invited to visit Crimea
The head of the Belarusian community of Crimea, Roman Chegrinets, invited President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko to visit the peninsula.
The main dream is to inherit power
What is the memory of the 25-year rule of Lukashenko in Belarus?
In his opinion, closer economic cooperation with Belarus will benefit the region.
Chegrinets expressed confidence that after Lukashenko Belarusian enterprises will come to Crimea, RIA Novosti reports.
On September 26, the President of Belarus negatively answered the question of the Ukrainian journalist about the return of Crimea to Ukraine.
According to the Belarusian leader, he does not consider this possible in the foreseeable future: "This issue is closed once and for all."
However, the voting results were not recognized in Kiev and the West.
Lukashenko named the reasons for the continuation of the conflict in the Donbass
They came to the famous blogger Andrei Poltava with searches: what is known at the moment
On Friday, September 27, in Poltava in the house of relatives of the volunteer and blogger Andrei Karpov, known as Andrei Poltava, searches are underway.
This was reported by the blogger himself on Facebook, noting that he does not live at this address.
In addition, Poltava writes that he once again received an e-mail message with this content: “We inform you that in the territory ... I left a makeshift bomb.
The second similar explosive device in the car will be launched today near the house of the famous Ukrainian propagandist Karpov Andrey Anatolyevich (aka Andrei Poltava) ...
Death to the Punishers. "
Karpov believes that his activities as a volunteer, politician and blogger are not like the Russian occupiers.
Subscribers of Poltava are sure that he makes the necessary programs and wish him strength and patience.
Recall that Poltava talks with the Russians about the war in the Donbass, the annexation of Crimea, about peace, politics, and then uploads the video to the Internet.
The blogger ran for the Verkhovna Rada from the party "European Solidarity".
Now he is broadcasting on the Direct channel, where he severely criticizes Russian propaganda.
In 2017, according to ICTV, Karpov was recognized as the best blogger in Ukraine.
Riigikogu: Estonia wants to make climate goals for 2050 even more ambitious
The chairman of the commission, Annelie Ott, noted that so far the committee has had three hearings.
Experts, entrepreneurs and representatives of the Ministry of the Environment presented their vision for achieving carbon neutrality in Estonia.
"The review will allow us to state that Estonia, together with other EU member states, is actively looking for opportunities to make the climate goals for 2050 even more ambitious and agree on ways to achieve them," Ott said.
The Chairperson added that the government also planned to discuss the analysis of Estonia’s increased climate ambitions on 3 October.
The decision made following its outcome will be further discussed in the commissions of the Riigikogu.
The deputy chairman of the commission, Riina Sikkut, said that Estonia needed a clear plan for achieving the climate goals, agreed with all interested parties.
International agreements and the high cost of carbon dioxide emissions quotas will be anyway.
“In addition to energy, within the framework of domestic discussions, the Riigikogu could focus on measures in agriculture, transport, forestry and housing.
It is necessary to take into account the socio-economic impact of all changes, "said Sikkut.
This fall, the Riigikogu Commission for European Union Affairs launched a series of parliamentary hearings to prepare a decision with which Estonia will take part in EU negotiations on climate goals for 2050.
Chelsea will lure Neymar with a record salary
The management of the English “Chelsea” expressed a desire to acquire the striker of the French PSG Neymar.
It is reported by El Desmarque.
According to the publication, the London club will make the Parisians an offer in the summer transfer window.
It is noted that Chelsea is going to pay PSG 300 million euros, and Neymar to offer a contract with a salary of 42 million euros, which will make him the highest paid player in the world.
This summer, the Brazilian announced his desire to return to Barcelona.
Neymar, according to media reports, did not want to stay in PSG, but in the end did not manage to leave for another club in the last transfer window.
After that, Parisian fans publicly turned to the football player, expressing dissatisfaction with his actions.
In the Rostov region, a child was amputated because of a medical error
In the Rostov region, an 11-year-old boy lost his arm due to a mistake by doctors.
This is described in a note published on the Internet media.
According to REGNUM, the child was taken to a hospital in the city of Zernograd with a broken arm.
The boy was given gypsum, after which gangrene developed.
As a result, the limb had to be amputated.
The cited material says that Roszdravnadzor employees found in the medical institution "violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis of the child, as well as the standard and amount of assistance provided at the first stage of treatment."
Investigators will check the fact of the incident.
In the Penza region, a car hit a woman with two children
A passenger car was hit by a woman with a baby in a stroller and a three-year-old son in the Penza region, one child died.
This was reported to the agency "Interfax" by the head of the press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the region Olga Evdokimova.
The accident occurred in the Serdobsky district on Friday evening.
The interlocutor of the agency said that the woman was walking in the same direction along the side of the road with a stroller in which the child was born in 2019 and with her son in 2016.
The driver of the Ford Focus knocked down all three.
As a result, the eldest boy died.
The youngest child is taken unconscious to the hospital.
The woman has no injuries, she was released after the examination.
According to Evdokimova, the perpetrator of the accident tried to leave the scene, but was promptly detained.
According to preliminary data, the driver was drunk, he was sent for a medical examination.
The accident is being checked.
High-ranking ex-policeman from the CBD detained in Krasnodar
Law enforcement officers detained in Krasnodar in a rented apartment the former chief of the operational-search unit of his own security of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Kabardino-Balkaria, Sergei Rybnikov.
He was wanted since May in the framework of the bribe case, writes RIA Novosti with reference to representatives of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia and the TFR.
The man was taken to the investigation unit.
The person involved in the case was detained, before that he was charged in absentia.
According to law enforcement agencies, in 2017-2018. Interior Ministry officials in the Kabardino-Balkarian Republic received a bribe of 42 million rubles.
For this money, they did not prevent the illegal transportation of alcohol-containing products in the region.
16 people are involved in the case.
Moreover, 14 of them were detained at the initial stage of the investigation.
Oleg Vinnik landed in the Peacemaker base: what happened
The popular Ukrainian singer Oleg Vinnik, who starred in the project # VsemWorld with Russian stars who supported the Kremlin’s policy towards Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea, ended up in the Peacemaker base.
A message about this appeared on the official website of the base.
The description refers to the fact that Vinnik became a member of the Russian propaganda anti-Ukrainian action #WorldWorld, aimed at shifting the responsibility of the war unleashed by Russia (aggressor country) to Ukraine.
Recall that Vladimir Pozner, Mireille Mathieu (France), Alessandro Safina (Italy), Valeria, Soso Pavliashvili, Igor Krutoy, Zara, Tamara Gverdtsiteli, Denis Klyaver, Valery Syutkin, Dmitry Malikov, Maxim Pokrovsky, Yana Poplavskaya, Maxim took part in the video Averin, Ksenia Alferova, Nonna Grishaeva and others.
Most of the flash mob participants publicly support the Kremlin’s aggressive policies.
Vinnik became the only Ukrainian participant in the project.
The singer’s press service previously explained that the artist took part in a project in support of International Peace Day, which is celebrated on September 21, and did not change his patriotic position.
Recall that a disturbance wave arose in the network.
The video itself is called a mockery.
How can artists who visited the occupied Crimea, supporting Putin’s policies, who started the war in the Donbass, where people die almost every day, talk about peace?
Four people convicted of a series of robbery dachas in Khabarovsk
In Khabarovsk, a court sentenced four residents of the village of Druzhba, who for two years robbed summer houses in the partnerships "Cosmos" and "Rainbow" in the area of ​​the Black River.
This was reported on September 27 by the news agency Khabarovsk Territory Today.
The criminal group included previously convicted men of 31 and 37 years old and two brothers of 21 and 24 years old.
It was found that the inspirer of the crimes was the eldest of the brothers, who had served a juvenile prison in youth.
Alone, he robbed nine houses, later the rest connected.
The damage from each of the thefts ranged from three to 21 thousand rubles.
The criminals carried away stoves, refrigerators, curtains, buckets, gas cylinders, chairs, cabinets and many other items.
They managed to detain them thanks to the triggered security alarm in the last house.
The defendants were found guilty of thefts committed with illegal entry into the home, causing significant damage to a group of persons by prior conspiracy.
“The brothers were sentenced to 3 years 6 months in prison in a penal colony, the other two defendants to 2 years 10 months and 1 year to 6 months in prison,” the agency quotes the senior assistant prosecutor of the Khabarovsk district, Yulia Vasilyeva.
Medvedev: Kokorin continues training on an individual program
Forward Petersburg “Zenith” Alexander Kokorin continues training on an individual program after his release on parole, TASS reports citing team director Alexander Medvedev.
Last Thursday, September 26, the striker began training with Zenit-2.
A photo with Kokorin in his Instagram was posted by the mentor of the second blue-white-blue team Vladislav Radimov.
Earlier, Medvedev said that Kokorin may play in the autumn for Zenit in a friendly match.
In official meetings, the forward will be able to prove himself after January 22, 2020, he must be registered at the nearest transfer window.
Recall, October 8, 2018 Kokorin, his younger brother Kirill, midfielder “Krasnodar” Pavel Mamaev and children's coach Alexander Protasovitsky staged a series of fights in the center of Moscow.
Drunken athletes beat three people.
For a long time they were in jail.
In May 2019, a court sentenced them to real prison sentences.
The Kokorin brothers were sent to jail for one and a half years, Mamaev and Protasovitsky - for 1 year and 5 months.
In September 2019, the court granted the request of the athletes, with the exception of Protasovitsky, for parole.
The first fights according to the rules of Alexander Emelianenko will be held on November 29.
The first MMA fights according to the rules that Alexander Emelyanenko came up with will be held in Moscow on November 29, in the undercard of a boxing match between Emelianenko and strongman Mikhail Koklyaev.
The fights we lost in the entertainment, ”said Emelianenko in an interview with SE.
There is nobody to look at.
So I came up with a new kind of mixed martial arts - Universal World Fight.
Rules - three different rounds.
MMA is a sport where all martial arts are collected.
A mixed-style fighter must be able to do everything - both work in a stance, and fight, and work in the stalls.
The first round - only percussion technique in the rack.
The second round is just a fight, while the time for hosting in the stalls is limited to 30 seconds.
Third round - everything is allowed.
When will the first tournament take place according to the rules that you came up with?
29th of November.
In the undercard of our battle with Koklyaev.
But it is not yet known exactly how many fights will be.
A veteran and his wife were killed in a Russian city
World War II veteran and his wife were killed in Ryazan.
This was reported on the website of the regional Investigative Committee.
The bodies of men and women born in 1928 and 1930 were found in their apartment.
It is noted that they found signs of violent death.
A criminal case was instituted on the fact of the incident.
The investigation checks various versions, including those related to the mercenary motive of the murder.
The investigation is ongoing.
On August 24, it was reported that a man was killed in Kaluga, who killed a 92-year-old veteran for money on drugs.
It is noted that the elderly man was hit at least ten times.
A criminal case was instituted in accordance with paragraph 4 of Article 111 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (“Intentional grievous bodily harm resulting in the death of the victim by negligence").
Later, the Mash Telegram channel reported that a suspect in the murder five years ago glassed a veteran’s balcony.
KamAZ-Master to exhibit four crews at Dakar 2020
On Friday, September 27, a press conference "KamAZ-Master" was held in Naberezhnye Chelny, at which the team leader Vladimir Chagin announced the names of the riders who will take part in the Dakar 2020 rally-raid.
The Russian team will be represented at the rally marathon by four crews who will perform on KamAZ-43509 trucks: the current Dakar champion Eduard Nikolaev, the winner of the Silk Way 2019 rally Anton Shibalov, as well as Andrei Karginov and Dmitry Sotnikov.
Currently, the process of preparing the team for the Dakar 2020 rally has entered its final stage.
According to the press service of the team.
On December 5, 6, in Marseille, France, initial technical inspections and ferry loading will take place to send the equipment of the race participants to the Arabian Peninsula.
Recall that, starting in 2020, the Dakar rally marathon is changing its location.
After 10 years spent on the routes of South America, the race organizers signed a five-year contract with Saudi Arabia.
The 42nd “Dakar” starts on January 5 from the Red Sea coast from Jeddah.
January 11, participants will spend a day of rest in the capital of the kingdom of Riyadh, and finally, the finish of the race is scheduled for January 17 in the town of Kiddia.
Trade with Russia is not only tanks
Commodity turnover between Russia and India may double in size due to the geopolitical situation.
This was announced by Manish Kumar, Deputy Director of the Confederation of Indian Industry, at the V anniversary forum of small and medium business of the regions of the SCO and BRICS countries.
It is important for us to learn from the SCO and BRICS countries, including Russia, ”the guest from Delhi emphasized.
“Our confederation has 9,000 direct members and 300,000 partner companies from 130 countries.
All this is a small and medium business that cooperates with the countries of the Shanghai organization.
And we are not standing still, but are developing, and all these sanctions against Russia and the geopolitical situation in general only help us all grow.
Now our bilateral trade exceeds 10 billion US dollars, but these figures can be doubled.
First of all, due to new technologies in the field of healthcare, artificial intelligence and robotics.
Our trade is not only tanks and heavy industry.
According to Manish Kumar, India has already established first contacts with modern centers of Russia.
So, a delegation from Delhi and other cities recently visited Skolkovo and Innopolis.
We signed a memorandum on creating systems in which you can build your modern business.
Indeed, entrepreneurship is not a whim, but a necessity.
A necessary step for us towards economic prosperity.
We need to expand, attract small and medium-sized businesses, and together with Russia, China and other countries we will definitely do this, ”the Indian industrialist emphasized.
Recall that Ufa hosts the Forum of Small and Medium Business of the regions of the SCO and BRICS member countries for the fifth time in a row.
From September 25 to 27, more than 2800 people from Russia and another 31 countries of the world took part in the forum.
As part of a working trip to Tobolsk, the governor of the Tyumen region, Alexander Moor, took part in the grand opening of the Sokolovsky water intake after reconstruction.
Now its productivity is 25 thousand cubic meters per day.
Reconstruction of the water intake took place as part of the implementation of the federal project "Clean Water" on the national project "Ecology".
Investors helped the authorities: Sokolovsky water intake became another example of using the mechanism of public-private partnership.
The Tyumen region has unique experience in the country in the interaction of federal structures, regional authorities, the local administration and a private investor in this area.
New artesian wells appeared at the facility.
Pumping stations were built above them.
Water treatment and disinfection facilities were reconstructed.
As a result, the Sokolovsky water intake will provide tobolaks with high-quality drinking water.
The plans loop Sokolovsky and Zhukovsky water intakes.
Then Tobolsk will be able to completely switch to underground water sources.
Wagai to expand water treatment facilities
In Congress, in a conversation with Trump Zelensky saw the "Russian trace"
In the lower house of the US Congress, the Russian Federation was accused of involvement in the scandal caused by a telephone conversation between the head of the White House Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky.
The suggestion that the Russians might somehow be behind this story was expressed by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, MSNBC News reports.
“Russia, I believe, had a hand in this,” the democrat said, but did not give further comments.
Pelosi-led Democrats, who hold the majority in the House, previously announced the impeachment of the president.
This happened after an intelligence informant complained to Trump.
The informant suspected that in a conversation with Zelensky in July, Trump put pressure on his interlocutor to bring Ukraine a case against the son of former vice president Joseph Biden, and the latter could become Trump's electoral candidate in a year.
The White House had to provide congressmen and the public with a transcript of the scandalous conversation.
Nornickel to allocate 139.8 billion rubles for dividends in the first half of the year
Norilsk Nickel will allocate 139.88 billion rubles (about $ 2.1 billion) in dividends for the first half of 2019.
The decision was made at an extraordinary meeting of shareholders.
It is noted that the payment per share will amount to 883.93 rubles.
“On October 7, 2019, shareholders approved the date on which persons entitled to receive dividends are determined,” the company’s press service said.
According to the Moscow stock exchange at 18:03, the price of one Norilsk Nickel share rose 1.04% to 16.5 thousand rubles.
Wang Yi met with UN Secretary General A. Guterres
Member of the State Council, Foreign Minister Wang Yi on Thursday met with UN Secretary-General Anthony Guterres at the UN headquarters in New York.
According to A. Gutterisch at the meeting, China plays an extremely important role in creating a multipolar world.
The UN is grateful to the Chinese government for its strong support and fruitful cooperation, and also appreciates the important contribution China has made to the international fight against poverty, combating climate change and creating a green Belt and Road.
He wishes to deepen cooperation with China in the field of protecting security and peace and sustainable development, and also expects China to continue to play a leading role in combating climate change and other areas.
Wang Yi, in turn, noted that multipolarity is an inevitable trend, and each country has the right to development.
The implementation of multipolarity is impossible without multilateralism, whose symbols are the main goals and principles established in the UN Charter.
According to the minister, China advocates a more active role for the UN, supports the work of the Secretary General of the World Organization and strictly adheres to the basic ideas and principles of the UN Charter.
Next year will mark the 75th anniversary of the founding of the UN, and the Chinese side intends to use this opportunity to strengthen cooperation with the world organization in order to jointly create a wonderful future for the whole world.
Philippine President Duterte arrives in Russia for five days
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will arrive in Russia in October, TASS reports with reference to the representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines, Amelita Aquino.
It is specified that Duterte will arrive in the Russian Federation on October 1.
His visit to Russia will last until October 5.
Aquino said that the President of the Philippines is going to Russia at the invitation of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
Duterte will participate in a meeting of the Valdai Club in Sochi.
The Philippine leader will also visit Moscow.
In the capital, Duterte will take part in the Russian-Philippine business forum and give a lecture at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO).
According to Aquino, the main event of the trip will be a meeting of two presidents.
It is planned that the leaders will discuss the state of bilateral relations and how countries can further expand cooperation in various fields.
It is noted that the meeting of the Philippine leader with the Russian will be the fourth in a row.
For the first time, the presidents met in 2016 at the APEC summit in Peru.
In May 2017, the head of the Philippines paid a visit to the Russian Federation, and another meeting of leaders took place in November 2017 on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Vietnam.
Earlier it was reported that Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte allowed citizens to shoot bribe-takers.
Elon Musk responded in Russian to the "unusual invitation" to come to Krasnodar to a business forum
The founder of Tesla and SpaceX, Elon Musk, has responded to the invitation of the organizers of the Krasnodar business forum to attend the event.
The billionaire wrote a comment under one of the photos with the "invitation billboard" at the office of his company.
Earlier, one of the organizers of the “Case for Small” forum posted a billboard with the inscription “Kak tebe takoe?” In the California city of Hawthorne, and on the other hand posted a welcomeelon.com website.
There is also a special QR code that will help you go to the forum site and get acquainted with all the information.
"The language is well suspended," the inventor wrote in Russian in response to an invitation, teleprogramma.pro reports.
It is still unknown what exactly Musk meant by his answer, but many Russians, including forum speakers, are hoping for a speech by the billionaire.
Meanwhile, in the program “Evening Urgant” they already presented in what attire the billionaire in Krasnodar could appear.
The businessman was dressed in a Cossack outfit and suggested that in the Kuban Mask would present: an electric sack, an electric whip and an electric saddle for a horse.
The famous land art artist created a portrait of Greta Tunberg
Sooner or later this was to happen.
The image of Greta Tunberg was immortalized by a tractor on the field.
The portrait of the activist was created by the famous land art artist Dario Gambarin.
A 16-year-old schoolgirl from Sweden suffering from Asperger Syndrome became famous after speaking at the UN assembly.
The activist accused all adults of stealing childhood and dreams from the younger generation, polluting the planet and destroying the future under the pretext of economic development.
Greta is nominated for an alternative Nobel Peace Prize, she may become her youngest owner, and the media vying call the schoolgirl the most influential teenager in the world.
US Congress agrees to sell F-35 fighter jets to Poland
Warsaw also plans to get F-135 engines and related equipment
The United States Congress approved the sale of 32 fifth-generation F-35 fighter bombers to the Polish side.
This was announced by the Minister of National Defense of the Republic Mariusz Blaschak.
According to him, Warsaw will receive not only aircraft, but also 33 F-135 twin-turbojet engines developed by Pratt & Whitney, as well as related equipment.
The starting cost of the contract is $ 6.5 billion.
"This is one of the last steps before concluding a contract, but this is not the end of our work.
We will do our best to get the best possible price, "wrote Blaschak on his Twitter page.
The site kp.ru wrote that the American F-35s will have to replace the Soviet-made Mig-29 and Su-22s that are in service with Poland.
A bilateral deal is expected to enhance the republic’s security.
Russian Ministry of Defense publishes video of launch of Onyx supersonic missile in Chukotka
The Pacific Fleet Bastion coastal complex first launched the Onyx supersonic cruise missile.
The launch video was posted by the Russian Defense Ministry on Twitter.
According to the TV channel "Star", the flight of the rocket was normal.
The missile successfully hit a target located in the Chukchi Sea at a distance of more than 200 km.
The safety of the maneuvers was provided by about 10 warships, as well as naval aircraft.
Equipment and troops were delivered to the training site on the landing ship.
Calculation of a sea target located at a distance of more than 200 kilometers was performed by
Rospotrebnadzor categorically against the return of smoking rooms to airports
Rospotrebnadzor categorically opposes the return of smoking rooms to airports.
"Neither ventilation, nor filters, even taken together, can reduce the effects of tobacco smoke to levels that are considered acceptable," the report says.
Izvestia reported on Friday that the Ministry of Health had developed amendments to the second reading of the bill, according to which it was proposed to equip two smoking rooms per airport.
The expert told why it is worth giving up tea in bags
A group of scientists from Canada, representing McGill University, found that when brewing a tea bag in a cup in five minutes, more than ten billion particles of microplastics get into the cup.
Sawdust particles can also be added to the packaged beverage, food safety expert Elizaveta Tikhonova told Nation News.
According to the agronomist, the consumer cannot get reliable information about the composition of tea bags - the manufacturer can add ingredients that will not be indicated on the package.
Sawdust is not thrown away at the end of the season, so they may end up in tea.
"Moreover, tea plants do not always include tea plants," Tikhonova said.
According to her, it is better to abandon the use of such a drink in favor of tea by weight, which is sold in specialized stores.
In addition, she stressed that the danger of tea bags lies not only in the composition, but also in the method of its production - microparticles are heated to high temperatures, because of which they can begin to emit harmful substances.
“It’s best to buy pure green or black tea - there will be fewer additives in such a drink,” the expert said.
Arctic development issues will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk
Problems of Arctic exploration will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk.
The forum was organized by the Norilsk Development Agency and the Taimyr Researchers Club, reports Krasnoyarsk State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company.
The reports were brought by scientists from Russian cities - Moscow, St. Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Salekhard, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk, Dudinka.
Foreign guests came from Holland and Canada.
One of the central topics of the forum is how to develop an urban environment in the Arctic and at the same time not to harm nature.
Forum guests will also be able to visit interactive venues at the Norilsk State Industrial Institute.
And in the cinema "Rodina" movie lovers are waiting for - there will be screenings of popular science films about the Arctic region.
At creative meetings, travelers and scientists will talk about their experiences in exploring the Arctic.
The forum will last three days.
Nordic Walking Festival will be held in Ulyanovsk
Residents of the Ulyanovsk region will take part in the Nordic Walking Festival.
Mass start will take place in the "Coastal" park.
The participants of the festival will be teams from different cities and regions of the Ulyanovsk region, who won in the municipal stages.
They mainly include residents of the region older than 50 years.
The project is designed to attract the older generation to an active pastime, reports 1ul.ru.
The city stage of the festival was held on September 7 at once in six parks.
Participants had to overcome Nordic walking distance of 3 km.
The winner was determined by the sum of the years of the participants in the team.
The regional festival will take place on September 28th.
Regions invited to share business support secrets
As it became known to the Parliamentary Gazeta, on September 27, Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy Andrei Kutepov sent a letter to the Minister of Economic Development Maxim Oreshkin and the Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov with a proposal to express a position on the initiatives of the constituent entities of the Federation to improve legislation in the field of supporting small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
It's time to establish interregional ties
The Council of the Federation Committee on Economic Policy has summarized the information received from the regions about the programs for business development and legalization of the self-employed in them, as well as the results of such programs.
In their letters, the regions told the senators about the problems of the development of SMEs and sent suggestions for improving the current legislation.
"To date, communication between the regions is not well established, as a result of which the business community in all regions visited by senators identified the issue of the lack of information on regional entrepreneurship development programs in the country as a whole," said Andrei Kutepov.
In the appendix to the letter, which was sent to the Government, he presented a set of positive developments of the regions on the legalization of self-employment and summary data from the regions with suggestions and problems (available to the publisher).
In addition to specialized ministries, summary data from the regions were also sent to the heads of regional executive bodies.
The exchange of information on positively implemented developments in the regions could give impetus to the development of entrepreneurship as a whole.
The first step towards such an exchange will be to forward the information available to the Committee on Economic Policy, "the senator told the Parliamentary newspaper.
Useful experience
Today, in many regions of the country, support programs for small and medium-sized businesses have been adopted and are successfully operating.
For example, in the Vologda Oblast there is an Enterprise Support Center, which, in addition to financial support measures, assists businessmen in certification of finished products.
In the Ivanovo region, a business support system has been developed that provides for the implementation of the one-window principle through multifunctional centers.
In the Krasnodar Territory, start-up agricultural consumer cooperatives are provided with grants from the regional budget.
In the Oryol region operates a cluster development center.
Amur Region within the framework of the federal project "Acceleration of small and medium-sized enterprises" provides for the possibility of subsidizing business incubators, created on the basis of existing non-governmental coworking centers, at the expense of the federal budget.
And in a number of other regions, special support measures are being taken for youth entrepreneurship.
Self-employed continue to withdraw from the shadows
According to regional authorities, in order to more effectively support small and medium-sized businesses, a number of changes should be made to the current legislation.
For example, the Arkhangelsk region proposed replacing the term "self-employment" with "entrepreneurial activity", since it "is most consistent with the content of the public service to promote self-employment of unemployed citizens."
In the Ivanovo region, it is considered necessary to introduce amendments to expand the list of activities provided by self-employed citizens, including activities in the decoration and repair of residential premises, summer cottages, and physical education classes.
The Bryansk region considers it important to strengthen control over unscrupulous dairy producers using the Mercury veterinary system.
And in the Kostroma and Magadan regions, they advocate for the notion of "social entrepreneurship" and directions for supporting social entrepreneurship in the legal field.
All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state programs to support small and medium-sized enterprises, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills.
“All proposals from the regions will be taken into account when preparing state programs to support small and medium-sized enterprises, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills,” Andrei Kutepov assured.
The airline helped passengers avoid the neighborhood with crying children
The airline Japan Airlines (JAL) has launched a new feature: when booking seats on the plane, you can now find out where small children will be sitting.
Now, if you want a neighborhood with them you can avoid.
Passengers of the Japanese airline Japan Airlines (JAL) were given the opportunity to take advantage of the new option and avoid an unwanted neighborhood with small children.
The air carrier launched a function that allows you to track in which places the children will sit.
When choosing seats in the cabin during the booking of tickets, passengers will be able to see the image of the child’s head in places occupied by children aged eight days to two years.
Thus, those who do not want to fly near the kids because of the possible inconvenience associated with their crying, can be located as far away from them.
Internet users who use the services of the airline, were delighted with the innovation.
Some of them thanked the carrier, noting that other airlines should do the same.
One of the users complained that a few weeks ago he flew from New York to Doha, and three crying children were sitting right next to him.
Another commentator suggested introducing "adult flights", expressing willingness to pay extra for such a flight.
Many tourists noted that they will now try to always choose Japan Airlines for their movements, since they do not see anything pleasant in flying next to a crying child in an enclosed space.
Earlier, a woman traveling with a baby, tried to appease fellow travelers during the flight Seoul - San Francisco.
She prepared a bag of sweets for each of the 200 passengers, each of which had an apology note.
Oleg Tabakov train appeared in the metro?
If you constantly use the Kaluga-Riga line (as most residents of Konkova do), then a surprise awaits you.
A new thematic train, The Great Russian Artist Oleg Tabakov, was launched in the subway.
Every day, this registered personnel carries 10 thousand people.
He runs just along the orange line and talks about the director, actor and founder of the Tabakerka Theater.
By the way, it’s convenient to go from Konkova to performances that play on the new stage of the theater (it is located on Malaya Sukharevskaya Square, next to the Sukharevskaya metro station).
As the Moscow Metro press service explained to us, "the external design of the thematic train used images of fragments of stained-glass windows of a new scene and portraits of Oleg Tabakov were placed in the iconic images created by him in the theater, cinema and animation."
The train tells about his family, the play "Sailor Silence", which began the great life of the theater, about the "Snuffbox" itself, about the director's work.
On the walls of cars, you can see rare archival photographs and stills from movies.
Russian gays with adopted children sought asylum in the USA
A same-sex couple of Russians with two adopted children sought asylum in the United States, RIA Novosti reports.
Reportedly, the men left the Russian Federation for Ukraine, after which they went to the States, where they applied for asylum.
According to a statement from the Stimul group, the basis for such family actions was "incessant interest from law enforcement agencies."
It is reported that men do not plan to return to Russia.
From the beginning of the school year, children study at an American school and adapt to new conditions.
We will remind, earlier it was reported about the initiation of proceedings against employees of the social welfare department of the Maryino district due to the adoption by a same-sex family of two little boys.
At the same time, the HR Committee stated that raising children by a same-sex couple should not in itself become a reason for initiating proceedings.
At the press center of the Izvestia Information Center will be a press conference of the Moscow Art Theater project "SEASON OF VERSES Third Stage. Poetry"
On October 3, at 11:00 a.m., the Izvestia Press Center will host an announcing press conference: Start of the project “SEASON OF VERSES: Third Stage. Poetry” at the Moscow Art Theater. M. Gorky.
Eduard Boyakov, artistic director of the Moscow Art Theater. Gorky, director of the project.
Ivan Kupreyanov, poet, producer of the project.
Dmitry Vodennikov, poet.
Irina Lindt, theater and film actress.
Alexey Shmelev, poet.
In the new season, the third scene of the Moscow Art Theater. M. Gorky will become a territory of total poetry.
As part of an extensive program, performances will be shown, based on the verses of the main poets of our time.
The project team will create a unique poetic world for the audience from poems, music and multimedia images.
Artistic director of the Moscow Art Theater Eduard Boyakov and project curator, poet and producer Ivan Kupreyanov will present the first and only theatrical anthology of contemporary graceful literature today - the project "SEASON OF VERSES: Third Stage. Poetry."
The season opens on October 5 at 19:00 on the third stage of the Moscow Art Theater. M. Gorky performance of a poet-legend, each performance of which becomes a significant event for lovers of fine literature, Dmitry Vodennikov.
Performances will be held in October and November.
Each performance is its own author, curator and actor.
The performances will be attended by artists of the Moscow Art Theater and guest stars: Irina Lindt, Agnia Kuznetsova, Olga Kabo, Alisa Grebenshchikova.
The musical concept of the project is Sergey Letov.
The curators in the performances will be: Pavel Kryuchkov, Maria Golovanivskaya, Eduard Boyakov, Ivan Kupreyanov, etc.
The project is implemented with the support of the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation.
Pavel Ustinov joins pickets in support of defendants in the "Moscow affair"
Actor Pavel Ustinov joined the series of single pickets “Freedom to All,” which takes place on Friday near the building of the Presidential Administration on Old Square in Moscow, an Interfax correspondent reports.
A series of pickets began on September 18 in support of Ustinov himself and has since been continuing every day.
At present, the rally participants, replacing each other, stand holding a poster with the inscription "Freedom to all" and the names of those convicted and arrested after uncoordinated rallies in Moscow in the summer of 2019.
In addition to Ustinov, on the poster are the names of Yegor Zhukov, Kirill Zhukov, Danil Beglets, Yevgeny Kovalenko, Konstantin Kotov, Ivan Podkopayev, Aidar Gubaidulin, Alexei Minyailo, Sergey Fomin, Samariddin Rajabov, Nikita Chirtsov, Eduard Malyshevitsky, Vladislav.
The Tver court of Moscow on September 16 sentenced 24-year-old Ustinov to 3.5 years in a general regime colony on charges of using violence against a fighter of the special police force of the Russian Guard on an uncoordinated rally on August 3 in the center of Moscow (Part 2, Article 318 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation).
After that, on September 20, at the request of the Prosecutor General’s Office, the court changed Ustinov’s preventive measure from detention to recognizance not to leave.
So, the petition for the release of Ustinov gained more than 112 thousand signatures per day.
Theater and film artists began a flash mob in support of a colleague.
To take part in a single picket in solidarity with the actor on September 18, a queue was drawn up on the Old Square.
Revision of the case was demanded by human rights activists, journalists, scientists, teachers, doctors, Orthodox priests.
As sister Ustinova Julia told Interfax, her brother does not plan to speak at a rally on September 29 in the capital in support of the defendants in the "Moscow affair".
Deliveries of "sanctions" to Russia fell 100 times
The government of the Russian Federation estimated that the supply of agricultural products and food to Russia from countries that fell under the Russian food embargo has decreased by more than 100 times since 2013.
According to a report sent to Russian President Vladimir Putin, in the first half of 2019, 31 thousand tons of products were imported from sanctions countries compared to 3 million 442.2 thousand tons for the same period of 2013, Interfax reports.
At the same time, the value of imported products decreased to $ 226.5 million from $ 4 billion 975.5 million, respectively.
We are talking about the supply of goods that did not fall under the embargo.
As indicated in the report, the volume of prohibited products was offset by an increase in imports from the CIS countries, Africa, Southeast Asia, and Serbia.
Recall that at the end of August the government extended until December 31, 2020 the validity of the rules for the destruction of agricultural products, raw materials and food that are prohibited from being imported into Russia under counter-sanctions.
A document posted on the official legal information portal noted that the validity of the rules was extended by one more year, from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020.
Initially, the sanction destruction order extended to products from the United States, EU, Australia, Norway and Canada.
Later, from August 13, 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland, and Liechtenstein “joined” this list, and from January 1, 2016, Ukraine.
A decree signed by Putin on the elimination of "sanctions" (products that fell under the food embargo that Moscow imposed in response to Western anti-Russian sanctions) illegally brought into the country entered into force in 2015.
In turn, the government allowed the destruction of “sanctioned” food by any legal means.
As Western sanctions continued, the Russian Federation also extended its retaliatory measures.
At the same time, this measure does not apply to products that citizens import for personal use.
The ban does not apply to the import of goods for personal consumption weighing up to 5 kilograms.
However, the head of the Presidential Council for the Development of Civil Society and Human Rights, Mikhail Fedotov, previously called "simply immoral" the destruction of food, and this, he said, negatively affects the education of people.
Moreover, the Rospotrebnadzor came up with an initiative to ban the destruction of food suitable for consumption.
After that, the Presidential Human Rights Council gave a similar recommendation to the government.
And Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexei Gordeev said that it is wrong to destroy food products, and you need to think about how you can use them for their intended purpose, evaluating the quality.
Head of firm found guilty of tax evasion
The verdict of the Leninsky district court of the city of Cheboksary, the director of the Earth and Law LLC, Vyacheslav Morozov, was found guilty of committing crimes under paragraph "b" of part 2 of Art. 199 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (tax evasion from an organization by including knowingly false information on an especially large scale in the tax return) and part 2 of article 327 of the Criminal Code (falsification of an official document granting rights and relieving from duties, in order to use it, committed to hide another crime and facilitate its commission).
This was reported by the press service of the Investigative Department of the TFR in Chuvashia.
From January 2008 to December 2009, Vyacheslav Morozov introduced information on imperfect transactions into the tax accounting documents of LLC.
According to fictitious documents, the company incurred additional costs, and, therefore, the amount of taxes payable on value added and on profit of the organization was reduced to 11.2 million rubles.
Vyacheslav Morozov was sentenced to 3.5 years probation.
By 2023, the first school of a new format will open in the center of the capital
A new model school will be opened in Khamovniki.
According to the head of Moskomstroyinvest Anastasia Pyatova, all conditions for self-realization and development of children's talents will be created there.
The educational institution decided to call the "New Look".
This project will be overseen by the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Economic Development of Higher Education Foundation.
They plan to start designing a building with an area of ​​about 10 thousand squares next year.
They will finish construction at the end of 2022, and in the next they will begin to recruit the first students.
"The project provides for the creation of a public, non-profit educational space, which will be based on the traditions of the classical Moscow school and experimental methods," the press service of Moskomstroyinvest noted.
In Chile, began to build a telescope worth 1 billion euros
This was reported by TASS with reference to the press service of the European Southern Observatory (ESO).
According to ESO, the construction of the dome of the building officially began this week, where the E-ELT (European Extremely Large Telescope) is the most expensive and ambitious ground-based astronomical project.
Its total value, according to ESO estimates, will exceed one billion euros.
Most of this money will be spent on the manufacture of equipment and the construction of the observatory building.
The most expensive and complex component of the telescope is its record-breaking large mirror, whose diameter will be about 39 meters.
It will be assembled from 798 hexagonal segments measuring 1.4 meters.
This huge mirror, as well as two auxiliary reflecting surfaces with a diameter of 4.2 and 3.75 meters, will help E-ELT get the first detailed photographs of planets outside the Solar System, stars in other galaxies, as well as look for Earth's doubles.
In addition, scientists will try to use this observatory to observe the surroundings of Sgr A *, a supermassive black hole in the center of the Milky Way.
Despite the fact that the construction of the dome has only just begun, scientists, engineers and other specialists have been developing mirrors, scientific instruments and other components of the observatory for three years already - from the moment the first plans for the construction of the E-ELT were announced.
The contract for the production of the main mirror, whose total cost was about 400 million euros, was received by the German company SCHOTT and the French company Safran Reosc.
