In the CAR, three people died in the crash of a UN helicopter
Three people died and another was injured in the crash of a helicopter of the Senegalese Armed Forces, operating under the leadership of a UN peacekeeping mission, in the city of Bouar in the west of the CAR.
This is reported on Friday by DakarActu portal with reference to the Senegalese army.
The head of the mission, Mankeur Ndiaye, confirmed the information about the plane crash, noting that the helicopter crash occurred at the time of landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter returned after an operation to combat armed groups.
The Senegalese Army reported that it was in contact with the UN regarding the evacuation of the victim and the bodies of the dead.
The Coordinator of the Archangel Staff of Navalny was sentenced to public works
In the October District Court of Arkhangelsk, the sentence was announced to the regional headquarters coordinator Alexei Navalny Andrei Borovikov.
For repeated violation of the rules for holding rallies (article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation, the so-called Dada article), the court assigned him 400 hours of mandatory work, reports the Kommersant correspondent from the court room.
The case was opened in April of this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a garbage site in the Arkhangelsk region.
The first under article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation in 2015 was sentenced to three years in prison by activist Ildar Dadin.
On the eve of the verdict, on 26 September, the parties held a debate in court.
The prosecution insisted on forced labour for three years.
A measure of restraint has been taken against me in the form of a restriction of freedom, which is that I can not attend public mass events and can not communicate with the organizers of the April 7 protest.
"All this time I wore an electronic bracelet and a base.
They were tracking my whereabouts.
I note that I was not restricted in my movements.
Recently flew from Moscow, where he was trained, "said Andrei Borovykov.
After the verdict was announced, Navalny's regional headquarters coordinator announced that he would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26, a deputy from the KPRF faction, Sergei Shargunov, introduced a bill to the State Duma that softens article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
Representatives of the KPRF, LDPR and SR informed Kommersant of their intention to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: "Everyone in Rubin needs to think about the reasons for unsuccessful matches."
Rubin midfielder Pavel Mogilevets spoke about the reasons for the team's unsuccessful game.
The Kazans in the Russian championship suffered four consecutive defeats, and also flew out of the Cup.
We tune in to every game, ” the “Izvestia ” of the Mogilevets quote.
Therefore, each of us needs to think about the reasons for such unsuccessful matches.
Before we meet again, we need to prepare for them and correct the situation.
How?
If we knew, we probably would have fixed it.
But first of all, it seems to me that we need to add to the component of unanimity.
In my opinion, we have problems with this.
The Kremlin supports a ban on smoking on residential balconies
The Kremlin supports any measures that will save lives, President Dmitry Peskov, spokesman, said, commenting on the ban on smoking on balconies and apartment boats.
Previously, the cabin approved changes to the Fire Management Rules, according to which it is forbidden to use open fire on balconies and residential rooms.
Later, the Russian MES reported that this included a ban on smoking on balconies and boats of apartments and hotels.
The changes will enter into force on 1 October 2019.
Administrative liability is provided for the violation.
The Kremlin is positive about any decisions that help save human lives.
“We know how many fires occur, many of them have very tragic consequences and public resonance.
Therefore, any saved life justifies such decisions, "Peskov said.
First of all, the press secretary assesses this as a fire-fighting measure, not a way to protect neighbors from tobacco smoke.
Peskov also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome smoking and is a supporter of a healthy lifestyle.
Gattuzo is looking for work in one of the Russian clubs
Italian football coach Jennaro Gattuzo arrived in Russia to search for a new club.
According to the Championships, a 41-year-old specialist flew to Moscow to study the possibility of finding work in some Russian club.
Gattuzo's previous place of work was "Milan", which he led from 2017 to 2018, and which under his leadership took fifth place in the standings of the Italian Serie A and failed to reach the Champions League.
As a coach, he also worked in the Swiss "Sion", the Greek "OFI", as well as Italian "Palermo" and "Pisa".
Pavel Mamaev's talks with Dinamo were previously reported to be in jeopardy.
Ex-coach Milana arrived in Moscow to lead the Russian club
Former Italian national team player and ex-head coach of Milan Jennaro Gattuzo flew to Moscow in order to lead the Russian club.
Gattuzo is the 2006 World Champion in the Italian national team.
At the club level, he was known for playing for Milan, with whom he twice won the UEFA Champions League in 2003 and 2007.
The Italian began his coaching career in Sion.
Over the past two seasons, Jennaro led the "rossoneri".
Previously, it was reported that the football player of the capital CSKA Konstantin Kuchaev spoke out against the introduction of VAR.
The Secretary of the NBO of Ukraine resigned
Alexander Daniluk, Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council (SNBO) of Ukraine, wrote a resignation statement, reports the office of the president of the country.
This was done before the start of Vladimir Zelensky ’s working visit to the United States to attend the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
"The president will consider him on his return to Kiev," said Mr. Zelensky in the office.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree appointing former Minister of Finance Alexander Daniluk as Secretary of the SNBO in late May.
In this post, Mr. Daniluk succeeded Alexander Turofficial, who resigned due to the change of president.
Palkin is the ninth in the qualification of PM.
Russian Sophia Palkin took ninth place in the qualifying hammer in Group A at the Doha World Cup.
Its result is 68.53 meters.
The final will be played by four athletes who have crossed the limit of 72 meters.
This is the Polish Joanna Fedorov (73.39 m), Ukrainian Irina Klimetz (72.93), French Alexander Tavernier (72.91 m) and Belarusian Anna Kalyshik (72.59 m).
The finals will be played by 12 best athletes from two groups.
Palkin's participation in the fight for the medal will become known after the performance of athletes from Group B.
Kvyata's disease failed during the first practice in Sochi
Russian pilot Toro Rosso Daniel Kvyat had to complete his first free practice of the Russian Formula 1 Grand Prix ahead of schedule.
The disease of the Russian lost power and the racer could not reach the boxes.
Kit parked the car in one of the security zones.
Before leaving the race, the pilot Toro Rosso took fifth position.
The second free practice is expected to take place today, September 27, at 3 p.m. Moscow time on Sochi Avtodrom.
It was previously reported that Kwit shared expectations from the Sochi Grand Prix.
China strongly opposes the US adoption of the Taipei Bill
China strongly opposes the adoption by the United States of the so-called “Taipei bill ”, which seriously violates the principle of one China and the principles of the three Sino-American joint communiqués.
This was stated on Friday by Ma Xiaoguang, spokesman for the Office of the State Council of China for Taiwan Affairs.
The approval by the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee of this bill is also a serious violation of international law and basic principles of international relations and gross interference in China ’s internal affairs, Ma Xiaoguang noted.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues relate to China's internal affairs.
“We call on the American side to clarify the situation, immediately stop promoting relevant negative bills, and immediately stop interfering in the Taiwan issue in order to avoid further damage to Sino-American relations, as well as peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait, ” he noted.
China must and will be reunited.
This historical trend can not be stopped by anyone and no forces, Ma Xiaoguan emphasized.
TikTok hides unsuitable videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under the age of 18.
Imagine China / Reuters
Chinese social network TikTok censors videos that mention Tiananmen Square, Tibet ’s independence, or Falun Gong ’s banned religious group, says The Guardian.
The documents at the publication tell that the owner of TikTok (ByteDance company), using the application, promotes the goals of China's foreign policy abroad.
Most of the violations related to China ’s policies fall under “hate speech. ”
In each case, TikTok places inappropriate publications in a context suitable for general rules so that the actions of the social network do not look like censorship.
For example, the ban on criticizing China ’s socialist system falls under the general prohibition of “criticizing or attacking the policies and social rules of any country, such as the constitutional monarchy, the parliamentary system, etc. ”..
The ban on mentioning incidents in Tiananmen Square or genocide in Cambodia falls under the “distortion of the history of China or other countries ”.
The document also contains a list of the banned names of twenty "foreign leaders or statesmen", including North Korean leaders Kim Jong Il, Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-un, Indian politics Mahatma Gandhi, American presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Geun-hee, Indonesian President Joko Widodo and Indian Premier.
The prohibited material is divided into two categories, as stated in the document.
Publications from the first category are removed by social network administrators and can lead to the blocking of the user.
Not too strict violations fall into the second category: such publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited to TikTok algorithms.
ByteDance told The Guardian that these rules are outdated and no longer applied: "Now we use a localized approach for modeling, as well as attract independent local specialists."
Russian users of TikTok have no specific restrictions on publications, says the co-founder of the "Producer Center" Rustem Bogdanov.
The Producer Center is one of the Russian media companies that officially cooperates with TikTok.
All advertising materials of the bloggers “Producer Center ” agree with representatives of the social network, but user materials can be posted without agreement, Bogdanov reports.
When asked whether it is possible to speak out about politics or Putin in TikTok, Bogdanov answers in the affirmative and says he saw such publications.
Bogdanov is agreed by Our Didgital agency founder Roman Zaripov: "The basic rules for TikTok users list in the user agreement: you can not post shocking content that discriminates against statements and so on."
But under these rules, you can bring down any content that the moderators do not like, notes Zaripov.
Zaripov Agency is another Russian partner, TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under the age of 18.
According to the user agreement, only people over 13 years old can use TikTok.
Social network administrators check their age with artificial intelligence: neuroscience analyzes faces and determines how many years a person looks, says Bogdanov.
If the neurosis decides that the user is younger, his account can be deleted, he adds.
According to RBC, in September 2019, ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of the WeWork carpet.
Istanbul residents spoke about the earthquake in the city
A strong earthquake caused panic in the largest city of Turkey
Last Thursday, September 26, an earthquake of magnitude 5.9 occurred in Istanbul.
34 people were injured, 10 of them are still in hospitals.
Istanbul resident Melike admitted that she had a panic attack for the first time in her life.
"I cried so much.
Wept right in the workplace.
Later it got easier, I went back to business.
But I am so ashamed now! ", the girl told the television channel 360.
"There was a really strong earthquake in Istanbul
I can't go back yet!
But in general, I'm fine, "political scientist Jalan Özgül shared his impressions.
Project manager Selin noted that the mayor of the city keeps all residents informed, but, according to her, townspeople still feel small shocks of magnitude about 3.2 or 3.5.
She also drew attention to the communication problem immediately after the earthquake.
The girl said she could not reach her mother, but the Internet worked "great" and she could send a message through WhatsApp.
According to kp.ru, after the earthquake, all kindergartens and schools were closed, from where all students were evacuated.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of powerful underground shocks was recorded 68 kilometers west of Istanbul, in the Marble Sea.
Matthews met with the Toronto leadership.
The Toronto striker, Oston Matthews, met with the club's management.
She discussed a case in which Matthews is accused of hooliganism.
It went well, ” TSN quotes the words of the player.
Of course I made a mistake.
And I take full responsibility for the acts committed.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And the club and I discussed how to deal with this situation.
I think there's nothing wrong with our relationship.
Roszdravnadzor reported on the results of the test of amputation of the hand to the child
A child in the Rostov region was amputated by a doctor ’s mistake, “View ” reports with reference to the website of the territorial body of Roszdravnadzor.
An 11-year-old boy broke his arm, after which he was stabbed in a hospital in the Zernograd district.
After some time, the child developed gangrena, amputation was carried out.
The audit found that there were irregularities in the timeliness and accuracy of the diagnosis, as well as in the standard and volume of assistance provided.
Verification materials are transferred to the SU of the SK of Russia in the region.
URA.RU previously reported that the chief doctor of the South Uralsk City Hospital was arrested.
Russians were warned of fake calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from scammers has increased, which replace the bank's phone number.
This is reported by Kommersant with reference to the data of the Central Bank.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator provided communication operators with information about more than 2.5 thousand numbers that were called by customers of various financial organizations.
In 189 cases, operators found a number replacement.
Another 218 rooms were blocked, and in 59 cases they imposed a restriction on the use of financial services.
The deputy head of the information security department of the Central Bank, Artem Sychev, said that a wide range of Russian banks collided with the replacement number.
He explained that operators did not always respond to the Central Bank's warnings of fraudulent calls, citing the lack of such a duty in the Communications Act.
At the Discovery Bank, Rosbank and Alpha Bank confirmed information about an increase in the number of fraudulent calls with a replacement number.
According to the Bilina press service, part of the information about fraudulent calls that the Central Bank transmitted was incorrect: the lists included numbers that are really used by banks to communicate with customers.
Their blocking would cause disruption to the work of the organization.
Artem Sychev said that the Central Bank plans to create a database of fraud numbers, which the communication operator will contact at each call to check the number.
He explained that the establishment of such a framework would require legislative amendments.
US-China trade talks will resume on October 10 in Washington
A new round of trade negotiations between the United States and the PRC will take place in Washington on October 10, CNBC reports.
According to his sources, the Chinese delegation will be headed by Liu He, Vice Premier of the State Council of China.
Note that the last round of US-China trade negotiations took place in Shanghai at the end of July, but the parties were never able to make progress.
New mutual duties between the United States and China entered into force on September 1.
Earlier, US President Donald Trump said that Washington and Beijing could reach a trade agreement earlier than expected.
The State Duma will verify violations of the Voice of America, Medusa and BBC law
The State Duma Commission to Investigate Foreign Intervention in the Internal Affairs of Russia will conduct inspections of some media outlets for violations of Russian law.
Interfax reports this with reference to the head of the commission Vasily Piskarev.
The commission was reviewed by Medusa, MBH Media, Voice of America, Present Time, Radio Liberty and the Russian BBC Service.
Previously, planned audits of Google and Facebook services were reported.
Piscarev also stated that he would ask the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to decide on further accreditation of the German Deutsche Welle, in whose publications the commission found signs of justifying extremism.
In September, Roskomnadzor revealed political advertising on Google, Facebook and Youtube services.
According to the department, this happened during the Russian elections on September 8.
The facts of the violations were referred to the State Duma Commission.
Google later stated that the company supports responsible political advertising.
According to the employees, it is required to comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook noted that advertisers, not the site, should be responsible for enforcing Russia's electoral laws.
Roskomnadzor chief Alexander Zharov accused the company of applying double standards when posting political advertising.
Stoltenberg discussed with the Green Accession of Ukraine to NATO
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky discussed Ukraine's membership in the alliance in the fields of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The gensec spoke about this during a speech at Columbia University in New York.
Responding to a question as to whether the topic had been raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg stated that they had indeed discussed the issue and also stressed that in his reply he had not mentioned the dates of Ukraine's accession to NATO.
According to him, any country that wants to join the North Atlantic Alliance is obliged to fulfill certain conditions in order to meet specific standards, RT writes.
Crimea offered a Green Alternative to the NATO Course
Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky, instead of pursuing a course to join NATO, should engage in the establishment of good-neighbourly relations with Russia.
This was reported on Friday, 27 September by the Co-President of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets.
“The Panu president of Ukraine does not need to repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but should listen to the advice of [US President] Donald Trump, which he listened to with an acid face, and establish relations with the president of Russia, ” said Chegrinz to the journalists of RIA Novosti.
Chegrinese noted that Zelensky is a good actor for him, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will be able to remain in power only if relations with the Russian Federation are established.
Earlier on September 27, NATO Gensec Jens Stoltenberg reported that he had a conversation with Zelensky on the country's accession to the alliance.
To that end, he said, Ukraine was obliged to fulfil certain conditions.
On June 5, MP Yevgeny Balicki said that the possible entry of Ukraine into the alliance does not guarantee the improvement of life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
Barcelona blackmails Neymar
Spanish Barcelona and its former footballer, Brazilian Neymar, are trying to settle the financial dispute that arose after the attacker switched to the French Pari Saint-Germain.
The case almost reached court, but the Catalans invited the player to resolve the dispute without the intervention of Femida.
Otherwise, they refuse him to return.
Neymar and his cunning father, who is also an agent of the Brazilian, started an interesting trick: according to an agreement with Barsa, which the player signed in 2016, he was supposed to receive 40 million euros.
However, literally a year later, the forward ended up in PSG for a record 222 million euros.
However, he received 22 million from the Catalans and now wants to take the remaining 18.
In addition, Brazilian lawyers insist that the club also owes him interest for failure to pay.
When Neymar ’s claims became known in the capital of Catalonia, Barcelona filed a counterclaim.
Blue-grenade insist that the bonus relied on the execution of the entire contract-from 2016 to 2022.
Accordingly, the club believes that the player was entitled to only a quarter of €40 million and requires a return of the proportionate part of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer, Neymar and Barsa almost agreed to return the "prodigal" player to the Catalonia Lono.
True, the deal has broken down, but the hope for a reverse transition of the forward remains.
And so, according to Sports. Ru, referring to insiders, the club ’s lawyers told the player ’s representatives that if the issue of financial claims was not resolved in the pre-trial order, this would exclude the possibility of the Brazilian returning.
Neymar himself wants to come back so much that he asked for guarantees that the Catalans would buy him back.
March Laar: EKRE members will not enter the board of the Bank of Estonia
EKRE members were not and will not be invited to the council.
The composition of the board of the Bank of Estonia concludes on trust in the Estonian state.
As long as there is such behavior among EKRE members that they first say and then think, none of them will be invited to the bank council.
“The chairman of the board of the Bank of Estonia can not apologize for the statements of board members, ” Laar said in an interview with Delfi, reports the ERR broadcast portal.
However, Laar noted that EKRE is represented at meetings of the Eesti Pank board.
The current seventh board of the Bank of Estonia includes, in addition to Laar, Lina Tynisson, Kaya Kerem, Urmas Varblane, Calev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (Reform Party), Ann Lister and Rain Mink.
At Laar's suggestion, two council members-Kallo and Tynisson-should be replaced, Laar proposed Ann Eismaa (Central Party) and Iwari Padar (Social Democratic Party) in their place.
At the same time, the Reform Party wanted Andrés Sutta to join the council instead of Yaanus Tamkiwi.
But Laar responded that the goal of the Reform Party was to get two seats on the board of the Bank of Estonia-so that in addition to Jaanus Tamkiwi, Andrés Sutti would be included in the council.
On Tuesday, September 24, Riigikogu rejected Laar's proposal to appoint new members of the board of the Bank of Estonia.
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the scandal in Kyrgyzstan with the Malachov show
In the Russian Foreign Ministry, they commented on the situation with indignation, which caused another release of Andrei Malakhov ’s Live Air program in Kyrgyzstan, RIA Novosti reports.
Earlier, a Russian diplomat was called to the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry after the broadcast.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic believes that the leader made incorrect statements regarding the situation surrounding the citizen of Kyrgyzstan, Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant in the accident in which the Russian Alexander Marugov died.
Malakhov said that a Kyrgyz citizen could have set up an accident.
The accident happened on July 8 in Moscow.
Marugov crashed on a motorcycle in a taxi driven by Akbarov.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is the culprit of the accident.
Malakhov himself, from whom Kyrgyz citizens demanded an apology, said that these words were just a personal opinion.
As explained in the Russian Department, the Kyrgyz Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not call Russian diplomats-there was a planned working visit during which, among other issues, the statements of the television presenter were discussed.
"Andrei Malakhov's point of view is the opinion of a journalist, his personal view of the situation," said the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, answering that this incident will not affect the inter-state relations of the Russian Federation and Kyrgyzstan.
Figurists Artemyev and Nazarychev won the Junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb
Russian skaters Yulia Artemyeva and Mikhail Nazarychev won gold in sports steam competitions at the Junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb, TASS writes.
For the short and arbitrary programs, Artemyev and Nazarychev received 179.83 points.
In second place with the result of 177.58 points, another Russian couple was found-Diana Mukhametzyanov and Ilya Mironov, bronze went to the Germans Annika Hocke and Robert Kunkel (156.31 points).
The Russian couple Anna Shcheglov and Ilya Kalashnikov took fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of the stage in Zagreb reached the final of the Junior Grand Prix.
It will take place in Turin from December 5 to December 8.
Later on September 27, the arbitrary program will be shown by young men in solitary confinement.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28.
On September 21, Russian skater Alexander Trusov set new world records in the arbitrary program and in the sum of points at the tournament in Slovakia.
The judges rated her arbitrary rental at 163.78 points, and the short program at 74.91 points.
For a 15-year-old athlete, these competitions became the first at an adult level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only of the production of Belarus
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only of the production of Belarus.
Lukashenko today in Minsk visited one of the local enterprises for the production of cosmetics.
He said that imported cosmetics are no better than Belarusian, but the advantage of domestic products is that they are made of local raw materials.
"You have to use yours," said the Belarusian leader.
Alexander Lukashenko stated that it was necessary to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the leader of Belarus advised local sugar processors to find new markets for products.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exports to Russia and "not suffer."
The situation with sugar exports has worsened due to the excess product in the markets, ” RBC recalls.
This also applied to Russia, in which, due to excess sugar, it began to cost 50 kopeks per kilogram less than in Belarus.
In Domodedovo, a truck killed a seven-year-old girl in the transition
The driver knocked his mother and child down at a pedestrian transition to Domodedovo, told Interfax the head of the press service of the GU of the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs in the Moscow region of Tatyana Petrov.
According to Petrov, the incident occurred on Friday at 08:25 on Gagarin Street.
A mother and daughter was shot down by a 1994 Domodedovo resident who was born driving a gas truck.
As a result of the accident, a seven-year-old child died on the spot and a woman was hospitalized.
“Criminal proceedings have been instituted against the driver under article 264, paragraph 3, of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (violation of the rules of road traffic and the use of vehicles, which caused the death of a person by negligence), ” the representative of the regional chief of police said.
This article provides for a maximum penalty of up to 5 years' imprisonment.
Currently, the offender is detained, Petrov concluded.
The former head of the DNR spoke about his work in Russia
The former Acting head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), Dmitry Trapeznikov, who led the administration of Elista, assessed the state of the city.
The official spoke about this in a comment by Telegram channel "Raise".
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic state.
“It is necessary to level the economy, you need to put an economic hand: here, of course, you need to make roads and external lighting, ” he said, adding that among the tasks is to make a comfortable, well-designed city.
Trapeznikov for the post of mayor of Elista was proposed by the head of Kalmykia Batu Hashikov.
The former head of the DNR admitted that he had known the leader of the region for a long time.
In particular, he repeatedly came to the Republic, where he worked with young people and held sports events.
“And so he turned to me, invited me to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then offered to lead the city, ” the official added.
Separately, Trapeznikov commented on the information of the source of the RBC owned by Gregory Berezkin, who said that his candidacy to the head of Kalmykia was proposed by Assistant President Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication, "has long been friends" with Hashikov.
"Little do they write.
And at the level of various fictional stories, it happens.
I think you should not pay attention, "he added.
Mayor Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and a DNA passport.
On September 26, he headed the Elista administration.
Putin and Soviets discussed security without DDSMS
The meeting also discussed a settlement in Syria following the formation of a constitutional committee
Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed with the Security Council of the Russian Federation security issues after the termination of the Treaty on Medium-range and Shorter-range Missiles, including taking into account the proposal of several NATO member countries to introduce a moratorium on the deployment of INF.
This was reported by the spokesman for Russian leader Dmitry Peskov.
The representative of the Kremlin noted that the meeting also discussed current issues of socio-economic development of the country, as well as further prospects for a settlement in Syria after the formation of a constitutional committee.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, President of the Federation Council Valentin Matvienko, Secretary of the Security Council Nikolai Patroshev, Director of the FSB Alexander Bornikov, head of the Minoborona Sergei Shoigu, Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin.
As the kp.ru website wrote, on September 25, the Russian leader sent a proposal to some North Atlantic Alliance member countries to introduce a moratorium on the deployment of medium-range and shorter-range missiles in Europe.
However, Alnjansa Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg called Putin ’s proposal unrealistic.
Samoswal demolished the pipeline on the road under construction in Crimea
Samoswal with a raised body knocked down two beams of a building guide on the Tavrida highway in Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cockpit and thereby saved his life.
The incident occurred on the morning of September 27 in the Bakhchisarai district of the peninsula.
The man driving a heavy car forgot to lower the body, and when he remembered it was too late to slow down.
The driver jumped out of the cabin, and self-oscillated at speed crashed into the pipeline.
The collapsed beams crushed the cockpit and blocked the carriageway, which, however, is not yet moving.
The amount of damage has yet to be determined, it is planned to be recovered from the subcontractor for the construction of the track, whose driver arranged the accident.
Medvedev congratulated the educators on a professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated educators and all preschool workers on a professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in a telegram published on the government website.
Medvedev noted that the teaching profession is special, requiring great love for its cause, wisdom, patience and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you with their child.
And you make sure that kindergarten becomes the second home for children, where it is cozy, interesting, safe.
"Together with you, they learn the surrounding world, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn autonomy, the ability to communicate and be friends," said the chairman of the Government.
According to the Prime Minister, thanks to the educator, children are shaped and empowered.
Medvedev is sure that it is the future of children that depends on the educator.
“That is why the development of pre-school education, the improvement of its quality, the construction of modern kindergartens, the material provision of pre-school workers-the priorities of state social policy, which the national project“ Demography ” aims to solve, ” said the head of government.
The rooms in the center of Moscow surrender at the price of an apartment on the outskirts
Despite the decrease in the number of communes in Moscow, demand for them does not fall.
The supply is attracted by demand through room delivery of apartments.
In the center of Moscow, renting rooms costs faster than on the outskirts-mainly due to high demand.
At the same time, rooms in the center surrender at the price of apartments on the outskirts.
So, in Hamovniki, the average price of renting a room is 28 thousand rubles, according to a study of the portal "World of Apartments".
For this money, you can take off a shoe near MKAD.
On Arbat, rooms surrender on average for 27.3 thousand rubles, although individual offers can compete with rates not only for one-room, but also for two-room apartments in sleeping areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow give up in Kapotna-the average price per district was 13.6 thousand rubles.
The second place is cheap in the area of Biryulevo West (13.8 thousand).
For 14.1 thousand, rooms in the Biryulev of East and Veshniak surrender.
The most expensive area for the MKAD was the Sun, where rooms surrender for almost 16,000 rubles per month.
A little cheaper will cost rooms in North and South Butov and Novo-Peredelkin.
How to increase the future pension and not recycle
He is able to pay a pension not only to the Russian Pension Fund, but also to non-state pension funds.
The NPF is private companies, Volgograd Pravda reports.
They work as a contribution: you make contributions, the fund invests them and over time returns money to you with interest.
If you are interested in this way, then first study the information about the NPF on the website of the Bank of Russia.
All funds work according to the same rules that are established by federal laws.
Pension points can be bought by law.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of experience you lack to qualify for a pension.
This method is suitable for those who worked informally.
In addition, a contribution can be made for a relative, such as a housewife.
A recommendation for those who think about a pension at the beginning of their work journey.
The increased pension benefits are paid to employees of the public service, doctors, teachers, agricultural workers and people who have worked for a certain number of years in areas of the Far North.
So as not to deny yourself anything with the onset of retirement age, take care of this in advance.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, save money for deposits.
Most importantly, constantly increase your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth power plant of the BSEC
The video, made in the control tower of the fourth power plant at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, appeared on the Internet, the first to publish it on YouTube by the Ruptly video agency.
It is noted that a group of 15 media representatives obtained access to the fourth BSEC reactor control room as part of the presentation of a guide to the exclusion zone.
According to the RT Telegram channel, journalists were there in special protective suits for less than five minutes, since the ruins of the destroyed power plant still deplete radiation, 40 thousand times higher than the norm.
The accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred on the night of April 26, 1986.
Radiation pollution affected 12 regions in Ukraine and 23% of the area of Belarus.
In Russia, 19 regions were affected.
Recall, in July this year, Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky signed a decree according to which a green corridor open to tourists appeared in the Chernobyl zone.
Also in the exclusion zone, the ban on shooting is lifted.
Previously, it was reported that the exclusion zone of the BSEC from the Belarusian side was opened for tourists.
The tour organizers emphasized that less radiation can be obtained in the zone in a day than during the flight on the plane.
Tarasov repeated the trick of Ibrahim
A former midfielder of Moscow's "Lokomotiv" took part in the shuttle, which launched the Swedish forward of the American "Los Angeles Galaxy" Zlatan Ibrahim.
A video with Tarasov's trick was posted on his Instagram.
After that, Tarasov challenged the hawbeks of "railroad" Alexei and Anton Mirancoukam, rapper T-Killah, as well as bloggers from YouTube channel 2DROTS.
Schweed posted a video with the hashtag # matrixchallenge, on which he holds the ball on his chest, deviating back, and performs movements with his hands, as the main character of the film "Matrix" Neo, who in one of the scenes similarly evaded the bullets flying into it.
Ibrahimovic suggested repeating the stunt of the hawbeck "Manchester United" by Paul Pogba, tennis player Novak Djokovic, Russian UFC champion Habibu Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Raiola, noting them under the record.
It was previously reported that the wife of a Ukrainian footballer took part in the Ibrahimovic shuttle.
The turnover of Russia and Slovakia can reach $6 billion in the end of 2019
With the emerging positive trend, trade between Russia and Slovakia could reach 6 billion rubles as a result of 2019, said Slovak Minister of Economy Peter Giga.
At the meeting of the intergovernmental commission on economic and scientific and technical cooperation of the Russian Federation and Slovakia, the Minister noted the increase in trade between the two countries.
Last year, it was 13 per cent, reaching $5.5 billion.
In the first half of 2019, states reached $3 billion in mutual trade, Giga said.
According to the head of Minpromtorg, Denis Manturov, in order to consolidate this positive trend, it is necessary to increase cooperative interaction in the industrial sector.
It has previously become known that Russian and Slovak parliamentarians are going to organize joint activities to develop tourism between countries, as well as cooperation in the field of health and education.
The TNT decided that rapper Guff was not good enough for the Holostec show.
On the Web, several days were condemned, and whether rapper Guff was worthy of being the new "Holocaust."
He was also remembered for his numerous treason and campaigns with escorts and even decided that in this way the musician wants to be rehabilitated for the scandalous clip "Moscow", which received a record number of dislikes from listeners.
But all the leadership of the TNT channel decided by permission to stop all transfers.
Guff will not be the new member of the Holostec show.
The official press statement says that he was considered for this role, but in the end he chose another candidate.
Who could have been better than Guff?
Yes, in fact, anyone...
“Well, at least in something, the producers were able to figure out, it ’s not the format for this program, ”“ Yes, they just did n’t get girls for him, ” “Again another sweet boy is pushed onto the screen, ” netizens commantize the news.
Magomed Ismayilov: "When I hear such support from fans, I become simply abnormal in a cage."
Russian mixed-party fighter (MMA) Magomed Ismayilov commented on the victory over Artem Frolov at the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy is just a gun.
He has cannon blows.
And when I looked him in the eye, I saw desire and character.
This is a real man.
More respect for him.
I wish him luck in the future.
He's a real man.
When I hear such support from fans, I become simply abnormal in a cage.
It was very hard.
I tried.
I was talking about the show.
Did I promise the show?
Was it a show?
Thank you.
And to those who said I was suffocating in the third round...
Ismailov ended his speech with a victorious gesture.
Deutsche Welle can deny accreditation and recognize as an alien
The State Duma Commission concluded that Deutsche Welle, a German television and radio company, violated the law, reports RIA Novosti.
Documents will be sent to Minsk to recognize Deutsche Welle as a foreign agent.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation has transferred materials for the withdrawal of accreditation in Russia.
Rana representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in the meeting of the State Duma commission to investigate the facts of interference of other countries in the internal affairs of Russia.
A massive Facebook crash hit Europe.
Ukraine, too
In the work of the Facebook social network in Europe, a large-scale failure occurred.
Recall, before this, the social network fell on September 23.
As the Downdetector network monitoring resource reports, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, as well as almost the entire UK, have the biggest problems with access to the social network.
Large-scale disruptions are observed on the border of Romania and Bulgaria, in Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Portugal.
Facebook is also unavailable in almost all of Poland, places in Belarus and the Baltic countries.
In Ukraine, judging by the compiled map of failures, Facebook is not available in the Kiev region, as well as partially in the Kharkiv and Vinnitsky region.
Note that in early September, Wikipedia users also experienced problems.
Which club will take the paroled Pavel Mamayev
Footballer Pavel Mamaev, released last week from the UFO colony, will not return to the Krasnodar football club.
A former midfielder of this club can soon sign a contract with FC Rostov, the Championships portal reports.
According to the publication, negotiations between representatives of Rostov and Mamayev are now in the final stage.
Presumably, a contract with a 31-year-old footballer will be signed for two years with the possibility of an extension for another season.
"Sports Express" writes that the day before Paul Mamaev was supposed to undergo a medical examination in the Moscow "Dinamo", but the inspection did not take place due to "an uncertain situation in the club."
Krasnodar terminated the contract with Mamaev last week by agreement of the parties.
The midfielder has played for the Krasnodar club since 2014.
With the team, he won the bronze of the Russian championship twice.
Previously, Mamaev played for the Moscow Torpedo and CSKA.
From 2009 to 2016, Mamaev played for the Russian national team, spending 15 matches in its composition.
Together with Zenita player Alexander Kokorin Mamaev was serving a sentence for participating in fights in the center of Moscow last October.
In mid-September, they were released from the colony on parole.
Zenit signed a new contract with Cochorin.
A man with a samurai sword tried to defend the cart found in the trash heap
A resident of the American city of Oakland Park, Florida, was arrested on charges of attempted murder after he waved a samurai sword on his opponent in a dispute over a cart found in the trash.
Curtis Miller, 54, was digging in a pile of garbage near an empty house.
This was noticed by Todd Beavers, who went on an evening walk.
The latter decided to join the search and found a black cart among the cast.
Miller saw Bivers's find and was upset.
He thought he could claim a cart, as he first started digging in the trash.
The men began to argue.
Suddenly, Bivers grabbed the cart and ran with her towards his house.
Then Miller took the samurai sword he found in the same pile and began to persecute the opponent.
He caught up with Bivers near his house.
Miller grabbed the sword from his legs and began waving it in the direction of the cart kidnapper.
Bivers told Miller that what was happening was recorded in the video.
After noticing the video camera, Miller escaped, but threatened to return.
Bivers left the cart in the yard and went into the house.
Soon after, he saw that an unfamiliar woman came into his yard and took the cart, shouting insults.
The police were already looking for Miller for driving a car without a license.
The man was detained, charged with attempted murder.
In September, it was reported that in the American city of Hardison, New Jersey, a hedge fund manager attacked an unfamiliar woman and injured her with a sword.
Thus, he reacted to the fact that guests at the wedding, which was celebrated at the same hotel where he stayed, did not let him smoke.
Riots on the three
The “Moscow case ” against participants in summer protests, the further, the more noticeable it disintegrates into separate fragments and loses political filling.
Evidence of the very fact of “riots ” does not stand the test, but in the absence of a political decision to slow down this case, a weak evidence base would not necessarily lead to the withdrawal of charges.
The collapse of the case should inspire society, but will certainly leave in extreme irritation the security forces, whose efforts to fill the case with figures and evidence were in vain.
On Thursday, September 26, one of the three remaining defendants in the case under article 212 of the CC (riots)-Alexey Minyalo was unexpectedly released from detention without any obligations, and after a few more hours he was completely rehabilitated: the SKR dropped the charges against him.
Minyalo stayed under arrest for almost two months, several professional communities intervened for him at once: historians, priests, writers.
After that, only two accused of participating in the riots remained in the case (there were 13 initially accused): Sergei Fomin, who was transferred to house arrest on 3 September, and Samariddin Rajabov, whom the court extended the arrest the previous day until the end of December (he is also accused of violence against a representative of power, art. 318 CC).
The court sentenced the author of a noisy petition for Latvia's accession to the United States
The court of the Vidzemsky suburb of Riga sentenced the author of a noisy petition for Latvia's accession to the United States of America, Denis Bartetsky.
It is noted that the man was assigned 80 hours of correctional work and one year of probation.
“Common sense is not the strongest side of our system, ” Bartec commented on the court ’s decision.
He also added that usually the punishment is less than requested.
The collection of signatures on Latvia's accession to the United States was organized in 2016.
Meanwhile, at the same time as this petition, the site collected signatures on Latvia's accession to the "Galactic Empire" and on the country's withdrawal from the Solar System and the Milky Way.
It is noted that a criminal case was initiated against Bartec under the first paragraph of Article 82 of the Criminal Law of the country-“Public call to undermine the territorial integrity of the Republic of Latvia ”.
Before that, in 2016, the author of an Internet petition for Latvia's accession to Russia received six months in prison.
In Khabarovsk, a Japanese airliner made an emergency landing
Boeing, flying from Austria to Japan, made an emergency landing at Habarovsk airport, TASS reports.
On board the airliner owned by the Japanese company ANA, there were 206 people, including 12 crew members.
It is noted that there are no victims.
A different board flew after people from Tokyo.
As a representative of the Khabarov airport told the agency, the reason for this was the fall in oil pressure in one of the aircraft engines.
It was previously reported that a plane flying from Zhukovsky Moscow airport to Kyrgyzstan made an emergency landing at Samara airport due to a sick child on board.
The Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs proposes to punish insulting police officers on the Internet
The Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs has prepared amendments to the Police Act in order to protect the guards of order from the dissemination of slanderous and defamatory information on the Internet.
On Friday, an application for public discussion of the bill appeared on the federal portal of regulations, the draft document itself has not yet been published.
The explanatory note to the document indicates that it is being developed in response to the need to protect the honour and dignity of the police officer against “the dissemination of defamatory information, including discrediting information, on information and communication networks, including the Internet ”.
How exactly police officers are supposed to be protected from defamation online is not specified.
However, the explanation to the document indicates that the provisions of the amendments will be applied “by individualizing the mechanism ” already premeditated by the law on the freezing of posts insulting the authorities and the law on fines for such posts.
Both laws came into force in March this year.
The final text of the bill will be published after public debate and independent anti-corruption expertise.
According to the explanatory note, amendments to the Police Act are due to enter into force in January 2020.
On March 18, President Vladimir Putin signed a law to punish “clear disrespect for the state ” on the Internet.
According to this document, Roskomnadzor warns the resource of the violation and gives it a day to eliminate it.
For the first violation of the prohibitions, a fine of 30 to 300 thousand rubles is provided, and for the second violation-administrative arrest for a period of up to 15 days.
On April 12, Roskomnadzor first applied this rule to the media, blocking the Yaroslavl edition 76.ru.
Soon after, the Saudi District Court of Novgorod Region fined a local resident 30 thousand rubles for posting on the network "two records with information in an indecent form that offends human dignity and public morality and expresses clear disrespect for society, the state, authorities exercising state power in the Russian Federation."
The deadline for lowering mortgage rates has been set
Rates on housing loans in Russia will decrease until the end of the 2019th.
This was stated by the general director of the credit organization Dom.rf, Alexander Plutnik, reports Interfax.
As Plutnik noted at the college of Minsk Russia, most banks in the remaining months of the year will conduct another cycle of lowering mortgage rates, and the market average will reach 8.9%-the level provided for by the national project “Housing and the urban environment ”.
According to the project passport, in 2019 the average mortgage rate should be 8.9 per cent, in 2021-8.5 per cent, and by 2024-7.9 per cent.
The programme provides for “the provision of affordable housing for middle-income families, including the creation of acquisition opportunities (their construction of housing using a mortgage, at a rate of less than 8 per cent) ”.
Earlier in September, it became known that one of the largest players in the Russian mortgage market-Sberbank-plans to conduct another reduction in housing credit rates before the end of the 2019th.
Will phytoestrogenes and phytoandrogenes help prolong youth?
The topic of phytoandrogenes is poorly studied.
Of the most famous are pine pollen.
But phytoestrogens are well researched and have a positive effect on the body.
They reduce the risks of certain diseases associated with age (among them cardiovascular, some types of cancer).
Known sources of phytoestrogens are all beans (the most popular is soy), chmel, linen seeds.
However, many specialists believe that such BADs can not be a full replacement for natural hormones.
The possible harm from such additives can not be excluded.
For example, against the background of their admission, the production of their own hormones can decrease due to the fact that too many analogues from outside enter the body.
Veretennikov called for the revival of the Kazakh "Genis".
Former striker "Rotor" and the Russian national team Oleg Veretennikov joined the action to revive the Kazakh "Genis".
The club from Astana, which in different years was called "Dinamo", "Celinnik", "Astana" and "Genis", was disbanded in 2014.
Veretennikov defended his colors in 2004 and 2008.
"He found out about the revival of the football club Genis, organized by his fans.
I couldn't stay away!
I spent a season and a half at this club.
These were not the best times in terms of results and funding, but I will never forget this club and its dedicated fans, who have always been with the team!
I will always remember the Munaitpasov Stadium, where I scored my 200th ball in my career!
"Genius" should be reborn!
He has a huge story and beautiful fans.
I wish them all the best and believe that the city authorities will return their native club to them! "Veretennikov wrote on Instagram.
Bastion complex launched the Onix rocket on Chukotka
The battleships first launched a cruise missile from the Bastion complex on Chukotka.
Onyx started at a distance of 350 kilometers from the target, and 200 of them flew over the land, which is a record for this type of missile.
The security of the shooting was provided by about 10 warships and ships of the Pacific Fleet, as well as naval aircraft, reported to the Department of Information and Mass Communications of the MO of the Russian Federation.
Previously, Bastion complexes were never used on the Chukotka.
The Hydrometer Center called faithful folk signs
In Russia, there are many popular adoptions by which people try to predict the weather.
Unfortunately, not all of them work.
The Hydrometer Center checked all the signs that allegedly work.
Meteorologists have come to the conclusion that only two of them can really be trusted, though, in the short term.
As the scientific director of the Russian Hydrometer Center, Roman Wilfand, said, if the sun is red during the sunset, then the next day will really be burned, as our ancestors noticed.
And if the sky shone white, then the next day it will rain.
The second working sign is based on bird observation.
They often talk about stoves, if they fly low, then this is usually to rain.
This is explained simply-when the humidity of the air is great, then the mosquitoes are wet with wings and the feathers are forced to decline in order to hunt insects, TASS writes.
There are people's signs on different continents.
Surgery Day is a traditional folk holiday in the United States and Canada, celebrated annually on February 2.
It is believed that on this day you need to observe a sign coming out of your hole to determine the time of spring coming.
Unidentified oil spots were found on the beaches of northeast Brazil
Oil spots of unknown origin were found on 99 beaches in northeast Brazil.
The pollution shells turned out to be scattered two thousand kilometers of the coastline.
The first oil spills discovered began to be reported as early as September 2nd.
However, every day until Thursday, their number, as well as territorial coverage, continued to increase.
The Brazilian Institute of the Environment conducted a chemical analysis of the identified samples.
It turned out that all of them are identical and this is precisely about crude oil.
In the state oil corporation Petrobras, which was transferred to the analysis of the found samples, they stated that in their composition they did not correspond to oil extracted from deposits in Brazil.
"It's thick oil.
It can be dropped from one of the ships after cleaning the reservoirs.
Many continue to do this.
And most likely she got into the oceanic course, "told Brazilian news portal G1 the coordinator of the oil workers union of the states of Pernambuco and Paraíba Roderio Almeida.
He also added that, despite the prohibition of this practice, many ships continued to dump waste on the high seas.
On the beaches of four of the eight affected states of the northeast of the country, environmentalists discovered nine sea turtles completely covered with oil film.
And only two of them were saved.
In the coming days, the Brazilian Institute of the Environment, together with Petrobras, will begin cleaning polluted beaches.
In the meantime, the institute ’s specialists recommend that tourists and local residents bypass oil spots and notify all discovered sites of pollution.
Medvedev commissioned a review of the standards of operation of the dormitories
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev instructed Rospotrebnadzor, Minyusto, Minnesota and Minpromtorg, together with the business ombudsman and the business community, to revise the sanitary and epidemiological rules and norms for the organizations of the dormitory.
They will also have to study the transition to the application in the organization of nutrition of the requirements established by the technical regulations of the Eurasian Economic Union.
The departments should submit their proposals to the government no later than October 15, according to the list of instructions of Mr. Medvedev following the results of the September 11 program “Dialogue ” on the television channel“ Russia 24 ”.
By the same date, Mr. Medvedev instructed all the above-mentioned departments, in addition to the Ministry of Justice, to submit proposals for conducting, as of January 1, 2020, an experiment to limit control activities for organizations of the dormitory in a number of regions, among which Moscow, Tatarstan and Kaliningrad region.
The Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Economy were instructed to submit to the Government, before 11 November, a bill amending the CoAP to apply administrative suspension of activities for violation of nutritional requirements that caused health damage.
In addition, the Ministry of Labor, the Ministry of Economy, Rospotrebnadzor and Infina need to work on the gradual transition from 2021 to the formation of a consumer basket based on a basic set of products that allows the formation of a full-fledged diet of healthy food.
Recall, the outdated standards of requirements were talked about by the business community after one cafe from the Anderson network was closed.
The business community demanded the abolition of existing Sannes, Rospotnadzor announced the joint development of new ones.
The list included 33 departments.
Meanwhile, Rospotrebnadzor intends to reduce the number of sanitary norms and rules by 40 times by 2021.
Currently, the operatives are in possession of information about three theft involving the detainee.
He was armed by a man in the Skuratov microdistrict of Tula.
He stole batteries and machine magnets from the cars.
Of the two cars-VAZ-2106 and VAZ-2107-the kidnapper took batteries, presumably for further sale.
"And from another VAZ-2107 machine for the same purpose, the attacker took the automagnetol and sabwifer," the UMVD reported in the Tula region.
The manned attacker probably intended to resell.
Currently, a 26-year-old unemployed person is detained.
Russians have nothing to save themselves from retirement-V. Matvienko
Federation Council Speaker Valentin Matvienko believes that Russians do not have enough savings to make the draft law on a guaranteed pension product fully operational in the country.
The practice of increasing pensions from personal savings is quite common in the world.
Another thing is how timely we have its introduction.
“In my opinion, now a significant part of the population has incomes, of which they simply have nothing to allocate to increase pensions in the future, ” said V. Matvienko.
Russians, according to the speaker, can not understand the mechanisms for the formation and assessment of pensions, since "constant changes in this area have completely confused them."
This does not mean that I am against improving the pension system governing its legislation.
“Russia is a social state, and we must do everything to ensure that the size of pensions and the social protection of citizens improve.
But steps in this direction should be thoughtful, responsible, taking into account domestic realities, "said V. Matvienko," RIA Novosti. "
The head of the SF stressed that if this initiative (the draft law on a guaranteed pension product) were to develop, several basic principles must be provided, including volunteering, tax preferences for citizens and employers, and strict guarantees and the responsibility of the state to ensure the preservation of pension savings.
The Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation announced on September 6 that it was sent to agree on a draft bill on a guaranteed pension product (PPP).
Among its main elements are the exclusively voluntary procedure for citizens to join the savings system, the guarantee of the preservation of long-term pension savings of citizens by the state, the registration of citizens' savings accounts by the central administrator, tax breaks for business and tax deductions for citizens.
Spider-Man remains in the novelty Marvel.
Sony and Disney agreed
The rights-holder of the Getty Images Image capture illustration The news of the departure of a beloved superhero from the Kinoved Marvel aroused anger among many dedicated fans
One of the most famous comic book heroes-Spider-Man-will remain in the movie Marvel.
Disney and Sony Pictures managed to agree on the rights to use it in franchise films.
This became known from Sony's press release, which states that the third part of Spider-Man with Tom Holland will be released on July 16, 2021.
It was previously reported that Disney and Sony Pictures could not reach a consensus on income sharing, due to which Spider-Man would leave the kindergarten Marvel.
Sony owns the rights to the movie hero.
She rented them for Marvel films, which is owned by Disney.
As a result, Sony received revenue from the proceeds in the cinemas, and Disney from souvenirs and toys.
It was reported that at some point this situation ceased to suit Disney, and the company wanted to revise the agreement.
Marvel Studios president Kevin Feigi said he was delighted.
It is amazing that the journey of Spider [Spider-Man] in the kindergarten of Marvel will continue.
"All of us at Marvel Studios are very happy to be able to continue working on it.
Spider-Man is a familiar figure.
This is a hero whose story affects all generations and audiences around the world, "his press release says.
At the same time, Feigi recalled that Sony also creates its own kindergarten, built just around Spider-Man.
"So it happened that he was the only superpower hero to find himself in different kindergartens.
So while Sony continues to develop its own Spider-Universe, the future can bring unexpected surprises, "he noted.
Tom Holland, who played Spider-Man in five films, apparently commenting on the news, posted on his Instagram account an excerpt from the film "Wall Street Wolf", in which the hero Leonardo di Caprio shouts "I'm not leaving!"
Information about contradictions between companies appeared in August.
According to media reports, Disney wanted to receive half of the cash proceeds from Spider-Man films, provided that both companies would pay half the cost of making paintings.
But it didn't suit Sony.
The news of the possible departure of a beloved superhero from the crowned Marvel aroused anger among many loyal fans.
Details of the new conditions are not yet disclosed.
According to CNBC, Sony refused to comment on the agreement, but stated: “We have cooperated perfectly over the past four years, and our joint desire to continue working together was commensurate with the wishes of many fans [Spider-Man].
We are glad that we can go forward together. "
The film "Avengers: The Final", which united Spider-Man, Tora, Hulk and other Marvel superheroes, became the most cassette in the history of world cinema, moving from the first place "Avatar".
The President of Belarus was invited to visit Crimea
The head of the Belarusian community of Crimea Roman Chegrinz invited Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko to visit the peninsula.
The main dream is to transfer power by inheritance
What was the 25-year rule of Lukashenko in Belarus remembered
In his view, closer economic interaction with Belarus would benefit the region.
Chegrinc expressed confidence that Belarusian enterprises would come to Crimea after Lukashenko, RIA Novosti reports.
On September 26, the President of Belarus responded negatively to a question from a Ukrainian journalist about the return of Crimea to Ukraine.
According to the Belarusian leader, he does not consider this possible in the foreseeable future: "This issue is closed once and for all."
However, in Kiev and in the West, the results of the vote were not recognized.
Lukashenko described the reasons for the continuation of the conflict in Donbas
The famous blogger Andrei Poltava was searched: what is known at the moment
On Friday, September 27, in Poltava, searches take place at the home of relatives of volunteer and blogger Andrei Karpova, known as Andrei Poltava.
This was reported by the blogger himself on Facebook, noting that he does not live at this address.
In addition, Poltava writes that he once again received a message to the e-mail of this content: "We report that in the territory... I left an improvised bomb.
A second similar explosive device, laid in the car, will be detonated today near the house of the famous Ukrainian propagandist Karpov Andrei Anatolievich (aka Andrei Poltava)...
Death to the caravan. "
Karpov believes that his activities as a volunteer, politician and blogger do not like Russian occupiers.
The Poltava subscribers are sure that he makes the necessary transfers and wants him strength and friction.
Recall, Poltava talks with Russians about the war in Donbass, the annexation of Crimea, about peace, politics, and then puts the video on the Internet.
The blogger ran for the Verkhovna Rada from the European Solidarity Party.
He now conducts television broadcasts on the channel "Direct", where he severely criticizes Russian propaganda.
In 2017, according to ICTV, Karpov was recognized as the best blogger in Ukraine.
Riigikogu: Estonia wants to make the 2050 climate targets even more ambitious
The Chairperson of the commission, Anneli Ott, noted that three hearings had taken place so far in the commission.
Experts, entrepreneurs and representatives of the Ministry of Environment presented their vision of achieving carbon neutrality in Estonia.
“The review will make it possible to argue that, together with other EU member states, Estonia is actively looking for opportunities to make the climate goals for 2050 even more ambitious and agree on ways to achieve them, ” said Ott.
The Chairperson added that the Government had also scheduled a discussion on the analysis of Estonia's increasing climate ambitions for 3 October.
The resulting decision will continue to be discussed in the Riigikogu Commissions.
The deputy chairman of the commission, Riina Sikkkut, said that Estonia needed a clear plan to achieve climate goals, agreed with all stakeholders.
International agreements and the high cost of a carbon quota will be anyway.
“In addition to energy, within the framework of domestic discussions, Riigikogu could focus on measures in agriculture, transport, forestry and housing.
The socio-economic impact of all changes must be taken into account, "Sikkkut emphasized.
This fall, the Riigikogu Commission for European Union Affairs launched a series of parliamentary hearings to prepare a decision with which Estonia will participate in the EU negotiations on climate goals for 2050.
Chelsea will lure Neymar a record salary
The English leadership of Chelsea expressed a desire to acquire the French PSG striker Neymar.
This is reported by El Desmarque.
According to the publication, the London club will make the Parisians an offer in the summer transfer window.
It is noted that Chelsea is going to pay PSG 300 million euros, and Neymar is going to offer a contract with a salary of 42 million euros, which will make him the highest paid player in the world.
The Brazilian this summer declared his desire to return to Barcelona.
Neymar, according to media reports, did not want to stay in PSG, but in the end did not manage to leave for another club in the past transfer window.
After that, Parisian fans publicly turned to the football player, expressing dissatisfaction with his actions.
In Rostov region, the child was amputated by a medical error
In Rostov region, an 11-year-old boy lost his hand due to a doctor ’s mistake.
This is described in a note published on Internet media pages.
According to EA REGNUM, the child was taken to the Zernograd hospital with a broken arm.
The boy was put on a plaster, after which the gangrena developed.
As a result, the limb had to be amputated.
The quoted material states that Roszdravnadzor officials found in the medical institution “violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis of the child, as well as the standard and amount of assistance provided during the first stage of treatment ”.
The incident will be verified by the investigators.
In the Penza region, a car hit a woman with two children
A car hit a woman with a baby in a wheelchair and a three-year-old son in the Penza region, one child died.
This was reported to Interfax by the head of the UMVD press service for the Olga Yevdokimov region.
The accident occurred in the Serdoba district on Friday evening.
The agency ’s interlocutor clarified that the woman was walking in a wayward direction on the side of the Kolyaska, where the baby was born in 2019, and with her son born in 2016.
Ford Focus driver knocked down all three.
As a result, the eldest boy died.
The youngest child is taken unconscious to the hospital.
The woman has no injuries, she was released after examination.
According to Yevdokimova, the perpetrator of the accident tried to leave the scene, but was promptly detained.
According to preliminary data, the driver was drunk, he was sent to a medical examination.
An accident is being verified.
In Krasnodar, a high-ranking ex-policeman from the CBD is detained
Order guards detained Sergei Rybnikov in Krasnodar in the rented apartment of the former head of the operational search unit of the Ministry of Internal Affairs ’s own security on Kabardino-Balkaria.
He has been wanted since May as part of a bribery case, writes RIA Novosti with reference to representatives of the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs and the SKR.
The man was taken to the investigation unit.
The case file was placed in custody, before which he was charged in absentia.
According to law enforcement agencies, in 2017-2018, officials of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in the Kabardino-Balkar Republic received a bribe of 42 million rubles.
For this money, they did not prevent the illegal transport of alcohol-containing products within the region.
16 people are running the cases.
However, 14 of them were detained at the initial stage of the investigation.
Oleg Winnick landed at the Peacemaker Base: What happened
Popular Ukrainian singer Oleg Vinnik, who starred in the # All-World project with Russian stars who supported the Kremlin ’s policy towards Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea, entered the Peacemaker base.
A message about this appeared on the official website of the base.
The description refers to the fact that Vinnik became a participant in the Russian propaganda anti-Ukrainian action # Ommir, aimed at transferring the responsibility of the war unleashed by Russia (the aggressor country) to Ukraine.
Recall, the video was attended by Vladimir Posner, Mirei Mathieu (France), Alessandro Safina (Italy), Valeria, Soso Pavaliashvili, Igor Kruta, Zara, Tamara Gverdziteli, Denis Klever, Valery Sutkin, Dmitry Malikov, Maksim Pokrovsky, Yana Poplavsky, Maksim Avery.
Most of the participants in the flashmob publicly support the Kremlin ’s aggressive policy.
Vinnik became the only Ukrainian participant in the project.
The singer's press service previously explained that the artist took part in a project in support of the International Day of Peace, which is celebrated on September 21, and did not change his patriotic position.
Recall, a wave of indignation arose on the network.
The video itself is called bullying.
How can artists who visited the occupied Crimea, who support Putin ’s policies, which launched the war in the Donbas, where people die almost every day, talk about peace?
Four people were convicted of a series of dach robberies in Khabarovsk
In Khabarovsk, the court sentenced four residents of the village of Druzhba, who for two years robbed gifts in the comrades "Space" and "Rainbow" in the area of the Black River.
This is reported on September 27 by IA "Khabarovsky Territory Today".
The criminal group included previously unsurprised men 31 and 37 years old and two brothers 21 and 24 years old.
It was found that the mastermind of the crimes was the eldest of the brothers who, in his youth, sat in a juvenile colony.
On his own, he robbed nine houses, later the rest connected.
The damage from each of the theft was from three to 21 thousand rubles.
The criminals carried away stoves, refrigerators, curtains, buckets, gas cylinders, chairs, tubes and many other objects.
They were detained thanks to a working security alarm in the last house.
The defendants were found guilty of theft committed with unlawful entry into the home, causing significant damage by a group of persons on the basis of prior collusion.
“The brothers are sentenced to 3 years 6 months in prison in the general regime colony, two other defendants-to 2 years 10 months and 1 year 6 months in suspended prison, ” the senior assistant prosecutor of the Khabarov district Yulia Vasiliev agency quotes.
Medvedev: Cochorin continues training on an individual program
Forward of St. Petersburg's "Zenita" Alexander Kokorin continues training on an individual program after his release on parole, TASS reports with reference to the general director of the collective Alexander Medvedev.
Last Thursday, September 26, the attacker began training with Zenito 2.
Photo with Kokorin on his Instagram posted the mentor of the second team of blue-white-blue Vladislav Radimov.
Medvedev previously reported that Cochorin might play for Zenit in a friendly match in the fall.
In official meetings, the forward will be able to prove itself after January 22, 2020, it must be registered in the nearest transfer window.
Recall, on October 8, 2018, Kokorin, his younger brother Kirill, the hawbek of "Krasnodar" Pavel Mamaev and children's coach Alexander Protasovitsky staged a series of fights in the center of Moscow.
The athletes who signed beat three people.
For a long time, they were in SIZO.
In May 2019, the court sentenced them to real prison terms.
The brothers of Kokorinov were sent to prison for a year and a half, Mamaev and Pratasovitsky for 1 year and 5 months.
In September 2019, the court granted the request of athletes, with the exception of Protasovitsky, for parole.
The first battles according to the rules of Alexander Yemellanenko will take place on November 29.
The first MMA fights according to the rules that Alexander Yemelyanenko came up with will take place in Moscow on November 29-in the anderkard of the boxing match between Yemelyanenko and the stronghold Mikhail Kokaliev.
We lost the fighting in sight, ” said Yemellanenko in an interview with “SE ”.
There's no one to look at.
So I came up with a new kind of mixed contestants -- Universal World Fight.
The rules are three different rounds.
MMA is a sport where all martial arts are collected.
A mixed-style fighter must be able to do everything-and work in a counter, and fight, and work in a boat.
The first round is only a drummer in the counter.
The second round is only a struggle, with the time for a reception in the park limited to 30 seconds.
The third round is all allowed.
When will the first tournament be held according to the rules that you came up with?
November 29.
In the anderkard of our fight with Kolyaev.
But it is not yet known how many battles will be.
A veteran and his wife were killed in a Russian city
A veteran of the Great Domestic War and his wife were killed in Ryazan.
This is reported on the website of the regional Investigative Committee.
The bodies of men and women were found in their apartment in 1928 and 1930.
It is noted that they found signs of violent death.
A criminal case has been opened for this.
The investigation checks various versions, including those related to the selfish motive of the murder.
The investigation is ongoing.
On August 24, it was reported that a man who killed a 92-year-old veteran for drug money was detained in Kaluga.
It is noted that an elderly man was hit at least ten times.
Criminal proceedings were instituted under article 111, paragraph 4, of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (“Intentionally causing serious harm to health, which caused the death of the victim by negligence ”).
Later, the Telegram channel Mash reported that a suspect in the murder five years ago glass a veteran balcony.
"Kamaz Master" will put four crew on Dakar 2020
On Friday, September 27, a press conference “Kamaz Master ” was held in the Naberzhny Chelns, at which team leader Vladimir Chagin named the names of the riders who will take part in the Dakar 2020 rally.
The Russian team on the rally marathon will be represented by four crews who will perform on the CamAZ-43509 trucks: the current Dakar champion Edward Nikolaev, the winner of the Silk Put-2019 rally Anton Shibalov, as well as Andrei Karginov and Dmitry Sotnikov.
Currently, the process of preparing the team for the Dakar 2020 rally has entered the final stage.
According to the team's press service.
On December 5, 6, the French Marseille will undergo initial technical inspections and steam loading to send the equipment of the participants in the race to the Arabian Peninsula.
Recall that, starting in 2020, the Dalar rally marathon changes deployment.
After 10 years on South American routes, the organizers of the race signed a five-year contract with Saudi Arabia.
The 42nd Dakar account starts on January 5 from the Red Sea coast from Jeddah.
On January 11, the participants will spend a day of rest in the capital of the Kingdom of Riyadh, and finally the finish of the race is scheduled for January 17 in the town of Kiddia.
Trade with Russia is not just tanks
Trade between Russia and India can double due to the geopolitical situation.
This was discussed at the Fifth Anniversary Forum of Small and Medium Business of the SCO and BRICS regions by Manish Kumar, Deputy Director of the Confederation of Indian Industry.
It is important for us to learn from the SCO and BRICS countries, including Russia, ” the guest from Delhi emphasized.
- In our confederation, 9,000 direct members and 300,000 partner companies from 130 countries.
All this is a small and medium-sized business that cooperates with the countries of the Shanghai Organization.
And we are not standing still, but developing, and all these sanctions against Russia and the geopolitical situation in general only help us all grow.
Our bilateral trade now exceeds $10 billion, but these figures can be doubled by half.
First of all, through new technologies in the field of health care, artificial intelligence and robotics.
Our trade is not just tanks and heavy industry.
According to Manish Kumar, India has already established the first contacts with modern centers in Russia.
For example, a delegation from Delhi and other cities recently visited Skolkovo and Innopolis.
We signed a memorandum on the creation of systems in which we can build our modern business.
After all, entrepreneurship is not a whim, but a necessity.
We need a step towards economic well-being.
We need to expand, attract small and medium-sized businesses, and together with Russia, China and other countries, we will certainly do this, ” the Indian industrialist emphasized.
Recall, Ufa hosts the Small and Medium Business Forum of the SCO and BRICS regions for the fifth time in a row.
From September 25 to 27, more than 2,800 people from Russia and 31 other countries of the world participated in the forum.
As part of a working trip to Tsedsk, the governor of the Tyumen region, Alexander Moor, took part in the solemn opening of the Sokolovsky Watershed after reconstruction.
Now its performance is 25,000 cubic meters per day.
The reconstruction of the water abstraction was carried out as part of the implementation of the federal project “Clean Water ” under the environmental project.
Investors helped the authorities: Sokolovsky water abstraction was another example of the use of the private-state partnership mechanism.
The Tyumen region has unique experience for the country in this area of interaction between federal structures, regional authorities, local administration and a private investor.
New artesian wells appeared on the site.
Pump stations were built above them.
Water purification and decontamination equipment was reconstructed.
As a result, Sokolovsky water abstraction will provide tobolites with quality drinking water.
In the plans of the princess Sokolovsky and Zhukovsky voyages.
Then Tseduck will be able to completely switch to underground water sources.
Wagai will expand water treatment facilities
In Congress, Trump's conversation with Zelensky saw a "Russian footprint"
In the lower house of the US Congress, the Russian Federation was accused of involvement in a scandal caused by a telephone conversation between the head of the White House, Donald Trump, and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky.
The suggestion that “Russians ” might somehow stand behind this story was made by the speaker of the House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, reports MSNBC News.
“Russia, I believe, put the hand to this, ” the Democrat said, but did not give further comments.
The Pelosi-led Democrats, who hold the majority in the chamber, previously announced the initiation of impeachment proceedings against the president.
This happened after Trump was complained about by an intelligence informant.
The informant suspected that in a conversation with Zelensky in July, Trump put pressure on his interlocutor for Ukraine to start a case against the son of former Vice President Joseph Biden, and the latter could become a competitor to Trump in the elections a year later.
The White House had to provide congressmen and the public with a transcript of a scandalous conversation.
Nornickel will pay 139.8 billion rubles for dividends as a result of the first half of the year
Norilsky nickel will direct 139.88 billion rubles (about $2.1 billion) to dividends as a result of the first half of 2019.
The decision was made at an extraordinary meeting of shareholders.
It is noted that the payment for one share will be 883.93 rubles.
“Shareholders approved on October 7, 2019 the date on which those eligible for dividends are determined, ” the company ’s press service said.
According to the Moscow Exchange at 18:03, the value of one Nornickel stock increased by 1.04%-to 16.5 thousand rubles.
Wang Yi met with UN General A. Guterres
State Council member, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with UN Secretary General António Guterres at UN headquarters in New York on Thursday.
As A. Guterres said at the meeting, China plays a crucial role in creating a multipolar world.
The UN is grateful to the Chinese government for its strong support and fruitful cooperation, and also appreciates the important contribution made by China to the international fight against poverty, combating climate change and creating a green “Belt and Way ”.
He wished to deepen cooperation with China in the areas of security, peace and sustainable development, and expected China to continue to play a leading role in combating climate change and other areas.
Wang Yi, in turn, noted that multipolarity is an inevitable trend, and every country has the right to development.
Multipolarity can not be realized without multilateralism, the symbols of which are the basic purposes and principles established in the UN Charter.
According to the minister, China advocates a more active role for the UN, supports the work of the Secretary General of the world organization and strictly adheres to the basic ideas and principles of the UN Charter.
Next year will mark the 75th anniversary of the founding of the UN, and the Chinese side intends to use this opportunity to strengthen cooperation with the world organization in order to jointly create a beautiful future for the whole world.
Philippine President Duterte will come to Russia for five days
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will come to Russia in October, reports TASS with reference to the representative of the Philippine Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Amelita Aquino.
It is specified that Duterte will come to the Russian Federation on October 1.
His visit to Russia will last until October 5.
Aquino said that the president of the Philippines is going to the Russian Federation at the invitation of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
Duterte will participate in the Valdai Club meeting in Sochi.
The Philippine leader will also visit Moscow.
In the capital, Duterte will take part in a Russian-Philippine business forum and give a lecture at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO).
According to Aquino, the main event of the trip will be a meeting of two presidents.
Leaders are expected to discuss the state of bilateral relations and how countries can further enhance cooperation in various areas.
It is noted that the meeting of the Philippine leader with the Russian will be the fourth in number.
For the first time, the presidents met in 2016 at the APEC summit in Peru.
In May 2017, the head of the Philippines visited the Russian Federation, and another meeting of leaders took place in November 2017 on the margins of the APEC summit in Vietnam.
Previously, it was reported that Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte allowed citizens to shoot bribe officials.
Elon Musk responded in Russian to an "unusual invitation" to come to Krasnodar for a business forum
The founder of Tesla and SpaceX, Ilon Musk, responded to the invitation of the organizers of the Krasnodar business-forum to attend the event.
Billiarder wrote a comment under one of the posted photos with a "guest bill" at the office of his company.
Earlier, one of the organizers of the Case for Small forum posted a billboard in the California city of Hawthorne with the inscription "Kak tebe takoe?", and on the other hand posted the site welcomeelon.com.
There is also a special QR code that will help move to the forum website and get acquainted with all the information.
“The language is well hung, ” the inventor wrote in Russian in response to the invitation, reports teleprogramma.pro.
It is not yet known what exactly Musk meant by his answer, but many Russians, including forum speakers, hope for a billionaire performance.
Meanwhile, the Evening Urgant program has already presented what kind of outfit a billionaire in Krasnodar could appear in.
The businessmen dressed up in a Cossack outfit and suggested that Koubani Musk was presenting: an electric shawl, an electroplet, and an electric eater for a horse.
A famous land art artist created a portrait of Greta Tunberg
Sooner or later, it had to happen.
The image of Greta Tunberg was perpetuated by a tractor on the field.
The activist portrait was created by the famous Land Art artist Dario Gambarin.
A 16-year-old schoolgirl from Sweden, suffering from Asperger syndrome, became famous after speaking at the UN Assembly.
The activist accused all adults of stealing childhood and dreams from the young generation, polluting the planet and depriving the future on the pretext of economic development.
Greta is nominated for an alternative Nobel Peace Prize, she can become her youngest owner, and the media inadvertently call the schoolgirl the most influential teenager in the world.
The U.S. Congress agreed to sell F-35 fighters to Poland
Warsaw also plans to receive F-135 engines and related equipment
The United States Congress approved the sale of 32 fifth-generation F-35 fighter bombers to the Polish side.
This was reported by the Minister of National Defence of the Republic, Mariusz Blaszak.
According to his data, Warsaw will receive not only aircraft, but also 33 turbocharged dual-circuit F-135 Pratt Whitney engines, as well as related equipment.
The starting cost of the contract is $6.5 billion.
"This is one of the last steps before the conclusion of the treaty, but this is not the end of our work.
We will do everything possible to get the most profitable price possible, "Blaszak wrote on his Twitter page.
The site kp.ru wrote that the American F-35 would have to replace the Polish-armed Mig 29 and Su-22 Soviet-made.
A bilateral deal is expected to increase the security of the republic.
The Russian Ministry of Defense published a video of the launch of the Onicks supersonic rocket on Chukotka
The Pacific Fleet Bastion Coast Complex first launched the Oniks supersonic cruise missile.
The launch video was published by the Russian Ministry of Defense on Twitter.
According to the Zvezda channel, the rocket flew in regular mode.
The rocket successfully hit a target that was in the waters of the Chukota Sea at a distance of more than 200 km.
The safety of maneuvers was provided by about 10 warships, as well as naval aircraft.
The technician and soldiers were brought to the site of the exercises on the landing ship.
The shooting at a sea target more than 200 kilometres was calculated
Rospotrebnadzor is categorically opposed to returning chicken to airports
Rospotnadzor is categorically opposed to the return of chicken to airports.
“Neither ventilation nor filters, even taken together, can reduce the impact of tobacco smoke to levels that are considered permissible, ” the report notes.
Izvestia reported on Friday that the Ministry of Health had prepared amendments to the second reading of the bill, according to which it is proposed to arrange two chickens for the airport.
The expert told me why we should give up tea in packets.
A group of scientists from Canada representing McGill University found that when a bag of tea is cooked, more than ten billion particles of microplastics fall into a cup in five minutes.
The packaged drink can also add opium particles, said Nation News food security expert Elizabeth Tikhonova.
According to agronoma, the consumer can not get reliable information about the composition of the packaged tea-the manufacturer can add ingredients there that will not be indicated on the package.
The peaks at the end of the season do not throw away, so they may end up in tea.
"Moreover, it is not always tea plants that are included in packets," Tikhonova said.
According to her, it is better to refuse to use such a drink in favor of tea by weight, which is sold in specialized stores.
In addition, she stressed that the danger of packaged tea lies not only in the composition, but also in the method of its production-microparticles heat up to high temperatures, so that they can begin to emit harmful substances.
"It is best to acquire clean green or black tea-in such a drink there will be the least addition," the expert pointed out.
Arctic development issues will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk
Arctic development issues will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk.
The forum was organized by the Norilsk Development Agency and the Taimyr Research Club, according to the GTRK Krasnoyarsk.
The reports were brought by scientists from Russian cities-Moscow, St. Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Saleharda, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk, Dudinka.
Foreign guests came from Holland and Canada.
One of the central themes of the forum is how to develop the urban environment in the Arctic and not harm nature at the same time.
The guests of the forum will also be able to visit interactive sites at the Noril State Industrial Institute.
And in the Motherland movie theater, movie lovers are waiting-there will be screenings of science-popular films about the Arctic region.
At creative meetings, travelers and scientists will talk about their experience with the Arctic.
The forum will last three days.
Northern Walking Festival will be held in Ulyanovsk
Residents of the Ulyanovsk region will take part in the festival of northern walking.
A mass start will take place in the Coastal Park.
Participants in the festival will be teams from different cities and districts of the Ulyanovsk region, which won in the municipal stages.
They are mainly composed of residents of the region over 50 years old.
The project aims to attract the older generation to active pastime, reports 1ul.ru.
The city stage of the festival was held on September 7 immediately in six parks.
Participants had to overcome the northern walking distance of 3 km.
The winner was determined by the amount of years of participants in the team.
The regional festival will take place on September 28.
Regions were invited to share business support secrets
As the Parliamentary Newspaper became aware, on 27 September, Andrei Kutepov, Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy, sent a letter to Maxima Oreshkin, Minister of Economic Development, and Anton Siluanov, Minister of Finance, inviting them to take a position on the initiatives of the Federation entities to improve legislation in support of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
Time to establish interregional links
The Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy compiled information from the regions on their business development and self-employment legalization programmes, as well as on the results of such programmes.
In their letters, the regions told the senators about the problems of SME development and sent proposals for improving existing legislation.
“Today, communication between regions is not well established, as a result of which the business community in all regions of the senatorial visit identified the lack of information on regional entrepreneurship development programs in general across the country, ” Andrei Kutepov noted.
In an annex to the letter sent to the Government, he presented a set of positive regional experiences on the legalization of self-employment and a summary of proposals and issues from the regions (available).
In addition to the line ministries, consolidated data from the regions are also sent to the heads of regional executive bodies.
The exchange of information on good practices in the regions could give impetus to enterprise development in general.
The first step towards such an exchange will be to send the information available to the Committee on Economic Policy, "the Senator told the Parliamentary Gazette.
Useful experience
Today, many regions of the country have adopted and successfully implemented programmes to support small and medium-sized businesses.
For example, the Volodsk Region has an Enterprise Support Centre which, in addition to financial support measures, assists businessmen in the certification of finished products.
In the Ivanovo region, a business support system has been developed, providing for the implementation of the single window principle through multifunctional centers.
In Krasnodar Krai, starting agricultural consumer cooperatives are provided with grants from the funds of the provincial budget.
The Orlovsk region has a cluster development center.
The Amur region, as part of the federal project “Accommodation of Small and Medium-sized Entrepreneurs ”, provides for the possibility of subsidizing business incubators established on the basis of existing non-state cowerking centers from the federal budget.
And in a number of other regions, special support measures are being taken for youth entrepreneurship.
Self-employed continue to be removed from the shadows
In the view of regional authorities, a number of legislative changes should be introduced to better support small and medium-sized businesses.
For example, the Arkhangelsk region proposed replacing the term “self-employment ” with“ entrepreneurial activity ”, since this “is most consistent with the content of the state service to promote self-employment of unemployed citizens ”.
In the Ivanovo region, amendments are considered necessary to expand the range of activities provided by self-employed citizens, including activities for the separation and repair of residential premises, dachments, and physical training.
The Bryansk region considers it important to strengthen control of unscrupulous dairy producers through the Mercury veterinary system.
And in the Kostroma and Magadan regions, they advocate the inclusion in the legal framework of the concept of “social entrepreneurship ” and the areas of support for social entrepreneurship.
All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of government programs to support small and medium-sized enterprises, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills.
“All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state programs to support small and medium-sized enterprises, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills, ” Andrei Kutepov assured.
The airline helped passengers avoid neighbors with crying children
Japan Airlines (JAL) launched a new feature: when booking seats on the plane, you can now find out where small children will sit.
Now, if you want to be neighbors with them, you can avoid.
Japanese airline Japan Airlines (JAL) passengers were given the opportunity to take advantage of the new option and avoid an undesirable neighborhood with small children.
The airline launched a function that allows you to track where the children will sit.
When selecting seats in the salon during the booking of tickets, passengers will be able to see the image of the head of the child in places that are occupied by children between the ages of eight days and two years.
Thus, those who do not want to fly next to the babies due to the possible inconvenience associated with their crying can be as far away from them as possible.
Internet users who use the services of the airline were delighted with the innovation.
Some of them thanked the carrier, noting that other airlines should do the same.
One of the youngsters complained that he had flown from New York to Doha a few weeks ago, and three crying children were sitting next to him.
Another commentator suggested introducing “flights only for adults ”, expressing willingness to pay for such a flight.
Many tourists noted that they will now try to always choose Japan Airlines for their movements, since they see nothing pleasant in flying next to a crying child in a closed space.
Earlier, a woman traveling with a baby tried to get the travelers to get along during the Seoul-San Francisco flight.
She prepared for each of the 200 passengers a bag of sweets, in each of which there was an apology note.
Did the Oleg Tabakova train appear on the metro?
If you constantly use the Kaluga-Riga line (and this is what most of the inhabitants of Konkov do), then a surprise awaits you.
A new thematic train, "The Great Russian Artist Oleg Tabakov", was launched underground.
Every day, this name line carries 10,000 people.
He tours the orange line and talks about the director, actor and founder of the Tabakerka Theater.
By the way, it is convenient to ride from Konkov to performances that play on the new stage of the theater (it is located on Little Sukhavsky Square, next to the subway "Sukharev").
As we were explained in the press service of the Moscow Metro, "in the external design of the thematic train, images of fragments of the stained glass of the new scene are used and portraits of Oleg Tabakov are posted in iconic images created by him in theater, film and animation."
The train tells about his family, the play "The Matross Silence", from which the great life of the theater began, about the Tabakerke itself, about the director's work.
On the walls of the wagons, you can see rare archival images and footage from films.
Russian gays with adopted children sought asylum in the United States
A gay couple of Russians with two adopted children sought asylum in the United States, RIA Novosti reports.
The men reportedly left the Russian Federation for Ukraine, after which they went to the States where they applied for asylum.
According to the Stimulus group, the basis for such actions by the family was “continued interest on the part of law enforcement agencies ”.
Reportedly, men do not plan to return to Russia.
Children have been studying at an American school since the beginning of the school year and are adapting to new conditions.
Recall, it was previously reported that a case had been instituted against employees of the social protection department of the Marjino district due to the adoption by the same-sex family of two young boys.
The HRC stated, however, that the upbringing of children by a same-sex couple should not in itself give rise to a case.
The Izvestia press center will host a press conference of the IATA project "SEZON STIHOV Third Stage. Poetry"
On October 3, at 11:00, an announcing press conference will take place at the Izvestia press center: The start of the project "SEZON STIHOV: The Third Stage. Poetry" in MHAT by M. Gorky.
Eduard Bojakov, art director of MHAT. M. Gorky, director of the project.
Ivan Kupreyanov, poet, producer of the project.
Dmitry Vodennikov, poet.
Irina Lindt, theater and film actress.
Alexey Schmelev, poet.
In the new season, the third scene of MHAT by M. Gorky will become the territory of total poetry.
As part of the extensive program, performances will be shown, based on the verses of the main poets of modernity.
The project team will create a unique poetic world for viewers from poems, music and multimedia images.
The artistic director of the MKHATA, Eduard Boyakov, and the project curator, poet and producer Ivan Kupreyanov, will introduce the first and only theatrical anthology of modern elegant words to date-the project "SEZON STIHOV: The Third Stage. Poetry".
The season opens on October 5 at 19:00 on the Third Stage of MHAT by M. Gorky play of the poet legend, each performance of which becomes a significant event for the values of elegant verbosity, Dmitry Vodennikov.
The performances will take place in October and November.
Each performance is its own author, curator and actor.
The performances will be attended by artists of MKHATA and invited stars: Irina Lindt, Agnia Kuznetsov, Olga Kabo, Alice Grebenschikova.
The musical concept of the project is Sergey Letov.
The curators in the performances will be: Pavel Kruchkov, Maria Golovanivskaya, Eduard Boyakov, Ivan Kupreyanov, etc.
The project is implemented with the support of the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation.
Pavel Ustinov joined the pickets in support of the figures of the "Moscow case"
Actor Pavel Ustinov joined the series of single pickets "Freedom to All", which take place on Friday outside the office of the President of the Russian Federation in Old Square in Moscow, reports Interfax's correspondent.
A series of pickets began on September 18 in support of Ustinov himself and has since continued every day.
Currently, participants in the rally, replacing each other, stand, holding in their hands a poster with the inscription “Freedom to All ” and the names of convicted and arrested after uncoordinated rallies in Moscow in the summer of 2019.
In addition to Ustinov, on the poster the names of Egor Zhukov, Kirill Zhukov, Danil Beglec, Evgeny Kovalenko, Konstantin Kotova, Ivan Podkopayev, Aydar Gubaydulin, Alexei Minyalo, Sergei Fomin, Samariddin Rajabova, Nikita Chirtsov, Eduard Malyshevsky, Vladislav.
On September 16, the Moscow Tver Court sentenced 24-year-old Ustinov to 3.5 years of a general regime colony on charges of using violence against a member of the OMon Rosgwardy in an uncoordinated action on August 3 in the center of Moscow (article 318, paragraph 2, of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation).
After that, on September 20, at the request of the Attorney-General, the court changed the measure of restraint from detention to a sign of non-departure.
Thus, the petition for the release of Ustinov received more than 112,000 signatures in a day.
Theatre and film artists began flashmob in support of a colleague.
To participate in a single picket in solidarity with the actor on September 18, a line was built in Old Square.
The review of the case was demanded by human rights defenders, journalists, academics, teachers, doctors, Orthodox priests.
According to Interfax's sister Ustinov Julia, at a rally on September 29 in the capital in support of the figures of the "Moscow case", her brother does not plan to speak.
Sanctions deliveries to Russia fell 100 times
In the Russian government, it was estimated that the supply of agricultural products and food to Russia from countries that fell under the Russian food embargo has decreased more than 100 times since 2013.
According to a report sent to Russian President Vladimir Putin, in the first half of 2019, 31,000 tons of products were imported from sanctions countries, compared to 3 million 442.2 thousand tons for the same period in 2013, Interfax reports.
At the same time, the value of imported products decreased to $226.5 million from $4 billion 975.5 million, respectively.
This involves the supply of goods that were not subject to the embargo.
As indicated in the report, imports from CIS countries, Africa, South-East Asia and Serbia have been offset by increases in the volume of prohibited imports.
Recall that, at the end of August, the Government extended until 31 December 2020 the rules for the destruction of agricultural products, raw materials and food, which are prohibited from entering Russia as part of counter-sanctions.
A document posted on the official legal information portal noted that the rules had been extended for a further year, from 31 December 2019 to 31 December 2020.
Initially, the destruction order was extended to products from the United States, the EU, Australia, Norway and Canada.
Later, from August 13, 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland, Liechtenstein joined this list, from January 1, 2016-Ukraine.
Putin ’s decree on the destruction of “sanctions ” illegally imported into the country (products that fell under the food embargo that Moscow imposed in response to the anti-Russian sanctions of the West) entered into force in 2015.
In turn, the government allowed the destruction of “sanctions ” food in any legal way.
As Western sanctions continue, the Russian Federation has also extended its response.
However, products that citizens import for personal use are not subject to this measure.
The ban does not apply to the import of goods for personal consumption weighing up to 5 kilograms.
However, the head of the Presidential Council for the Development of Civil Society and Human Rights, Mikhail Fedotov, previously called the “simply immoral ” destruction of food, and this, according to him, negatively affects the upbringing of people.
Moreover, Rospotrebnadzor launched an initiative to ban the destruction of food suitable for use in early June.
After that, the Human Rights Council under the President of the Russian Federation made a similar recommendation to the Government.
And Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexey Gordeev said it was wrong to destroy food products, and you need to think about how you can use them for purpose, evaluating quality.
The head of the firm was found guilty of tax evasion
By order of the Leninsky District Court of the city of Cheboksara, the director of the Land and Law LLC, Vyacheslav Morozov, was found guilty of committing the crimes provided for in article 199, paragraph 2, of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (evasion of taxes from the organization by including in the tax declaration knowingly false information committed in a particularly large amount) and article 327, paragraph 2, of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (forgery of an official document granting rights and relieving the commission of another crime committed in order to facilitate its use).
This is reported by the press service of the investigation department of the SKR in Chuvashia.
From January 2008 to December 2009, Vyacheslav Morozov provided information on outstanding transactions in the tax records of the PLO.
According to the fictitious documents, the company incurred additional costs, and therefore the amounts of value-added taxes payable and the profits of the organization were reduced by 11.2 million rubles.
Vyacheslav Morozov is sentenced to 3.5 years' suspended imprisonment.
By 2023, the first school of the new format will open in the center of the capital
The school of the new model will be opened in the Hamovniki.
According to Moscow ’s head, Anastasia Pätova, there will create all the conditions for the self-realization and development of children ’s talents.
The educational institution decided to call the New View.
This project will be overseen by the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia and the Foundation for Economic Development of Higher School.
The design of a building with an area of about 10 thousand "squares" is planned to begin next year.
The construction will be completed at the end of 2022, and the first students will begin to recruit in the next.
“The project envisages the creation of a public, non-profit educational space, which will be based on the traditions of the classical Moscow school and experimental methods, ” noted in the Moskomsvinev press service.
In Chile, they began to build a telescope worth 1 billion euros
This is reported by TASS with reference to the press service of the European Southern Observatory (ESO).
According to ESO, this week the construction of the dome of the building, where the E-ELT telescope (European Extremely Large Telescope-"European Super Large Telescope") will be located, has officially begun, while the most expensive and ambitious ground astronomical project.
Its total cost, according to ESO estimates, will exceed a billion euros.
Most of this money will be spent on the construction of equipment and the construction of the observatory building.
The most expensive and complex component of the telescope is its record-high mirror, whose diameter will be about 39 meters.
It will be collected from 798 hexagonal segments measuring 1.4 meters.
This huge mirror, as well as two auxiliary reflective surfaces with a diameter of 4.2 and 3.75 meters, will help E-ELT get the first detailed photographs of planets outside the solar system, stars in other galaxies, as well as search for Earth's duplicates.
In addition, scientists will try to use this observatory to observe the surroundings of Sgr A *, a supermassive black hole in the center of the Milky Way.
Despite the fact that the construction of the dome has only just begun, mirrors, scientific tools and other components of the observatory scientists, engineers and other specialists have been developing for three years-since the announcement of the first plans for the construction of E-ELT.
The contract for the production of the main mirror, whose total value was about 400 million euros, was received by the German firm SCHOTT and the French company Safran Reosc.
