Three killed in UN helicopter crash in CAR
Three people were killed and another injured when a Senegalese Armed Forces helicopter carrying out an operation led by a UN peacekeeping mission crashed in the western CAR city of Bouar.
This was reported on Friday by the DakarActu portal with reference to the Senegalese army.
The head of the mission, Mankeour Ndiaye, confirmed the crash, noting that the helicopter crashed on landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter was returning from an operation against armed groups.
The Senegalese army said it was in contact with the UN to evacuate the victim and the bodies.
Coordinator of Navalny's Arkhangelsk headquarters sentenced to community service
The Oktyabrsky District Court of Arkhangelsk announced the verdict against Andrei Borovikov, the coordinator of Alexei Navalny's regional headquarters.
For repeated violations of the rules for holding rallies (Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation, the so-called Dadin article), the court ordered him to carry out 400 hours of mandatory work, Kommersant reports from the courtroom.
The case was initiated in April of this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a landfill in Arkhangelsk Oblast.
Activist Ildar Dadin was the first to be sentenced to three years in prison under Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation in 2015.
On the eve of the announcement of the verdict, on September 26, the court held arguments between the parties.
The prosecution insisted on forced labor for three years.
I was subjected to a preventive measure in the form of restriction of liberty, which consists in the fact that I cannot attend public mass events and cannot communicate with the organizers of the protest on April 7.
'I've been wearing an electronic bracelet and a base all this time.
So they tracked my location.
I note that I was not restricted in my movements.
Recently I arrived from Moscow, where I was training, "Andrei Borovikov said.
After the verdict was announced, the coordinator of Navalny's regional headquarters said that he would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26, a deputy from the Communist Party faction, Sergei Shargunov, introduced a bill to the State Duma that would soften Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
Representatives of the Communist Party, LDPR and SR told Kommersant about their intention to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: "Everyone in Rubin needs to think about the reasons for unsuccessful matches."
Rubin midfielder Pavel Mogilevets spoke about the reasons for the team's poor performance.
The Kazans suffered four consecutive defeats in the Russian championship and also crashed out of the Cup.
We tune in for every game, "Izvestia quoted Mogilev as saying.
So we all need to think about the reasons for these poor matches.
There are more meetings ahead - we need to prepare for them and correct the situation.
How?
If we had known, we probably would have corrected it.
But first of all, it seems to me, we need to add in such component as single combats.
I think we have a problem with that.
Kremlin backs ban on smoking on balconies of apartment buildings
The Kremlin supports any measures that will save lives, presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov said, commenting on the ban on smoking on apartment balconies and loggias.
Earlier, the Cabinet approved changes to the Rules of the fire-fighting regime, according to which it is forbidden to use open fire on the balconies and rooms of residential buildings.
Later, the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia reported that this included a ban on smoking on the balconies and loggias of apartments and hotels.
The changes will come into force on October 1, 2019.
The violation is subject to administrative liability.
The Kremlin is positive about any solutions that help save lives.
"We know how many fires there are, many of them have very tragic consequences and public resonance.
Therefore, any life saved justifies such decisions, "Peskov said.
First and foremost, the spokesman sees this as a fire-fighting measure, not a way to protect neighbors from tobacco smoke.
Peskov also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome smoking and is a supporter of a healthy lifestyle.
Gattuso is looking for a job at a Russian club
Italian football coach Gennaro Gattuso has arrived in Russia in search of a new club.
According to Championship, the 41-year-old specialist flew to Moscow to study the possibility of finding a job at a Russian club.
Gattuso's previous job was with AC Milan, which he led from 2017 to 2018, and under his stewardship they finished fifth in the Italian Serie A standings and failed to qualify for the Champions League.
As a coach, he has also worked for Switzerland's Sion, Greece's OFI, and Italy's Palermo and Pisa.
Earlier, it was reported that Pavel Mamaev's negotiations with Dynamo are in danger of collapse.
The ex-Milan coach arrived in Moscow to lead the Russian club
Former Italian national team player and ex-Milan head coach Gennaro Gattuso flew to Moscow to head the Russian club.
Gattuso is the 2006 world champion with the Italian national team.
At club level, he was known for playing for AC Milan, with whom he won the UEFA Champions League twice in 2003 and 2007.
The Italian began his coaching career at Sion.
Gennaro has led the Rossoneri for the past two seasons.
Earlier, it was reported that CSKA Moscow footballer Konstantin Kuchaev spoke out against the introduction of VAR.
Secretary of the National Security Council of Ukraine resigns
Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council (NSDC) of Ukraine, Oleksandr Danilyuk, has written a resignation letter, the office of the President of the country reports.
This was done before the start of Vladimir Zelensky's working visit to the United States to participate in the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
"The president will consider it upon his return to Kyiv," Mr. Zelensky's office said.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree appointing former Finance Minister Oleksandr Danilyuk as Secretary of the National Security Council at the end of May.
In this post, Mr. Danilyuk succeeded Aleksandr Turchynov, who resigned due to the change of president.
Palkina is ninth in World Cup qualifying.
Russian Sofia Palkina finished ninth in the qualification hammer throw in Group A at the World Championships in Doha.
Her result is 68.53 metres.
The final will feature four female athletes who have crossed the 72-meter line.
They are Polish Joanna Fedorov (73.39 m), Ukrainian Irina Klimets (72.93 m), Frenchwoman Alexandra Tavernier (72.91 m) and Belarusian Anna Malyshik (72.59 m).
The 12 best athletes from two groups will compete in the final.
Palkina's participation in the fight for medals will become known after the performance of female athletes from Group B.
Kvyat's car broke down during first practice in Sochi
Russian Toro Rosso driver Daniil Kvyat had to complete his first free practice session of the Russian Formula One Grand Prix ahead of schedule.
The Russian's car lost power and the rider was unable to reach the boxes.
Kvyat parked his car in one of the safety zones.
The Toro Rosso driver was fifth before crashing out of the race.
It is expected that the second free practice will take place today, September 27, at 15: 00 Moscow time at Sochi Avtodrom.
Earlier, it was reported that Kvyat shared his expectations for the Sochi Grand Prix.
China strongly opposes US adoption of Taipei bill
China strongly opposes the US adoption of the so-called "Taipei Bill," which seriously violates the one-China principle and the principles of the three Sino-American joint communiqués.
This was stated on Friday by spokesman for the Office of the State Council for Taiwan Affairs Ma Xiaoguang.
The approval of the bill by the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee is also a serious violation of international law and the basic principles of international relations and a gross interference in China's internal affairs, Ma Xiaoguang said.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues are part of China's internal affairs.
"We call on the US side to clarify the situation, immediately stop promoting the relevant negative bills, and immediately stop interfering in the Taiwan issue in order to avoid further damage to Sino-US relations and peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," he said.
China must and will be reunified.
This historical trend cannot be stopped by anyone or any force, Ma Xiaoguang emphasized.
TikTok hides objectionable videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under 18 years of age
Imagine China / Reuters
Chinese social network TikTok censors videos that mention Tiananmen Square, Tibetan independence or the banned Falun Gong religious group, The Guardian reports.
Documents obtained by the publication reveal that the owner of TikTok (ByteDance) uses the app to promote China's foreign policy objectives abroad.
Most of China's policy violations fall under "hate speech."
In each case, TikTok places objectionable publications in a context appropriate to the general rules, so that the social network's actions do not appear to be censorship.
For example, the prohibition against criticizing China's socialist system falls under the general prohibition of "criticizing or attacking the policies and social rules of any country, such as the constitutional monarchy, the parliamentary system, etc."
The ban on mentioning the Tiananmen Square incidents or the Cambodian genocide falls under the "distortion of the history of China or other countries."
The document also contains a list of banned names of twenty "foreign leaders or statesmen," including North Korean leaders Kim Jong-il, Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-un, Indian politician Mahatma Gandhi, US Presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Geun-hye, Indonesian President Joko Widodo, and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the document said.
The banned material falls into two categories, the document says.
Publications from the first category are removed by social media administrators and may result in the blocking of the user.
Not too severe violations fall into the second category: such publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited by TikTok algorithms.
ByteDance representatives told The Guardian that these rules are outdated and no longer applied: "We are now using a localized approach to moderation, as well as engaging independent local experts."
Russian TikTok users have no specific restrictions on publications, says Rustem Bogdanov, co-founder of the Production Center.
Producing Center is one of the Russian media companies that officially cooperates with TikTok.
All advertising materials of bloggers "Production Center" is coordinated with representatives of the social network, but user materials can be posted without coordination, Bogdanov reports.
When asked if TikTok can speak out about politics or Putin, Bogdanov answers in the affirmative and says he has seen such publications.
Roman Zaripov, founder of Our Digital agency, agrees with Bogdanov: "TikTok enumerates the basic rules for users in the user agreement: you cannot post shocking content, discriminatory statements, and so on."
But under these rules, you can bring any content that moderators do not like, notes Zaripov.
Zaripov Agency is another Russian partner of TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of whom are under the age of 18.
According to the user agreement, only persons over 13 years of age can use TikTok.
Social network administrators check their age using artificial intelligence: the neural network analyzes faces and determines how old a person looks, Bogdanov says.
If the neural network decides that a user is younger, their account can be deleted, he adds.
According to RBC, in September 2019, ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of WeWork co-working.
Istanbul residents tell of earthquake in city
Strong earthquake causes panic in Turkey's largest city
Last Thursday, September 26, an earthquake with a magnitude of 5.9 struck Istanbul.
Thirty-four people were injured, ten of whom are still in hospitals.
Melike, a resident of Istanbul, admitted that she had a panic attack for the first time in her life.
'I've cried so much.
I was sobbing right at work.
Later it became easier, I went back to business.
But I'm so ashamed right now! "the girl told" 360. "
"There was a really strong earthquake in Istanbul," he said.
I can't come back yet!
But on the whole I am fine, "political scientist Ceylan Ozgül shared his impressions.
Project manager Celine said the mayor was keeping all residents informed, but she said residents still felt small tremors of about 3.2 or 3.5 magnitude.
She also noted a communication problem in the immediate aftermath of the earthquake.
She said she couldn't reach her mother, but the internet was working "perfectly" and she could send a message via WhatsApp.
According to the website kp.ru, after the earthquake, all kindergartens and schools were closed, from where all students were evacuated.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of the powerful tremors was recorded 68 kilometers west of Istanbul, in the Marmara Sea.
Matthews met with Toronto officials.
Toronto forward Auston Matthews held a meeting with the club's management.
It discussed the case in which Matthews is accused of hooliganism.
Everything went well, "TSN quoted the player as saying.
Of course I made a mistake.
I take full responsibility for my actions.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And we discussed with the club how to deal with the situation.
I believe that nothing has soured in our relationship.
Roszdravnadzor reported on the results of an audit into the amputation of a child's hand
A child in Rostov region had his arm amputated because of a mistake by doctors, reports Vzglyad, with reference to the website of the territorial body Roszdravnadzor.
An 11-year-old boy broke his arm, after which he was put in plaster at a hospital in Zernograd district.
After a while, the child developed gangrene and was amputated.
As a result of the audit, it became clear that there were violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis, as well as of the standard and scope of care provided.
The materials of the audit have been transmitted to the SU of the UK of Russia for the region.
Earlier, URA.RU reported that the chief doctor of the Yuzhnouralsk City Hospital had been arrested.
Russians warned about fake calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from fraudsters who substitute the bank's phone number has increased.
Kommersant reports this with reference to data from the Central Bank.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator handed over to telecom operators information about more than 2,500 numbers from which customers of various financial institutions were calling.
In 189 cases, operators found a number change.
Another 218 numbers were blocked, and in 59 cases restrictions were imposed on the use of financial services.
Deputy Head of the Information Security Department of the Central Bank, Artem Sychev, said that a wide range of Russian banks faced the number change.
He explained that operators do not always respond to warnings from the Central Bank about fraudulent calls, citing the absence of such an obligation in the law "On Communications."
Otkritie Bank, Rosbank and Alfa-Bank confirmed information about an increase in the number of fraudulent calls with a change of number.
According to the press service of Beeline, part of the information about fraudulent calls, which was transmitted by the Central Bank, was incorrect: the lists included numbers that are actually used by banks to communicate with customers.
To block them would disrupt the work of the organization.
Artem Sychev said that the Central Bank plans to create a database of fraudsters "numbers, to which the telecom operator will turn at each call to check the number.
He explained that the creation of such a framework would require amendments to the legislation.
US-China trade talks to resume in Washington on October 10
A new round of trade talks between the United States and China will take place in Washington on October 10, CNBC reports.
According to his sources, the Chinese delegation will be headed by Vice Premier Liu He.
Note that the last round of trade talks between the US and China took place in Shanghai at the end of July, but the parties failed to make progress.
The new reciprocal tariffs between the US and China took effect on September 1.
Earlier, US President Donald Trump said Washington and Beijing could reach a trade deal sooner than expected.
The State Duma will check for violations of the law "Voice of America," "Medusa" and "BBC"
The State Duma Commission to Investigate Foreign Interference in Russia's Internal Affairs will conduct inspections of some media outlets for violations of Russian law.
Interfax reports this with reference to the head of the commission, Vasily Piskarev.
Medusa, MBH Media, Voice of America, Present Time, Radio Liberty, and BBC Russian Service came under the Commission's scrutiny.
Earlier, it was reported about planned inspections of Google and Facebook services.
Piskarev also said that he would ask the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to decide on further accreditation of Germany's Deutsche Welle, whose publications the commission found signs of justification for extremism.
In September, Roskomnadzor revealed political advertising on Google, Facebook and Youtube.
According to the agency, this happened during the Russian election on September 8.
The facts of the violations were referred to the State Duma Commission.
Google later said that the company supports responsible political advertising.
According to the staff, it must comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook said that advertisers, not the platform, should be responsible for complying with Russia's election laws.
The head of Roskomnadzor, Alexander Zharov, accused the companies of applying double standards when placing political advertisements.
Stoltenberg discusses Ukraine's accession to NATO with Zelensky
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky discussed Ukraine's membership in the alliance on the sidelines of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The Secretary General said this during a speech at Columbia University in New York.
When asked if the issue was raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg said that they had indeed discussed the issue, and also stressed that in his reply he did not mention the timing of Ukraine's accession to NATO.
According to him, any country that wants to join the North Atlantic Alliance must fulfill certain conditions in order to meet specific standards, RT writes.
Crimea offered Zelensky an alternative to NATO course
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, instead of pursuing NATO membership, should focus on establishing good-neighborly relations with Russia.
This was announced on Friday, September 27, by co-chairman of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets.
"The President of Ukraine should not repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but should heed the advice of [US President] Donald Trump, which he listened to with a sour face, and improve relations with the President of Russia," Chegrinets told RIA Novosti.
Chegrinets noted that Zelensky is a good actor for him, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will be able to remain in power only if relations with Russia are established.
Earlier, on September 27, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that he had held a conversation with Zelensky about the country's accession to the alliance.
According to him, for this, Ukraine is obliged to fulfill certain conditions.
On June 5, Rada deputy Yevgeny Balitsky said that Ukraine's possible accession to the alliance does not guarantee an improvement in life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
Barcelona blackmail Neymar
Spanish "Barcelona" and its former footballer, Brazilian Neymar, are trying to settle the financial dispute that arose after the striker's move to Paris Saint-Germain in France.
The case almost reached court, but the Catalans offered the player to resolve the dispute without Themis intervening.
Otherwise, they refuse to return him.
Neymar and his cunning father, who is also the Brazilian's agent, have an interesting trick: under the agreement with Barça that the player signed in 2016, he was supposed to receive 40 million euros.
However, just a year later, the forward ended up at PSG for a record 222 million euros.
However, he received 22 million from the Catalans and now wants to take the remaining 18.
Not only that, the Brazilian's lawyers insist that the club also owes him interest for late payment.
When the Catalan capital became aware of Neymar's claims, Barcelona filed a counter-claim.
The Blues insist the bonus was for the entire contract - from 2016 to 2022.
Accordingly, the club believes that the player was entitled to only a quarter of the 40 million euros and is demanding the return of a proportional share of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer, Neymar and Barca almost agreed on the return of the "prodigal" player to the bosom of Catalonia.
True, the deal fell through, but there is still hope for the forward's return.
And now, as reported by Sports.Ru with reference to insiders, the club's lawyers have told the player's representatives that if the issue of financial claims is not settled in a pre-trial procedure, it will rule out the possibility of the Brazilian's return.
Neymar himself is so keen to return that he has asked for guarantees that the Catalans will buy him back.
March Laar: EKRE members will not join the Board of the Bank of Estonia
EKRE members have not been and will not be invited to the board.
The composition of the Board of the Bank of Estonia determines confidence in the Estonian state.
As long as EKRE members continue to behave in such a way that they first speak and then think, none of them will be invited to the bank's board.
"The Chairman of the Board of the Bank of Estonia cannot apologize for the statements made by the members of the Board," Laar said in an interview with Delfi, the ERR broadcasting portal reports.
At the same time, Laar noted that EKRE is represented at meetings of the Board of Eesti Bank.
The current seventh board of the Bank of Estonia includes, in addition to Laar, Liina Tynisson, Kaie Kerem, Urmas Varblane, Kalev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (Reform Party), Anne Listra and Rein Minka.
On Laar's proposal, two council members, Kallo and Tynisson, are to be replaced by Laar, with Enna Eesmaa (Centrist Party) and Ivari Padara (Social Democratic Party) nominated to replace Laar.
At the same time, the Reform Party wanted Andres Sutt to replace Jaanus Tamkivi.
But Laar replied that the Reform Party's goal was to win two seats on the board of the Bank of Estonia - so that, in addition to Jaanus Tamkivi, Andres Sutt would be on the board.
On Tuesday, 24 September, the Riigikogu rejected Laar's proposal to appoint new members to the Board of the Bank of Estonia.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs commented on the Malakhov show scandal in Kyrgyzstan
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation commented on the situation with indignation, which was caused in Kyrgyzstan by the next edition of Andrei Malakhov's program "Live Air," RIA Novosti reports.
Earlier, the Russian diplomat was summoned to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan after the broadcast.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic believes that the presenter made incorrect statements about the situation surrounding the citizen of Kyrgyzstan Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant in the accident in which Russian Alexander Marugov died.
Malakhov said the Kyrgyz citizen could have faked the accident.
The accident happened on July 8 in Moscow.
Marugov crashed his motorcycle into a taxi driven by Akbarov.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is the culprit of the accident.
Malakhov himself, who was asked to apologize by Kyrgyz citizens, said that these words were simply a personal opinion.
As explained in the Russian diplomatic agency, the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry did not call Russian diplomats - there was a planned working visit, during which, among other issues, the statements of the TV presenter were discussed.
"Andrei Malakhov's point of view is that of a journalist, his personal view of the situation," the MFA said, replying that the incident would not affect interstate relations between Russia and Kyrgyzstan.
Figure skaters Artemyev and Nazarychev won the junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb
Russian figure skaters Yulia Artemyeva and Mikhail Nazarychev won gold in the pairs competition at the Junior Grand Prix, held in Zagreb, TASS writes.
For the short and arbitrary program, Artemyeva and Nazarychev received 179.83 points.
Another Russian couple, Diana Mukhametzyanova and Ilya Mironov, came in second place with a score of 177.58 points, and the bronze went to Germans Annika Hoke and Robert Kunkel (156.31 points).
Russian couple Anna Shcheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of the stage in Zagreb reached the final of the Junior Grand Prix.
It will take place in Turin from 5 to 8 December.
Later, on September 27, the men's individual skating will be shown.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28.
On September 21, Russian figure skater Aleksandra Trusova set new world records in the free program and in the sum of points at the tournament in Slovakia.
The judges gave her a random score of 163.78 and the short program a score of 74.91.
For the 15-year-old athlete, these competitions were the first at the adult level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only made in Belarus
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only made in Belarus.
Lukashenko visited one of the local cosmetics companies in Minsk today.
He stated that imported cosmetics are no better than Belarusian products, and the advantage of domestic products is that they are made from local raw materials.
"You have to use your own," the Belarusian leader said.
Alexander Lukashenko stated the need to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the Belarusian leader advised local sugar processors to find new markets for their products.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exports to Russia and "not to suffer."
The situation with sugar exports has worsened because of the excess product on the markets, RBC reminds.
This was also true in Russia, where the excess sugar cost 50 kopecks per kilogram less than in Belarus.
A seven-year-old girl was hit to death by a truck at a crossing in Domodedovo
The driver knocked down a mother and child at a pedestrian crossing in Domodedovo, the head of the press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia for the Moscow region, Tatiana Petrova, told Interfax.
According to Petrova, the incident occurred on Friday at 08: 25 on Gagarin Street.
A mother and her daughter were hit by a resident of Domodedovo, born in 1994, while driving a gas truck.
As a result of the accident, a seven-year-old child died at the scene and a woman was hospitalized.
"A criminal case has been initiated against the driver under Part 3 of Article 264 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (violation of the rules of traffic and operation of vehicles, resulting in the death of a person through negligence)," a representative of the regional central police office said.
The penalty under this article is a maximum penalty of deprivation of liberty for up to five years.
Currently, the offender has been detained, Petrova concluded.
The former head of the DNR spoke about his work in Russia
The former acting head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR), Dmitry Trapeznikov, who headed Elista's administration, assessed the state of the city.
The official said this in a comment to Telegram-channel "Rise."
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic state.
"It is necessary to align the economy, it is necessary to apply an economic hand: here, of course, we need to make roads and outdoor lighting," he said, adding that among the tasks is to make a comfortable and well-maintained city.
The head of Kalmykia, Batu Hasikov, proposed Trapeznikov for the post of Mayor of Elista.
The former acting head of the DPR admitted that he had known the head of the region for a long time.
In particular, he repeatedly came to the republic, where he was engaged in work with young people and held sports events.
"So he turned to me, invited me to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then offered to head the city," the official added.
Separately, Trapeznikov commented on information from a source belonging to Grigory Berezkin of RBC, which reported that his candidacy for the head of Kalmykia was proposed by presidential aide Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication, is "long friends" with Hasikov.
"Not much is written.
And on the level of various made-up stories happens.
I don't think we should pay attention, "he added.
Mayor Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and a DNR passport.
On September 26, he took over Elista's administration.
Putin and Security Council discuss security without INF
The meeting also discussed the settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee
Russian President Vladimir Putin and the Russian Security Council discussed security issues after the termination of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, including the proposal to a number of NATO member states to introduce a moratorium on the deployment of the INF.
This was reported by the Russian leader's press secretary, Dmitry Peskov.
The Kremlin representative noted that the meeting also discussed current issues of the country's socio-economic development, as well as further prospects for a settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Chairman of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko, Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev, FSB Director Alexander Bortnikov, Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, and Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin.
According to kp.ru, on September 25, the Russian leader sent a proposal to some NATO member states to introduce a moratorium on the deployment of intermediate-range and shorter-range missiles in Europe.
But NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg called Putin's proposal unrealistic.
A dump truck has demolished an overpass on a road under construction in Crimea
A dump truck with a raised body knocked down two beams of an overpass under construction on the Tavrida highway in Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cab and thereby saved his life.
The incident occurred in the morning of September 27 in the Bakhchisarai district of the peninsula.
The man driving the heavy car forgot to lower the body, and when he remembered it was too late to brake.
The driver jumped out of the cab and the dump truck crashed into the overpass at speed.
The collapsed beams crushed the cab and blocked the carriageway, which, however, is still closed.
The amount of the damage has yet to be determined, and it is planned to recover it from the subcontractor for the construction of the highway, whose driver caused the accident.
Medvedev congratulated educators on their professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated teachers and all preschool workers on their professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in a telegram published on the Government's website.
Medvedev noted that the profession of educator is special, requiring great love for one's job, wisdom, patience and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you with their child.
And you do everything to make the kindergarten a second home for children, where it is comfortable, interesting, and safe.
"Together with you, they learn about the world around them, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn independence, the ability to communicate and make friends," the Prime Minister said.
According to the Prime Minister, thanks to the tutor, children develop character and abilities.
Medvedev is convinced that it is the educator who determines the future of children.
"That is why the development of preschool education, the improvement of its quality, the construction of modern kindergartens, the material provision of workers of preschool institutions are priority tasks of the state social policy, the solution of which is aimed at the national project" Demography, "" the head of government said.
Rooms in the center of Moscow rent for the price of an apartment on the outskirts of Moscow
Despite the reduction in the number of switchboards in Moscow, demand for them is not falling.
Supply is being pulled up by demand through room-by-room delivery of apartments.
In the center of Moscow, room rents are rising faster than in the suburbs - mainly because of high demand.
At the same time, rooms in the center are rented at the price of apartments in the suburbs.
Thus, in Khamovniki, the average price for renting a room is 28 thousand roubles, according to a study by the portal "World of Apartments."
For this money, you can rent a one-bedroom apartment near the Moscow Ring Road.
On Arbat, rooms are rented for an average of 27,3 thousand roubles, although individual offers can compete with rates not only for one-room apartments, but also for two-room apartments in sleeping areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are rented in Kapotna - the average price tag for the district was 13,600 roubles.
The second cheapest area is Biryulyovo Zapadnoe (13.8 thousand).
Rooms in Biryulyov Vostochny and Veshnyaki are rented for 14,1 thousand.
The most expensive district outside the Moscow Ring Road is Solntsevo, where rooms are rented out for almost 16 thousand roubles a month.
Rooms in North and South Butov and Novo-Peredelkin will be slightly cheaper.
How to boost your future pension and not recycle
Not only the Pension Fund of the Russian Federation, but also non-state pension funds are able to pay pensions.
NPF are private companies, reports Volgograd Pravda.ru.
They work as a deposit: you make contributions, the fund invests them, and eventually returns the money to you with interest.
If you are interested in this method, first study the information about NPF on the Bank of Russia website.
All funds operate according to the same rules established by federal laws.
Pension points can be bought legally.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of seniority you lack to qualify for a pension.
This method is suitable for those who have worked informally.
It is also possible to make a contribution for a relative, such as a housewife.
Advice for those thinking about retirement at the start of their working lives.
Increased pension benefits are paid to civil servants, doctors, teachers, agricultural workers and people who have worked for a certain number of years in the Far North.
To avoid giving up anything when you reach retirement age, take care of it in advance.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, save money for deposits.
The most important thing is to constantly improve your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth power unit of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant
The video, taken in the control room of Unit 4 at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, appeared on the Internet, first published on YouTube by the video agency Ruptly.
It is noted that a group of 15 media representatives received access to the fourth control room of the Chernobyl reactors as part of the presentation of a guide to the exclusion zone.
According to RT's Telegram channel, the journalists were there in special protective suits for less than five minutes, as the ruins of the power unit destroyed by the explosion still emit radiation 40,000 times higher than normal.
The accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred on the night of April 26, 1986.
Radiation contamination affected 12 regions in Ukraine and 23% of Belarus.
In Russia, 19 regions were affected.
Recall that in July of this year, Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky signed a decree according to which a green corridor opened for tourists appeared in the Chernobyl zone.
The ban on shooting has also been lifted in the exclusion zone.
Earlier, it was reported that the exclusion zone of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant was opened for tourists from the Belarusian side.
Organizers of the excursions stressed that it is possible to get less radiation in a day in the zone than during a flight by plane.
Tarasov repeated Ibrahimovic's trick
The former Lokomotiv Moscow midfielder took part in a challenge launched by Swedish forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic of the American Los Angeles Galaxy.
Tarasov posted a video of the stunt on his Instagram.
After that, Tarasov challenged the havbeks of "railroad workers" Alexey and Anton Miranchuk, the rap artist T-Killah, as well as bloggers from the YouTube channel 2DROTS.
The Swede posted a video with the hashtag # matrixchallenge, in which he holds the ball on his chest while leaning back and performing hand movements like the protagonist of The Matrix, Neo, who in one scene similarly dodged bullets flying at him.
Ibrahimovic offered to repeat the trick to Manchester United's Paul Pogba, tennis player Novak Djokovic, Russian UFC champion Khabib Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Raiola, tagging them in the caption.
Earlier, it was reported that the wife of a Ukrainian footballer took part in Ibrahimovic's challenge.
Trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia could reach $6 billion by 2019
If there is a positive trend, the trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia could reach 6 billion roubles by the end of 2019, said Slovak Minister of Economy Peter Zyga.
At a meeting of the Intergovernmental Commission on Economic, Scientific and Technical Cooperation between the Russian Federation and Slovakia, the Minister noted the growth in trade turnover between the two countries.
At the end of last year, it amounted to 13 percent, reaching the figure of 5.5 billion dollars.
In the first half of 2019, the states reached $3 billion in mutual trade turnover, Zhiga said.
According to Denis Manturov, Head of the Ministry of Industry and Trade, in order to consolidate this positive trend, it is necessary to increase cooperation in the industrial sector.
Earlier, it became known that the parliamentarians of Russia and Slovakia are going to hold joint events on the development of tourism between the countries, as well as cooperation in the field of health and education.
TNT decided rapper Gough wasn't good enough for The Bachelor
The network spent days debating whether rapper Gough deserved to be the new "Bachelor."
He was also reminded of his numerous betrayals and trips with escorts, and even decided that in this way the musician wanted to be rehabilitated for the scandalous clip "Moscow," which received a record number of dislikes from listeners.
But the entire management of TNT decided to stop all reruns at once.
Gough will not be a new contestant on "The Bachelor."
An official statement from the press service said he was considered for the role, but eventually chose another candidate.
Who could have been better than Gough?
Yes, in fact, anyone...
"Well, in some ways the producers were able to figure out if it's not a format for this program," "Yes, they just didn't get the girls they wanted for him," "Once again another sweet boy will be dragged onto the screen," - the users of the Network comment on the news.
Magomed Ismailov: "When I hear such support of fans, I become simply abnormal in a cage."
The Russian mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter Magomed Ismailov commented on the victory over Artem Frolov at the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy is just a gun.
He has cannonballs.
And when I looked him in the eye, I saw desire and character.
He's a real guy.
More respect for him.
Good luck to him in the future.
He's a real guy.
When I hear such support of fans, I become simply abnormal in a cage.
It was very hard.
I tried.
I was talking about the show.
Did I promise the show?
Was it a show?
Thank you.
And to those who said I was choking in the third round...
Ismailov ended his speech with a victorious gesture.
Deutsche Welle may be stripped of accreditation and recognized as a foreign agent
The State Duma Commission concluded that the German television and radio company Deutsche Welle violated the law, RIA Novosti reports.
Documents for the recognition of Deutsche Welle as a foreign agent will be sent to the Ministry of Justice.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation has received materials for withdrawal of accreditation on the territory of Russia.
Earlier, representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in a meeting of the State Duma commission to investigate the facts of interference by other countries in Russia's internal affairs.
A massive glitch at Facebook has hit Europe.
Ukraine, too, got
Facebook has suffered a major disruption in Europe.
Recall that before that, the social network "fell" on September 23.
As the monitoring resource Downdetector informs, the biggest problems with access to the social network are experienced by Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, as well as virtually the entire United Kingdom.
Large-scale disruptions are observed on the border between Romania and Bulgaria, Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and Portugal.
Facebook is also inaccessible almost throughout Poland, in places in Belarus and the Baltic states.
In Ukraine, judging by the breakdown map, Facebook is not available in the Kyiv region, as well as partly in the Kharkiv and Vinnytsia regions.
Note that in early September, Wikipedia users also experienced problems.
Which club will take Pavel Mamaev, released on parole
Footballer Pavel Mamaev, released last week from a penal colony on parole, will not return to the football club Krasnodar.
The former midfielder of this club may soon sign a contract with FC Rostov, reports the Championship portal.
According to the publication, negotiations between representatives of "Rostov" and Mamayev are now in the final stage.
Presumably, the contract with the 31-year-old footballer will be signed for two years, with the possibility of extension for another season.
Sport-Express writes that a day earlier Pavel Mamaev was supposed to undergo a medical examination at Dynamo Moscow, but the check-up did not take place because of the "uncertain situation in the club."
Krasnodar terminated the contract with Mamaev last week by agreement between the parties.
The midfielder has played for the Krasnodar club since 2014.
With the team he won bronze of the championship of Russia twice.
Mamaev previously played for Torpedo Moscow and CSKA Moscow.
From 2009 to 2016, Mamaev played for the Russian national team, playing 15 matches.
Along with Zenit player Aleksandr Kokorin, Mamaev was serving a sentence for his participation in fights in central Moscow last October.
In mid-September, they were released from the penal colony on parole.
Zenit signed a new contract with Kokorin.
A man with a samurai sword tried to defend a trolley found in a rubbish heap
A resident of the US city of Oakland Park, Florida, has been arrested on attempted murder charges after brandishing a samurai sword at his opponent in a dispute over a trolley found in a garbage can.
Curtis Miller, 54, was digging in a pile of rubbish near an empty house.
Todd Beavers, who was out for an evening walk, noticed this.
The latter decided to join the search and found a black trolley among the rubbish.
Miller saw Beavers' find and was upset.
He thought he could claim the trolley because he was the first to start digging in the rubbish.
The men started arguing.
Suddenly, Beavers grabbed the trolley and ran with it toward his house.
Miller then took the samurai sword he had found in the same pile and pursued his opponent.
He caught up with Beavers outside his home.
Miller grabbed a sword from a knife and began waving it in the direction of the carjacker.
Beavers told Miller that the incident was being videotaped.
After noticing the video camera, Miller fled but threatened to return.
Beavers left the cart in the yard and went inside the house.
Soon after, he saw an unknown woman enter his yard and take the trolley, shouting insults.
Police were already looking for Miller for driving without a license.
A man has been arrested and charged with attempted murder.
In September, it was reported that a hedge fund manager attacked a stranger and wounded her with a sword in Hardiston, New Jersey.
This is how he reacted to the fact that guests at the wedding, which was being celebrated in the same hotel where he was staying, did not allow him to smoke.
Riots for Three
The "Moscow case" against the participants of the summer protest actions, the further away, the more noticeably it disintegrates into separate fragments and loses its political content.
The evidence of "mass disorder" itself does not stand up to scrutiny, but in the absence of a political decision to put the brakes on the case, a weak evidence base would not necessarily lead to the dismissal of the charges.
The collapse of the case should encourage the public, but it is certain to leave the security forces, whose efforts to fill the case with defendants and evidence have been in vain, extremely irritated.
On Thursday, September 26, one of the three remaining defendants in the case under Article 212 of the Criminal Code (mass disturbances), Aleksei Minyaylo, was unexpectedly released from detention without any obligations, and a few hours later was rehabilitated: the TKR dropped the charges against him.
Minyaylo spent almost two months in detention, and several professional associations - historians, priests, and writers - intervened for him.
After that, only two defendants remained in the case (originally there were 13 defendants): Sergei Fomin, who was transferred to house arrest on September 3, and Samariddin Radzhabov, who was the day before extended his arrest until the end of December (he is also accused of using violence against a government official, Article 318 of the Criminal Code).
Court convicts author of joke petition on Latvia's accession to the US
The Vidzeme Suburb Court of Riga punished the author of a joke petition on Latvia's accession to the United States of America, Denis Bartecki.
It is noted that the man was assigned 80 hours of correctional labor and one year of probation.
"Common sense is not the greatest strength of our system," Bartetsky commented on the court's decision.
He also added that usually the punishment is less than requested.
The collection of signatures on Latvia's accession to the United States was organized in 2016.
Meanwhile, at the same time as this petition, the website collected signatures on Latvia's accession to the "Galactic Empire" and the country's withdrawal from the solar system and the Milky Way.
It is noted that a criminal case was initiated against Bartecki under the first paragraph of Article 82 of the Criminal Law of the country - "Public call to undermine the territorial integrity of the Republic of Latvia."
Prior to that, in 2016, the author of an online petition for Latvia's accession to Russia received six months in prison.
Japanese airliner makes emergency landing in Khabarovsk
Boeing, flying from Austria to Japan, made an emergency landing at Khabarovsk airport, TASS reports.
The airliner, owned by the Japanese company ANA, was carrying 206 people, including 12 crew members.
No injuries were reported.
Another flight took off from Tokyo for the people.
As a representative of Khabarovsk airport told the agency, the cause of the incident was a drop in oil pressure in one of the aircraft's engines.
Earlier, it was reported that a plane flying from Zhukovsky airport near Moscow to Kyrgyzstan made an emergency landing at Samara airport because of a sick child on board.
Russia's Interior Ministry proposes to punish for insulting police officers on the Internet
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia has prepared amendments to the Law "On Police" in order to protect the guardians of order from the dissemination of defamatory and defamatory information on the Internet.
On Friday, a request for public discussion of the bill appeared on the federal portal of normative legal acts, the draft document itself has not yet been published.
The explanatory note to the document notes that it is being developed in connection with the need to protect the honor and dignity of a police officer from "the dissemination in information and communication networks, including the Internet, of defamatory information, including defamatory information."
Exactly how police officers are supposed to be protected from online defamation is not specified.
At the same time, the explanation to the document notes that the provisions of the amendments will be applied "by individualizing the mechanism," already foreseen by the law on blocking posts that offend government officials and the law on fines for such posts.
Both laws entered into force in March of this year.
The final text of the bill will be published after public debate and independent anti-corruption expertise.
According to the explanatory memorandum, the amendments to the Law "On Police" should enter into force in January 2020.
On March 18, President Vladimir Putin signed a law punishing "blatant disrespect for the state" on the Internet.
According to this document, Roskomnadzor warns the resource of the violation and gives it a day to eliminate it.
For the first violation of the prohibitions, a fine in the amount of 30 to 300 thousand roubles is provided, and for the second violation - administrative arrest for up to 15 days.
On April 12, Roskomnadzor applied this rule to the media for the first time, blocking the Yaroslavl edition of 76.ru.
Soon after, the Chudovsky District Court of Novgorod Region fined a local resident 30,000 roubles for having posted online "two records with information in an obscene form that offends human dignity and public morals and expresses clear disrespect for society, the state, and bodies exercising state power in the Russian Federation."
Mortgage rates cut set to expire
Rates on home loans in Russia will be reduced until the end of 2019.
This was stated by Aleksandr Plutnik, General Director of the Dom.rf credit organization, Interfax reports.
As Plutnik noted at the board meeting under the Ministry of Construction of Russia, most banks will carry out another round of mortgage rate cuts in the remaining months of the year, and the market average will reach 8.9 percent - the level envisaged by the national project "Housing and Urban Environment."
According to the project's passport, the average mortgage rate should be 8.9 percent in 2019, 8.5 percent in 2021, and 7.9 percent by 2024.
The program aims to "provide affordable housing to middle-income families, including opportunities to acquire (build their homes with a mortgage at a rate of less than 8%)."
Earlier in September, it became known that one of the largest players in the Russian mortgage market, Sberbank, plans to carry out another reduction in home loan rates by the end of 2019.
Will phytoestrogens and phytoandrogens help prolong youth?
The topic of phytoandrogens is poorly understood.
The most famous are pine pollen.
But phytoestrogens are well researched and have a positive effect on the body.
They reduce the risk of certain age-related diseases (including cardiovascular disease and some cancers).
Known sources of phytoestrogens are all legumes (soybeans are the most popular), hops, flax seeds.
However, many experts believe that such supplements cannot be a full-fledged substitute for natural hormones.
Possible harm from such supplements cannot be ruled out.
For example, their intake may reduce the production of their own hormones due to the fact that the body receives too many analogues from outside.
Veretennikov called for the revival of Kazakhstan's Zhenis.
Former Rotor and Russian national team striker Oleg Veretennikov joined the campaign to revive Kazakhstan's Zhenis.
The club from Astana, which in different years was called "Dynamo," "Tselinnik," "Astana" and "Zhenis," was disbanded in 2014.
Veretennikov defended his colours in 2004 and 2008.
"I learned about the campaign to revive the Zhenis football club, organized by its fans.
And he couldn't stay away!
I spent a season and a half at this club.
These were not the best of times in terms of results and funding, but I will never forget this club and its loyal fans who have always been with the team!
The Munaytpasov Stadium, where I scored my 200th goal of my career, will always be remembered!
"The Wife" must be revived!
He has a huge history and great fans.
I wish them all the best and believe that the city authorities will return their home club to them! "wrote Veretennikov on Instagram.
The Bastion Complex launched an Onyx rocket in Chukotka
For the first time, the Ministry of Defense launched a cruise missile from the Bastion complex in Chukotka.
Onyx launched at a distance of 350 kilometers from its target, and 200 of them flew over land, which is a record for this type of missile.
About 10 warships and vessels of the Pacific Fleet, as well as naval aircraft, provided security for the shooting, the Department of Information and Mass Communications of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation reported.
Previously, Bastion complexes had never been used in Chukotka.
Hydrometric Center named the right people's signs
In Russia, there are many popular ways in which people try to predict the weather.
Unfortunately, not all of them work.
The Hydrometric Center has checked all signs that allegedly work.
Meteorologists have concluded that only two of them can really be trusted, albeit in the short term.
As Roman Wilfand, Scientific Director of the Russian Hydrometallurgical Center, told us, if the sun is red at sunset, the next day will really be hot, as our ancestors noticed.
And if the sky is white, the next day there will be rain.
The second working sign is based on bird watching.
People often talk about swallows, if they fly low, it is usually to rain.
The explanation is simple: when the air humidity is high, the moshkar's wings get wet and the birds are forced to descend to hunt insects, TASS writes.
Different continents have their own national characteristics.
Marmite Day is a traditional national holiday in the United States and Canada, celebrated annually on February 2.
It is believed that on this day it is necessary to observe the marmots climbing out of their burrow to determine the time of the arrival of spring.
Unidentified oil slick found on beaches in northeast Brazil
Oil spills of unknown origin have been found on 99 beaches in northeastern Brazil.
Pollution hotspots were scattered over two thousand kilometers of coastline.
The first oil spills were reported as early as September 2.
But each day until Thursday, their numbers continued to rise, as did their geographical coverage.
The Brazilian Institute for the Environment carried out a chemical analysis of the samples identified.
It turned out that they were all identical, and it was crude oil.
The state oil corporation Petrobras, to which the samples were submitted for analysis, stated that their composition did not correspond to oil extracted from fields in Brazil.
"It's thick oil.
It can be dropped from one of the ships after the tanks have been cleaned.
Many continue to do so.
And most likely it got into the ocean current, "Rogerio Almeida, coordinator of the Petroleum Workers Union of the states of Pernambuco and Paraíba, told Brazilian news portal G1.
He added that, despite the ban on the practice, many ships continued to dump waste on the high seas.
On the beaches of four of the eight affected states in the northeast, conservationists found nine sea turtles completely covered in oil film.
Only two of them were rescued.
In the coming days, the Brazilian Environment Institute, together with Petrobras, will begin cleaning up polluted beaches.
In the meantime, the institute's experts recommend that tourists and local residents avoid oil spills and notify about all detected pollution hotspots.
Medvedev instructs to revise the rules of operation of catering enterprises
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev instructed Rospotrebnadzor, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Economy, and the Ministry of Industry and Trade, together with the business ombudsman and the business community, to revise sanitary and epidemiological rules and norms for catering organizations.
They will also have to study the issue of the transition to the use of the requirements established by the technical regulations of the Eurasian Economic Union in the organization of meals.
The agency's proposals should be submitted to the government no later than October 15, according to the list of Mr. Medvedev's instructions following the results of the September 11 program "Dialogue" on the Rossiya 24 TV channel.
At the same time, Mr. Medvedev instructed all the above-mentioned agencies, in addition to the Ministry of Justice, to submit proposals for conducting, from January 1, 2020, an experiment to limit control measures for catering organizations in a number of regions, including Moscow, Tatarstan, and Kaliningrad Oblast.
By November 11, the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Economy have been instructed to submit to the government a bill with amendments to the Administrative Code on the application of administrative suspension of activities for violation of requirements for the organization of food, which caused harm to health.
In addition, the Ministry of Labor, the Ministry of Economy, Rospotrebnadzor, and the Ministry of Finance need to work out the issue of a gradual transition from 2021 to the formation of a consumer basket based on a basic set of products that allows for the formation of a full-fledged diet of healthy food.
Recall that the business community started talking about outdated requirements after one cafe from the AnderSon chain was closed.
The business community demanded to cancel the existing SanPiN, Rospotrebnadzor announced the joint development of new ones.
The list includes 33 agencies.
Meanwhile, Rospotrebnadzor intends to reduce the number of sanitary norms and regulations by 40 times by 2021.
Detectives are currently in possession of information about three thefts involving the detainee.
A man armed himself in the Skuratovsky district of Tula.
He stole batteries and automobiles from cars.
Of the two vehicles - VAZ-2106 and VAZ-2107 - the thief took the batteries, presumably for further sale.
"And from another VAZ-2107 car for the same purpose, the intruder took away an automobile and a subwoofer," the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Tula region reported.
The thief probably intended to resell it.
The 26-year-old unemployed man is currently in custody.
Russians have nothing to save for retirement - V. Matvienko
Speaker of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko believes that Russians do not have enough savings to make the bill on a guaranteed pension product fully operational in the country.
The practice of increasing pensions through personal savings is quite common in the world.
Whether its introduction is timely is another matter.
"In my opinion, now a significant part of the population has incomes from which they simply have nothing to allocate to increase pension provision in the future," V. Matvienko stated.
According to the speaker, Russians cannot understand the mechanisms for the formation and calculation of pensions, because "constant changes in this area have completely confused them."
This does not mean that I am against improving the pension system, which regulates its legislation.
"Russia is a social state, and we are obliged to do everything to ensure that the size of pensions and the social protection of citizens improve.
But steps in this direction should be considered, responsible, taking into account domestic realities, "V. Matvienko told RIA Novosti.
The Head of the Federal Pension Fund emphasized that if this initiative (the draft law on guaranteed pension product) is to develop, several basic principles must necessarily be provided, including voluntariness, tax preferences for citizens and employers, and strict guarantees and responsibility of the state for ensuring the safety of pension savings.
On September 6, the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation announced that a draft law on a guaranteed pension product (GPP) has been sent for approval.
Among its main elements are an exclusively voluntary procedure for citizens to join the savings system, guarantees of long-term pension savings of citizens by the state, registration of citizens "savings accounts by the central administrator, tax benefits for businesses and tax deductions for citizens.
Spider-Man remains in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Sony and Disney reach agreement
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The news of the beloved superhero's departure from the Marvel Cinematic Universe has angered many devoted fans
One of the most famous comic book characters, Spider-Man, will remain in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Disney and Sony Pictures have negotiated the rights to use it in franchise films.
This became known from a Sony press release, which says that the third installment of "Spider-Man" with Tom Holland will be released on July 16, 2021.
It was previously reported that Disney and Sony Pictures could not reach a consensus on a revenue-sharing arrangement that would leave Spider-Man out of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Sony owns the rights to the film character.
It leased them to Disney-owned Marvel movies.
As a result, Sony earned revenue from box office receipts, and Disney from souvenirs and toys.
At some point, it was reported, Disney was no longer comfortable with this arrangement, and the company wanted to renegotiate the agreement.
Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige said he was thrilled.
It's amazing that Spider-Man's journey in the Marvel Cinematic Universe will continue.
"All of us at Marvel Studios are very excited to be able to continue working on it.
Spider-Man is an iconic figure.
He is a hero whose story affects all generations and audiences around the world, "his press release reads.
At the same time, Faigue reminded that Sony is also creating its own film universe, built just around Spider-Man.
"As it happens, he is the only superpower hero to have appeared in different film universes.
So as long as Sony continues to develop its own Spidey universe, the future could bring unexpected surprises, "he said.
Tom Holland, who played Spider-Man in five films, apparently commenting on the news, posted on his Instagram account a clip from The Wolf of Wall Street in which Leonardo DiCaprio's character shouts "I'm not leaving!"
Information about the contradictions between the companies emerged in August.
According to media reports, Disney wanted half of the box office revenue from the Spider-Man films on the condition that both companies pay half of the production costs.
But that didn't sit well with Sony.
News of the beloved superhero's possible departure from the Marvel Cinematic Universe has angered many devoted fans.
Details of the new terms have not yet been released.
According to CNBC, Sony declined to comment on the agreement, but said, "We have worked well together for the last four years, and our shared desire to continue working together was commensurate with the wishes of many [Spider-Man] fans.
We're excited to be able to move forward together. '
Avengers: Infinity War, which brought together Spider-Man, Thor, the Hulk, and other Marvel superheroes, became the highest-grossing film in world cinema history, ousting Avatar from first place.
Belarusian President invited to visit Crimea
Head of the Belarusian community of Crimea Roman Chegrinets invited Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko to visit the peninsula.
The ultimate dream is to inherit power
How Lukashenko's 25-year rule in Belarus was remembered
In his opinion, closer economic cooperation with Belarus will benefit the region.
Chegrinets expressed confidence that Belarusian enterprises will come to Crimea after Lukashenko, RIA Novosti reports.
On September 26, the President of Belarus responded negatively to a question from a Ukrainian journalist about the return of Crimea to Ukraine.
According to the Belarusian leader, he does not think it is possible in the foreseeable future: "This issue is closed once and for all."
However, Kiev and the West did not recognize the results of the vote.
Lukashenko names reasons for continuation of conflict in Donbas
Famous blogger Andrei Poltava was searched: what is known at the moment
On Friday, September 27, in Poltava, the house of relatives of volunteer and blogger Andrei Karpov, known as Andrei Poltava, is being searched.
This was reported by the blogger himself on Facebook, noting that he does not live at this address.
In addition, Poltava writes that once again he received an email with the following content: "We inform you that in the territory... I left a homemade bomb.
A second similar explosive device, planted in a car, will be detonated today near the home of the well-known Ukrainian propagandist Andrei Karpov (also known as Andrei Poltava)...
Death to the Punishers. "
Karpov believes that his activities as a volunteer, politician and blogger are not liked by the Russian occupiers.
Poltava's subscribers are sure that he is making the right transfers and wish him strength and friction.
Recall that Poltava talks with Russians about the war in Donbas, the annexation of Crimea, peace, politics, and then uploads the video to the Internet.
The blogger ran for the Verkhovna Rada from the European Solidarity Party.
He now hosts TV broadcasts on the channel Pryaznoy, where he harshly criticizes Russian propaganda.
In 2017, according to ICTV, Karpov was recognized as the best blogger in Ukraine.
Riigikogu: Estonia wants to make 2050 climate targets even more ambitious
Commission Chair Anneli Ott noted that the commission has held three hearings so far.
Experts, entrepreneurs and representatives of the Ministry of the Environment presented their vision for achieving carbon neutrality in Estonia.
"The review will confirm that, together with other EU member states, Estonia is actively seeking opportunities to make the 2050 climate targets even more ambitious and to agree on how to achieve them," Ott said.
The Chair added that the government had also scheduled a discussion on the analysis of Estonia's rising climate ambitions for October 3.
The decision will continue to be discussed in the commissions of the Riigikogu.
Commission Vice-Chair Riina Sikkut said Estonia needed a clear plan for achieving the climate targets agreed with all stakeholders.
International agreements and the high cost of carbon credits will be in any case.
"In addition to energy, domestic discussions could focus on measures in agriculture, transport, forestry and housing.
It is necessary to take into account the socio-economic impact of all changes, "Sikkut stressed.
This autumn, the Riigikogu Commission for European Union Affairs launched a series of parliamentary hearings to prepare a decision with which Estonia will participate in EU negotiations on climate targets for 2050.
Chelsea will lure Neymar with record-breaking wages
The management of English Chelsea has expressed a desire to acquire the French PSG striker Neymar.
El Desmarque reports.
According to the publication, the London club will make an offer to the Parisians in the summer transfer window.
It is noted that Chelsea are going to pay PSG 300 million euros and offer Neymar a contract with a salary of 42 million euros, which will make him the highest-paid player in the world.
The Brazilian has expressed a desire to return to Barcelona this summer.
Neymar, according to media reports, did not want to stay at PSG, but ultimately failed to leave for another club in the last transfer window.
After that, Parisians fans publicly addressed the footballer, expressing dissatisfaction with his actions.
In Rostov region, a child's hand was amputated because of a medical error
In Rostov region, an 11-year-old boy lost his arm due to a mistake by doctors.
This is described in an article published on the pages of the Internet media.
According to REGNUM news agency, the child was taken to a hospital in the city of Zernograd with a broken arm.
The boy was put in plaster and then developed gangrene.
As a result, the limb had to be amputated.
The cited material states that Roszdravnadzor staff identified in the medical institution "violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis of the child, as well as the standard and scope of care provided at the first stage of treatment."
Investigators will investigate the incident.
A woman with two children was hit by a car in Penza region
A car hit a woman with an infant in a stroller and a three-year-old son in Penza region, killing one child.
This was reported to Interfax by Olga Evdokimova, Head of the press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs for the region.
The accident happened in the Serdobsky district on Friday evening.
The interlocutor of the agency specified that the woman was walking along the side of the road with a stroller carrying a child born in 2019 and a son born in 2016.
The driver of the Ford Focus hit all three.
As a result, the older boy died.
The younger child was taken unconscious to hospital.
The woman had no injuries and was released after an examination.
According to Evdokimova, the culprit of the accident tried to leave the scene, but was promptly detained.
According to preliminary data, the driver was drunk and was sent for a medical examination.
The accident is being investigated.
In Krasnodar, a high-ranking ex-policeman from the KBR has been detained
In Krasnodar, the guards detained Sergei Rybnikov, the former head of the Kabardino-Balkaria Investigative Department of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, in a rented apartment.
He has been wanted since May as part of a bribery case, RIA Novosti writes, with reference to representatives of the Russian Interior Ministry and the TFR.
The man was taken to an investigation unit.
The figure in the case has been remanded in custody, having previously been charged in absentia.
According to law enforcement agencies, in 2017-2018, officials of the Ministry of Internal Affairs for the Kabardino-Balkar Republic received a bribe in the amount of 42 million roubles.
For this money, they did not prevent the illegal transportation of alcohol-containing products in the region.
Sixteen people are on trial.
At the same time, 14 of them were detained at the initial stage of the investigation.
Oleg Vinnik went to the base of the "Peacemaker": what happened
Popular Ukrainian singer Oleg Vinnik, who starred in the # VsemPeace project with Russian stars who supported the Kremlin's policy towards Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea, was included in the "Peacemaker" base.
A message about this appeared on the official website of the base.
The description refers to the fact that Vinnik became a participant in the Russian propaganda anti-Ukrainian action # VsemPeace, aimed at shifting responsibility for the war unleashed by Russia (the aggressor country) to Ukraine.
Recall that Vladimir Pozner, Mireille Mathieu (France), Alessandro Safina (Italy), Valeria, Soso Pavliashvili, Igor Krutoy, Zara, Tamara Gverdtsiteli, Denis Klaver, Valery Syutkin, Dmitry Malikov, Maksim Pokrovsky, Yana Poplavskaya, Maksim Averin, Ksenia Alferova, Nonna Grishaeva and others took part in the clip.
Most of the flashmob participants publicly support the Kremlin's aggressive policy.
Vinnik became the only Ukrainian participant in the project.
The singer's press service previously explained that the artist took part in a project in support of the International Day of Peace, which is celebrated on September 21, and did not change his patriotic position.
Recall that there was a wave of outrage online.
The video itself is called a mockery.
How can artists who have visited occupied Crimea, who support the policies of Putin, who launched the war in Donbas, where people are dying almost every day, talk about peace?
Four people have been convicted of a series of robberies of dacha in Khabarovsk
In Khabarovsk, a court sentenced four residents of the village of Druzhba, who for two years looted dacha in the partnership "Kosmos" and "Raduga" near the Black River.
This was reported by Khabarovsk Krai Today news agency on September 27.
The gang included previously unconvicted men aged 31 and 37 and two brothers aged 21 and 24.
It was established that the mastermind of the crimes was the eldest of the brothers, who had served time in a juvenile colony in his youth.
Alone, he robbed nine houses, and the rest later joined in.
The damage from each of the thefts ranged from three to 21 thousand roubles.
Criminals took away stoves, refrigerators, curtains, buckets, gas canisters, chairs, bollards and many other items.
They were caught thanks to a security alarm in the last house.
The defendants were found guilty of theft committed with unlawful entry into a dwelling, causing significant damage by a group of persons by prior conspiracy.
"The brothers were sentenced to 3 years 6 months imprisonment in a penal colony, the other two defendants were sentenced to 2 years 10 months and 1 year 6 months suspended imprisonment," the agency quotes senior assistant prosecutor of Khabarovsk district Yulia Vasilyeva as saying.
Medvedev: Kokorin continues training according to the individual program
Zenit St. Petersburg forward Aleksandr Kokorin continues to train according to the individual program after his release on parole, TASS reports, with reference to the general director of the team, Alexander Medvedev.
Last Thursday, September 26, the striker started training with Zenit-2.
Vladislav Radimov, the coach of the second blue-white-blue team, posted a photo with Kokorin on his Instagram.
Earlier, Medvedev said that Kokorin might play for Zenit in a friendly match in the autumn.
In official meetings the forward will be able to prove himself after January 22, 2020, he should be registered in the next transfer window.
Recall that on October 8, 2018, Kokorin, his younger brother Kirill, Krasnodar Khavbek Pavel Mamaev and children's coach Alexander Protasovitsky staged a series of fights in the center of Moscow.
Drunk athletes beat three people.
They were in pre-trial detention for a long time.
In May 2019, the court sentenced them to real prison terms.
The Kokorin brothers were jailed for a year and a half, Mamaev and Protasovitsky for 1 year and 5 months.
In September 2019, the court granted the athletes "request for parole, with the exception of Protasovitsky.
The first fights by Alexander Emelyanenko's rules will take place on November 29.
The first MMA fights by the rules that Alexander Emelyanenko came up with will take place in Moscow on November 29 - on the undercard of a boxing bout between Emelyanenko and strongman Mikhail Koklyaev.
We lost fights in staginess, - Emelyanenko told in an interview with "SE."
There is no one to look at.
Therefore I came up with a new type of mixed single combats - Universal World Fight.
The rules are three different rounds.
MMA is a sport where all martial arts are collected.
The fighter of the mixed style has to be able to do everything - both to work in a rack, and to fight, and in orchestra seats to work.
The first round - only shock equipment in a rack.
The second round - only wrestling, thus time for carrying out reception in orchestra seats is limited to 30 seconds.
Round three - everything is allowed.
When will the first tournament take place according to the rules that you came up with?
November 29.
On the undercard of our fight with Koklyaev.
But it is not yet known exactly how many fights there will be.
Veteran and his wife killed in Russian city
A Great Patriotic War veteran and his wife were killed in Ryazan.
This is reported on the website of the regional Investigative Committee.
The bodies of a man and a woman born in 1928 and 1930 were found in their apartment.
It is noted that they showed signs of violent death.
A criminal case has been opened into the incident.
The investigation is checking various leads, including those related to the self-serving motive of the murder.
The investigation is ongoing.
On August 24, it was reported that a man who killed a 92-year-old veteran for money for drugs was detained in Kaluga.
It is noted that the elderly man was hit at least ten times.
Criminal proceedings were instituted under article 111, paragraph 4, of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation ("Deliberate infliction of grievous bodily harm resulting in the death of the victim through negligence").
Telegram channel Mash later reported that the suspect in the killing five years ago had glassed the veteran's balcony.
KamAZ-Master will field four crews at Dakar 2020
On Friday, September 27, a press conference "KamAZ-Master" took place in Naberezhnye Chelny, where the head of the team, Vladimir Chagin, named the drivers who will take part in the rally-raid "Dakar 2020."
The Russian team will be represented at the rally marathon by four crews who will perform on KamAZ-43509 trucks: the defending champion of Dakar, Eduard Nikolaev, the winner of the Silk Road 2019 rally, Anton Shibalov, and Andrei Karginov and Dmitry Sotnikov.
Currently, the process of preparing the team for the Dakar 2020 rally has entered the final stage.
As the press service of the team reports.
On December 5 and 6, in Marseille, France, there will be initial technical checks and loading on a ferry to send the equipment of the participants of the race to the Arabian Peninsula.
Recall that, starting in 2020, the Dakar Rally Marathon will change its location.
After 10 years on South American routes, race organizers have signed a five-year contract with Saudi Arabia.
The 42nd Dakar will start on January 5 from the Red Sea coast of Jeddah.
On January 11, participants will spend a day of rest in the Kingdom's capital, Riyadh, and, finally, the race is scheduled to finish on January 17 in Kiddia.
Trade with Russia Is Not Just Tanks
Trade between Russia and India could double thanks to the geopolitical situation.
Deputy Director of the Confederation of Indian Industry Manish Kumar spoke about this at the V Anniversary Forum of Small and Medium-Sized Businesses of the SCO and BRICS regions.
It is important for us to learn from the SCO and BRICS countries, including Russia, stressed the guest from Delhi.
- Our confederation has 9,000 direct members and 300,000 partner companies from 130 countries.
All of these are small and medium-sized businesses that cooperate with the countries of the Shanghai Organization.
And we are not standing still, but developing, and all these sanctions against Russia and the geopolitical situation in general only help us all to grow.
Our bilateral trade now exceeds $10 billion, but that figure could be doubled.
First and foremost, through new technologies in health care, artificial intelligence, and robotics.
Our trade is not just tanks and heavy industry.
According to Manish Kumar, India has already established the first contacts with modern centers of Russia.
For example, a delegation from Delhi and other cities recently visited Skolkovo and Innopolis.
We signed a memorandum on the creation of systems in which it will be possible to build your modern business.
After all, entrepreneurship is not a whim, but a necessity.
We need a step toward economic prosperity.
We need to expand and attract small and medium-sized businesses, and together with Russia, China and other countries, we will certainly do so, "the Indian industrialist stressed.
Recall that Ufa is hosting the Forum of Small and Medium-Sized Businesses of the SCO and BRICS regions for the fifth time in a row.
From 25 to 27 September, more than 2,800 people from Russia and 31 other countries took part in the forum.
As part of his working trip to Tobolsk, the Governor of Tyumen Region, Alexander Moore, took part in the grand opening of the Sokolovsky water intake after reconstruction.
Now its capacity is 25 thousand cubic meters per day.
Reconstruction of the water intake took place within the framework of the implementation of the federal project "Clean Water" under the national project "Ecology."
Investors helped the authorities: Sokolovsky's water intake was another example of the use of public-private partnerships.
Tyumen Oblast has a unique experience of interaction in this area between federal structures, regional authorities, local administrations and private investors.
New artesian wells have appeared at the site.
Above them, pumping stations were built.
Water purification and disinfection facilities have been reconstructed.
As a result, Sokolovsky's water intake will provide residents of Tobolsk with quality drinking water.
Sokolovsky and Zhukovsky water intakes are planned.
Then Tobolsk will be fully able to switch to underground water sources.
Wastewater treatment plants to be expanded in Vagai
Trump's conversation with Zelensky seen as' Russian footprint 'in Congress
In the lower house of the US Congress, the Russian Federation was accused of involvement in the scandal caused by a telephone conversation between White House chief Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky.
The suggestion that the "Russians" might somehow be behind the story was made by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, MSNBC News reports.
"I believe Russia had a hand in this," the Democrat said, but declined to comment further.
Pelosi-led Democrats, who hold a majority in the House, had earlier announced the launch of impeachment proceedings against the president.
This came after an intelligence informant complained about Trump.
The informant suspected that in a conversation with Zelensky in July, Trump pressured his interlocutor to bring the case against the son of former Vice President Joseph Biden, who could be Trump's running mate in a year's time.
The White House had to provide members of Congress and the public with a transcript of the controversial conversation.
Norilsk Nickel will allocate 139.8 billion roubles for dividends in the first half of the year
Norilsk Nickel will allocate 139.88 billion roubles (about $2.1 billion) for dividends in the first half of 2019.
The decision was made at an extraordinary meeting of shareholders.
It is noted that the payment per share will amount to 883.93 roubles.
"Shareholders approved October 7, 2019 as the date on which the persons entitled to receive dividends are determined," the press service of the company said.
According to the Moscow Exchange, as of 18: 03, the value of one Norilsk Nickel share rose by 1.04% - to 16,500 roubles.
Wang Yi meets with UN Secretary General A. Guterres
State Councilman and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres at the United Nations headquarters in New York on Thursday.
As A. Guterres stated at the meeting, China plays an extremely important role in the creation of a multipolar world.
The UN is grateful to the Chinese government for its strong support and fruitful cooperation, and appreciates China's important contribution to the international fight against poverty, climate change, and the creation of the Green Belt and Road.
He wants to deepen cooperation with China on security, peace, and sustainable development, and expects China to continue to play a leading role in combating climate change and other areas.
Wang Yi, for his part, noted that multipolarity is an inevitable trend, and every country has the right to development.
Multipolarity cannot be realized without multilateralism, symbolized by the basic purposes and principles enshrined in the UN Charter.
According to the minister, China advocates a more active role for the UN, supports the work of the Secretary General of the world organization and strictly adheres to the basic ideas and principles of the UN Charter.
Next year will mark the 75th anniversary of the founding of the UN, and the Chinese side intends to use this opportunity to strengthen cooperation with the world body in order to jointly create a wonderful future for the world.
Philippine President Duterte to visit Russia for five days
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will arrive in Russia in October, TASS reports, citing Philippine Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Amelita Aquino.
It is specified that Duterte will arrive in Russia on October 1.
His visit to Russia will last until October 5.
Aquino said the Philippine president was traveling to Russia at the invitation of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
Duterte will attend the Valdai Club meeting in Sochi.
The Philippine leader will also visit Moscow.
In the capital, Duterte will take part in a Russian-Philippine business forum and give a lecture at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO).
According to Aquino, the main event of the trip will be a meeting between the two presidents.
The leaders are expected to discuss the state of bilateral relations and how the countries can further expand cooperation in various areas.
It is noted that the meeting between the Filipino leader and the Russian leader will be the fourth in a row.
The presidents first met in 2016 at the APEC summit in Peru.
In May 2017, the head of the Philippines visited Russia, and another meeting of the leaders took place in November 2017 on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Vietnam.
Earlier, it was reported that Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte allowed citizens to shoot graft officials.
Elon Musk responded in Russian to an "unusual invitation" to come to Krasnodar for a business forum
Tesla and SpaceX founder Elon Musk has responded to an invitation from the organizers of the Krasnodar business forum to attend the event.
The billionaire wrote a comment under one of the photos posted with an "invitation billboard" outside his company's office.
Earlier, one of the organizers of the forum "Case for Small" posted a billboard in the California city of Hawthorne with the inscription "Kak tebe takoe?," and on the other hand posted the website welcomeelon.com.
There is also a special QR code, which will help you go to the forum's website and familiarize yourself with all the information.
"Language is well hung up," the inventor wrote in Russian in response to the invitation, teleprogramma.pro.
It is not yet known what Musk meant by his answer, but many Russians, including speakers at the forum, are hoping for the billionaire's speech.
Meanwhile, the Vecherniy Urgant program has already presented what outfit the billionaire might be wearing in Krasnodar.
The businessman was dressed in a Cossack outfit and it was assumed that Musk would present in Kuban: an electric checker, an electric whip and an electric saddle for a horse.
The famous land art artist created a portrait of Greta Tunberg
Sooner or later, it had to happen.
The image of Greta Tunberg was immortalised by a tractor in a field.
The portrait of the activist was created by the famous land art artist Dario Gambarin.
A 16-year-old schoolgirl from Sweden with Asperger's syndrome became famous after speaking at the UN assembly.
The activist accused all adults of stealing childhood and dreams from the younger generation, polluting the planet, and depriving the future under the pretext of economic development.
Greta is nominated for an alternative Nobel Peace Prize, she could be the youngest recipient, and the media is calling the schoolgirl the most influential teenager in the world.
US Congress approves sale of F-35 fighter jets to Poland
Warsaw also plans to receive F-135 engines and related equipment
The United States Congress has approved the sale of 32 fifth-generation F-35 fighter-bombers to Poland.
This was announced by the Minister of National Defense of the Republic, Mariusz Blaszczak.
According to him, Warsaw will receive not only airplanes, but also 33 F-135 twin-turbojet engines developed by Pratt & Whitney, as well as related equipment.
The starting value of the contract is $6.5 billion.
"This is one of the last steps before the conclusion of the treaty, but it is not the end of our work.
We will do everything possible to get the best possible price, "Blaszczak wrote on his Twitter page.
The website kp.ru wrote that the American F-35 would have to replace the Soviet-made Mig-29 and Su-22 in service in Poland.
The bilateral deal is expected to increase the security of the republic.
The Russian Ministry of Defense has published a video of the launch of a supersonic Onyx missile in Chukotka
The Pacific Fleet's Bastion Coastal Complex launched its first supersonic Onyx cruise missile.
The video of the launch was posted by the Russian Defense Ministry on Twitter.
According to Zvezda TV channel, the rocket's flight took place as usual.
The missile successfully hit the target, which was more than 200 km away in the Chukchi Sea.
About 10 warships, as well as naval aircraft, ensured the safety of the maneuvers.
Equipment and military personnel were brought to the training site on an amphibious ship.
Shots fired at a naval target more than 200 kilometers away
Rospotrebnadzor categorically opposes the return of smokers to airports
Rospotrebnadzor strongly opposes the return of smokers to airports.
"Neither ventilation nor filters, even taken together, can reduce exposure to tobacco smoke to levels considered acceptable," the report said.
"Izvestia" on Friday reported that the Ministry of Health for the second reading of the bill has developed amendments, according to which it is proposed to equip two smokers per airport.
Expert reveals why it's worth giving up tea bags
A group of scientists from Canada, representing McGill University, found that brewing a tea bag in a cup in five minutes gets more than ten billion microplastic particles.
Sawdust particles can also be added to a packaged drink, food safety expert Elizabeth Tikhonova told Nation News.
According to the agronomist, the consumer cannot get reliable information about the composition of the tea bag - the producer can add ingredients that will not be indicated on the packaging.
Sawdust is not thrown away at the end of the season, so it can end up in tea.
"Moreover, tea plants are not always included in tea bags," Tikhonova said.
According to her, it is better to give up such a drink in favor of weight-loss tea, which is sold in specialty stores.
In addition, she stressed that the danger of packaged tea lies not only in the composition, but also in the method of its production - microparticles are heated to high temperatures, which can cause them to release harmful substances.
"It is best to buy pure green or black tea - such a drink will have the least additives," the expert pointed out.
Problems of Arctic development to be discussed at international conference in Norilsk
The problems of Arctic development will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk.
The forum was organized by the Norilsk Development Agency and the Taimyr Research Club, reports the Krasnoyarsk State Television and Radio Company.
Scientists from Russian cities - Moscow, St. Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Salekhard, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk, Dudinka - brought their reports.
Foreign guests came from Holland and Canada.
One of the central themes of the forum is how to develop urban environments in the Arctic without harming nature.
Guests of the forum will also be able to visit interactive platforms at the Norilsk State Industrial Institute.
And the Rodina cinema is waiting for film lovers - there will be screenings of popular science films about the Arctic region.
At creative meetings, travelers and scientists will share their experiences of exploring the Arctic.
The Forum will last three days.
Northern Walking Festival to be held in Ulyanovsk
Residents of Ulyanovsk region will take part in the Northern Walking Festival.
The mass launch will take place in the Coastal Park.
Teams from different cities and districts of Ulyanovsk region, which won in the municipal stages, will participate in the festival.
They are composed mainly of people over 50 years of age.
The project is designed to attract the older generation to an active pastime, reports 1ul.ru.
The city stage of the festival was held on September 7 in six parks at once.
Participants had to cover a distance of 3 km by northern walking.
The winner was determined by the sum of the years of the participants in the team.
The regional festival will take place on September 28.
Regions offered to share secrets of business support
As the Parliamentary Gazette learned, on September 27, Andrei Kutepov, Chairman of the Economic Policy Committee of the Federation Council, sent a letter to Minister of Economic Development Maxim Oreshkin and Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov with a proposal to express a position on the initiatives of the constituent entities of the Federation to improve legislation in the area of support for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
It's Time to Build Interregional Connections
The Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy summarized the information received from the regions on their existing business development and legalization programs for the self-employed, as well as the results of such programs.
In their letters, the regions told senators about the problems of SME development and sent proposals to improve the current legislation.
"To date, communication between the regions has not been sufficiently established, as a result of which the business community in all regions of the senators" visit highlighted the lack of information on regional entrepreneurship development programs in the country as a whole, "Andrei Kutepov stated.
In the annex to the letter, which was sent to the Government, he presented a set of positive practices of the regions on legalization of self-employment and summary data from the regions with proposals and problems (available to the editorial board).
In addition to the relevant ministries, summary data from the regions have also been sent to the heads of regional executive bodies.
Sharing information on good practices in the regions could give a boost to entrepreneurship in general.
The first step to such an exchange will be to send the information available to the Economic Policy Committee, "the senator told the Parliamentary Gazette.
Lessons learned
Today, many regions of the country have adopted and successfully operate programs to support small and medium-sized businesses.
For example, in Vologda Oblast, there is an Entrepreneurship Support Centre, which, in addition to financial support measures, assists businessmen in certifying finished products.
In Ivanovo Oblast, a business support system has been developed, providing for the implementation of the one-stop-shop principle through multifunctional centers.
In Krasnodar Krai, start-up agricultural consumer cooperatives receive grants from the regional budget.
There is a cluster development centre in Oryol Oblast.
Amur Oblast, within the framework of the federal project "Acceleration of Small and Medium-Sized Entrepreneurs," provides for the possibility of subsidizing business incubators created on the basis of existing non-state co-working centers at the expense of the federal budget.
And in a number of other regions, special measures are being taken to support youth entrepreneurship.
The self-employed continue to be dragged out of the shadows
According to the regional authorities, in order to support small and medium-sized businesses more effectively, a number of changes should be made to the current legislation.
For example, Arkhangelsk Oblast proposed replacing the term "self-employment" with "entrepreneurial activity," as this "most closely corresponds to the content of the state service to promote self-employment of unemployed citizens."
Ivanovo Oblast considers it necessary to introduce amendments providing for the expansion of the list of activities provided by self-employed citizens, including activities for the decoration and repair of dwellings, dacha buildings, and physical training classes.
Bryansk Oblast considers it important to strengthen control over unscrupulous dairy producers with the help of the Mercury veterinary system.
And in Kostroma and Magadan regions, there is a call for strengthening the concept of "social entrepreneurship" and areas of support for social entrepreneurship in the regulatory and legal framework.
All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state programs to support small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills.
"All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state programs to support small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills," Andrei Kutepov assured.
Airline helped passengers avoid being surrounded by crying children
Japan Airlines (JAL) has launched a new feature: when booking seats on a plane, you can now find out where young children will sit.
Now you can avoid them if you want.
Japan Airlines (JAL) passengers have been able to take advantage of the new option and avoid unwanted proximity with young children.
The airline has launched a feature that allows you to track where children will sit.
When selecting seats during the booking process, passengers will be able to see an image of a child's head in seats occupied by children aged between eight days and two years.
In this way, those who do not want to fly close to the babies because of the possible inconvenience of their crying can sit as far away from them as possible.
Internet users who use the airline's services were delighted with the innovation.
Some thanked the carrier, noting that other airlines should do the same.
One user complained that he was flying from New York to Doha a few weeks ago and had three crying children sitting next to him.
Another commentator suggested introducing "adult-only flights," expressing willingness to pay extra for such a flight.
Many tourists noted that they will now always try to choose Japan Airlines for their travel, as they see nothing nice about flying next to a crying child in a closed space.
Earlier, a woman traveling with an infant tried to appease fellow passengers on a Seoul-San Francisco flight.
She prepared a bag of sweets for each of the 200 passengers, each with a note of apology.
Has Oleg Tabakov's train appeared in the capital's subway?
If you regularly use the Kaluga-Riga line (as most Konkov residents do), you will be surprised.
A new theme train, "The Great Russian Artist Oleg Tabakov," has been launched in the underground.
Every day, this registered train transports 10,000 people.
He walks just along the orange line and talks about the director, actor and founder of the Tabakerka Theatre.
By the way, it is convenient to travel from Konkov to the performances that are being performed on the new stage of the theatre (it is located on Mala Sukharevskaya Square, next to the Sukharevskaya metro station).
As the press service of the Moscow Metro explained to us, "the exterior design of the thematic train uses images of fragments of stained glass windows of the new stage and includes portraits of Oleg Tabakov in iconic images created by him in theatre, cinema and animation."
The train tells about his family, the play "Sailor's Silence," with which the great life of the theatre began, about "Tabakerka" itself, and about his work as a director.
On the walls of the carriages you can see rare archive photos and footage from movies.
Russian gays with adopted children seek asylum in US
A same-sex couple of Russians with two adopted children have applied for asylum in the United States, RIA Novosti reports.
The men reportedly left the Russian Federation for Ukraine, then went to the States, where they applied for asylum.
According to a statement from the Stimulus group, the family's actions were motivated by "ongoing law enforcement interest."
The men reportedly have no plans to return to Russia.
Since the beginning of the school year, children have been studying in American schools and adapting to the new environment.
Recall, earlier it was reported that a case was initiated against employees of the Department of Social Protection of the Population of Maryino District because of the adoption of two young boys by a same-sex family.
At the same time, the HRC stated that raising children by a same-sex couple should not in itself become a reason to initiate proceedings.
In the press center of the Izvestia MIC, there will be a press conference of the MKHAT project "SEZON STIKHOV The Third Scene. Poetry"
On October 3, at 11: 00, the press center of the Izvestia MIC will host an announcement press conference: Start of the project "SEASON STICHOV: The Third Scene. Poetry" at the M. Gorky Moscow Art Museum.
Eduard Boyakov, artistic director of M. Gorky Moscow Art Theatre, director of the project.
Ivan Kupreyanov, poet, producer of the project.
Dmitry Vodennikov, poet.
Irina Lindt, theatre and film actress.
Alexei Shmelev, poet.
In the new season, the third stage of M. Gorky Moscow Art Theatre will become the territory of total poetry.
As part of the extensive program, performances based on the poems of the main poets of our time will be shown.
The project team will create for the audience a unique poetic world of poems, music and multimedia images.
The artistic director of the Moscow Art Museum, Eduard Boyakov, and the project's curator, poet and producer, Ivan Kupreyanov, will present the first and only theatrical anthology of contemporary fine literature - the project "SEASON STIKHOV: The Third Scene. Poetry."
The season opens on October 5 at 19: 00 on the Third Stage of the M. Gorky Moscow Art Theatre with a performance by the poet-legend, each performance of which becomes a significant event for connoisseurs of fine literature, Dmitry Vodennikov.
The performances will take place in October and November.
Each performance has its own author, curator, and actor.
Artists from Moscow Art Theatre and guest stars will take part in the performances: Irina Lindt, Agniya Kuznetsova, Olga Kabo, Alice Grebenschikova.
The musical concept of the project is by Sergei Letov.
The performances will be curated by Pavel Kryuchkov, Maria Golovanivskaya, Eduard Boyakov, Ivan Kupreyanov and others.
The project is implemented with the support of the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation.
Pavel Ustinov joined the pickets in support of the defendants in the "Moscow case"
Actor Pavel Ustinov joined a series of single pickets "Freedom for All," which are taking place on Friday at the Presidential Administration building in Staraya Square in Moscow, Interfax reports.
A series of pickets began on September 18 in support of Ustinov himself and has continued every day since.
At present, the participants of the action stand in turn, holding a placard with the inscription "Freedom for all" and the names of those convicted and arrested after uncoordinated rallies in Moscow in the summer of 2019.
In addition to Ustinov, the poster names Yegor Zhukov, Kirill Zhukov, Danil Beglets, Evgeny Kovalenko, Konstantin Kotov, Ivan Podkopaev, Aydar Gubaidulin, Alexei Minaylo, Sergei Fomin, Samariddin Radzhabov, Nikita Chirtsov, Eduard Malyshevsky, Vladislav Sinitsa.
On September 16, the Tver Court of Moscow sentenced 24-year-old Ustinov to 3.5 years in a general regime penal colony on charges of using violence against a member of the riot police of the Federal Guard at an uncoordinated action on August 3 in the center of Moscow (Part 2 of Article 318 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation).
Then, on September 20, at the request of the Prosecutor General's Office, the court changed Ustinov's preventive measure from detention to a travel ban.
Thus, a petition for Ustinov's release gathered more than 112,000 signatures in 24 hours.
Theatre and film artists started a flash mob in support of their colleague.
To participate in a single picket in solidarity with the actor on September 18, a line was formed in the Old Square.
Human rights activists, journalists, scientists, teachers, doctors, and Orthodox priests demanded a review of the case.
As Ustinov's sister Yulia told Interfax, her brother does not plan to speak at a rally on September 29 in the capital in support of the defendants in the "Moscow case."
Supplies of "sanctions" to Russia have fallen 100-fold
The Russian government estimates that the supply of agricultural products and foodstuffs to Russia from countries subject to the Russian food embargo has decreased by more than 100 times since 2013.
According to a report sent to Russian President Vladimir Putin, 31 thousand tons of products were imported from the sanctions countries in the first half of 2019, compared to 3 million 442.2 thousand tons in the same period in 2013, Interfax reports.
At the same time, the value of imported products fell to $226.5 million from $4,975.5 million, respectively.
This refers to the supply of goods that are not subject to the embargo.
According to the report, the volume of products banned from import was compensated by an increase in imports from the CIS countries, Africa, Southeast Asia, and Serbia.
Recall that at the end of August, the government extended until December 31, 2020 the validity of the rules for the destruction of agricultural products, raw materials and foodstuffs, which are prohibited for import into Russia under counter-sanctions.
The document, posted on the official portal of legal information, noted that the validity of the rules has been extended for another year - from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020.
Initially, the order to destroy the sanctions applied to products from the US, the EU, Australia, Norway and Canada.
Later, on August 13, 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland, Liechtenstein "joined" this list, and on January 1, 2016, Ukraine.
A decree signed by Putin to destroy illegally imported "sanctions" (products under a food embargo that Moscow imposed in response to Western anti-Russian sanctions) came into force in 2015.
In return, the government allowed the destruction of "sanctioned" foodstuffs by any legal means.
As Western sanctions continued, Russia also extended its retaliatory measures.
At the same time, this measure does not apply to products that citizens import for personal use.
The ban does not apply to the import of goods for personal consumption weighing up to 5 kilograms.
However, Mikhail Fedotov, Head of the Presidential Council for the Development of Civil Society and Human Rights, has previously called the destruction of food "simply immoral," which, according to him, has a negative impact on people's education.
Moreover, at the beginning of June, Rospotrebnadzor took the initiative to ban the destruction of foodstuffs fit for consumption.
The Human Rights Council under the President of the Russian Federation then made a similar recommendation to the government.
And Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation Alexei Gordeev stated that it is wrong to destroy food products, and it is necessary to think about how they can be used for their intended purpose, evaluating the quality.
Head of firm found guilty of tax evasion
The Leninsky District Court in Cheboksary convicted Vyacheslav Morozov, Director of Land and Pravo LLC, of committing crimes under Article 199 (2) (b) of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (evasion of taxes from an organization by including knowingly false information in a tax return, committed on a particularly large scale) and Article 327 (2) of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (forgery of an official document granting rights and exempting from obligations for the purpose of its use, committed in order to conceal another crime and facilitate its commission).
This is reported by the press service of the Investigative Department of the TFR for Chuvashia.
From January 2008 to December 2009, Vyacheslav Morozov entered information about imperfect transactions into the tax records of LLC.
According to fictitious documents, the company incurred additional costs and, consequently, the amount of value-added and profit taxes payable by the organization was reduced by 11.2 million roubles.
Vyacheslav Morozov received a suspended sentence of 3.5 years in prison.
By 2023, the first school of a new format will open in the center of the capital
A new school will be opened in Khamovniki.
According to the head of Moskomstroyinvest, Anastasia Pyatova, all conditions will be created there for the self-realization and development of children's talents.
The educational institution was decided to be called "New Look."
This project will be overseen by the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Higher School Economic Development Foundation.
It is planned to start designing the building with an area of about 10,000 "squares" as early as next year.
Construction will be completed at the end of 2022, and the first apprentices will begin to be recruited next year.
"The project provides for the creation of a publicly accessible, non-profit educational space, which will be based on the traditions of a classical Moscow school and experimental methods," the press service of Moskomstroyinvest noted.
Chile begins construction of €1 billion telescope
This is reported by TASS with reference to the press service of the European Southern Observatory (ESO).
According to ESO, construction officially began this week on the dome of the building that will house the E-ELT (European Extremely Large Telescope) telescope, so far the most expensive and ambitious ground-based astronomy project.
Its total cost, according to ESO estimates, will exceed a billion euros.
Most of this money will be spent on equipment and the construction of the observatory building.
The most expensive and complex component of the telescope is its record-breaking mirror, which will have a diameter of about 39 meters.
It will be assembled from 798 hexagonal segments measuring 1.4 metres.
This huge mirror, as well as two auxiliary reflective surfaces with diameter of 4.2 and 3.75 meters, will help E-ELT obtain the first detailed photos of planets outside the solar system, stars in other galaxies, and search for Earth's twin.
In addition, scientists will try to use the observatory to observe the vicinity of Sgr A *, a supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way.
Despite the fact that construction of the dome has only just begun, the mirrors, scientific instruments, and other components of the observatory have been developed by scientists, engineers, and other specialists for three years, since the first plans for the E-ELT were announced.
Germany's SCHOTT and France's Safran Reosc were awarded the contract for the production of the main mirror, with a combined value of around €400 million.
