Three people died in the CAR when helicopter crash
Three people were killed and another suffered as a result of the collapse of the Senegalese Armed Forces helicopter operating under the leadership of a UN peacekeeping mission in Bouar in the west of the Central African Republic.
This was reported on Friday by the portal DakarActu with reference to the Senegalese army.
Head of the mission Mankur Ndiaye confirmed the information about the air crash, noting that the helicopter crash occurred at the time of landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter returned after the operation to combat armed groups.
The Senegalese army reported that it was in contact with the United Nations on the evacuation of the victim and the bodies of the victims.
The coordinator of the Arkhangelsk headquarters was sentenced to public works
In October district court of Arkhangelsk the verdict to the coordinator of the regional headquarters Alexey Navalny Andrey Borovikov was announced.
For repeated violation of the rules of holding rallies (art. 212.1 of the Criminal Code, the so-called Dadine article), the court appointed 400 hours of obligatory work, the correspondent of "Kommersant" said from the courtroom.
The case was initiated in April this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a landfill in Arkhangelsk region.
The first article on Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation in 2015 was sentenced to three years' imprisonment by activist Ildar Dadin.
On the eve of the verdict, on September 26, the court held a debate of the sides.
The prosecution insisted on forced labour for a period of three years.
With regard to me, a preventive measure was chosen in the form of restriction of freedom, which is that I cannot visit public mass events and cannot communicate with the organizers of the protest action on April 7.
"All this time I wore an electronic bracelet and base.
So tracked my location.
I would like to note that in movements I was not limited.
Recently he came from Moscow, where he was trained,” Andrei Borovikov said.
After the announcement of the sentence, the coordinator of the regional headquarters Navalny said that he would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26 the deputy from the faction of the CRC Sergey Sharghunov introduced the bill to the State Duma, which mitigates Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code.
CRC representatives, LDPR and SR reported “Kommersant” to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: "Everyone in "Rubin" needs to think about the causes of unsuccessful matches."
The midfielder "Rubina" Pavel Mogilevets told about the reasons of the failed game of the team.
Kazans in the championship of Russia suffered four defeats in a row, and also departed from the Cup.
We are adjusting to every game - quote "Izvestia" Mogilevts.
Therefore, each of us needs to think about the reasons for such unsuccessful matches.
Ahead still meetings - it is necessary to prepare and correct the situation.
Как?
If we knew, it would probably be corrected.
But first of all, it seems to me, we need to add in such a component as single combats.
In my opinion, we have problems with this.
The Kremlin supports a ban on smoking on balconies of residential buildings
The Kremlin supports any measures that will save people’s lives, said the spokesman for President Dmitry Peskov commenting on the ban on smoking on the balconies and loggia of apartments.
Earlier, the Cabinet approved changes in the Regulation of the Fire Regime, according to which it is forbidden to use open fire on balconies and rooms of residential houses.
Later, in the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia reported that it is, among other things, about the prohibition of smoking on balconies and loggia of apartments and hotels.
Changes will take effect from October 1, 2019.
Administrative liability is provided for for violation.
The Kremlin positively treats any decisions that help save human lives.
"We know how many fires arise, many of them have very tragic consequences and public resonance.
Therefore, any saved life justifies such solutions,” Peskov said.
First of all, the spokesman assesses this as a fire-fighting measure, not a way to protect neighbors from tobacco smoke.
Sands also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome smoking and is a supporter of healthy lifestyles.
Gattuzo is looking for work in one of the Russian clubs
Italian football coach Jennaro Gattuzo arrived in Russia to search for a new club.
According to "Champion", the 41-year-old specialist flew to Moscow to explore the possibility of finding a job in any Russian club.
The previous place of work of Gattuzo was "Milan" which he headed from 2017 to 2018, and which under his leadership took the fifth place in the tournament table of the Italian series A and didn't manage to enter the Champions League.
As a trainer he also worked in the Swiss "Sion", Greek "OFI", as well as Italian "Palermo" and "Pisa".
Earlier it was reported that the talks of Pavel Mamayev with "Dynamo" under the threat of disruption.
Ex-trene "Milan" arrived in Moscow to lead the Russian club
The former player of the Italian national team and ex-head coach "Milan" Jennaro Gattuzo flew to Moscow to lead the Russian club.
Gattuzo is the world champion in 2006 as a part of the national team of Italy.
At the club level was known for the performance for "Milan", which was won twice in the UEFA Champions League in 2003 and 2007.
The Italian began his trainer's career in Sion.
Over the past two seasons, Jennaro headed "rossary".
Earlier it was reported that the footballer of the capital CSKA Konstantin Kuchayev spoke against the introduction of VAR.
The Secretary of the SNBO of Ukraine resigned
Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council (SNBO) of Ukraine Alexander Danilyuk wrote a statement of resignation, the office of the President of the country reports.
This was done before Vladimir Zelensky’s working visit to the United States to participate in the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
"The President will consider him upon his return to Kiev," said the office of Mr. Zelensky.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree on the appointment of the former Minister of Finance Alexander Daniluk as Secretary of SNBO at the end of May.
On this post Mr. Daniluk succeeded Alexander Turchinov, who resigned due to the change of president.
Stick - the ninth in the qualification of the WCh.
Russia Sofia Palkin took the ninth place in the qualification throwing of hammer in group A in the World Cup in Doha.
Its result is 68,53 meters.
In the ending four sportswomen who have overcome the milestone in 72 meters will act.
This is Joanna Fedorov (73.39 m), Ukrainian Irina Klimitsa (72,93), Frenchman Alexander Tavernier (72.91) and Belarusians Anna Malyshik (72,59 m).
In the ending 12 best sportswomen from two groups will act.
Participation of Palkina in wrestling for medals will become known after performance of sportswomen from group B.
Bolivia has failed during the first practice in Sochi
The Russian pilot "Toro Ross" Daniel Kvyatu had to complete his first free practice of the Grand Prix of the Russian Federation Formula-1.
The Bolivian of the Russian lost the power and the rider could not reach boxes.
Kut parked the car in one of the security zones.
Before flying out of the race, the Tor Ross pilot took the fifth position.
It is expected that the second free practice will take place today, September 27, at 15:00 Moscow time on "Sochi Autodrome".
Earlier it was reported that Ktly shared expectations from the Grand Prix of Sochi.
China strongly opposes the adoption by the United States of the Taybay Bill
China strongly opposes the adoption of the so-called Tibei Bill, which seriously violates the principle of one China and the principles of the three Sino-American joint communiqués.
This was stated on Friday by the official representative of the Office of the State Council of China for Taiwan Ma Siaoguan.
The approval by the U.S. Senate Committee on International Relations of this bill is also a serious violation of international law and the basic principles of international relations and gross interference in China's internal affairs, noted Ma Siaoguan.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues are the internal affairs of China.
“We call on the American side to clarify the situation, to immediately stop promoting the relevant negative bills, and to immediately stop interfering in the Taiwan issue in order to avoid further damage to the Chinese-American relations, as well as to peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait,” he said.
China must be and will be reunited.
This historic trend cannot be stopped by nickname and no effort, stressed Maiaohuan.
TikTok hides unpleasant videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under 18 years of age
Imagine China / Reuters
The Chinese social network TikTok puts censorship of videos that mention Tiananmen Square, the independence of Tibet or the prohibited religious group Falun Gong, says The Guardian.
The documents found in the edition tell that the owner of TikTok (the company ByteDance) promotes the objectives of China's foreign policy abroad.
The bulk of China's policy violations are “inciting hatred”.
In each case, TikTok places unpleasant publications in a context suitable for general rules to ensure that social network actions do not look censorship.
For example, the prohibition of the criticism of China's socialist system falls under the general prohibition of “criticism or attack on policies and social rules of any country, such as the constitutional monarchy, the parliamentary system, etc.).
The prohibition of mentioning incidents in Tiananmen Square or genocide in Cambodia falls under the “examination of China’s history or other countries”.
The document also contains a list of the prohibited names of twenty “foreign leaders or statesmen”, including North Korean leaders Kim Jong-il, Kim Il Sen and Kim Jong-un, Indian policy Mahatm Gandhi, American presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Geun-hye, President of Indonesia Joko Vidodo and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is stated in the document.
The prohibited material is divided into two categories, the document says.
Publications from the first category are deleted by social network administrators and can entail the user's blocking.
Not too strict violations include the second category: similar publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited to TikTok algorithms.
Representatives of ByteDance told The Guardian that these rules are outdated and no longer applied: "Now for moderation we use a localized approach, as well as attract independent local specialists".
Russian users of TikTok have no specific restrictions on publications, tells the co-founder of the "Food Center" Rustem Bogdanov.
"Producer Center" - one Russian media company, which officially cooperates with TikTok.
All advertising materials of bloggers "Producer Center" agree with representatives of the social network, but user materials can be placed without agreement, Bogdanov reports.
Asked whether in TikTok there is a policy or Putin, Bogdanov meets affirmatively and says that he saw such publications.
With Bogdanov agrees the founder of Our Didgital Roman Zaripov agency: "The main rules for TikTok users list in the user agreement: it is impossible to post shocking content that discriminate against statements and so on".
But under these rules it is possible to bring any content that does not like moderators, notes Zaripov.
Zaripov Agency is another Russian partner of TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under 18 years of age.
Only persons over 13 years of age can use TikTok under the user agreement.
Social network administrators check their age with artificial intelligence: neurosene analyzes faces and determines how many years the person looks, says Bogdanov.
If nurse decides that the user is younger, his account can remove, he adds.
According to RBC, in September 2019 ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of the cowing WeWork.
Istanbul residents spoke about the earthquake in the city
A strong earthquake caused panic in the largest city of Turkey
Last Thursday, 26 September, an earthquake of 5.9 in Istanbul took place in Istanbul.
34 people have suffered, ten of them are still in hospitals.
The resident of Istanbul Melik admitted that she had a panic attack for the first time in her life.
"I cried so much.
Rydal directly in the workplace.
Later it became easier, I returned to business.
But I am so ashamed now!", - said the girl TV channel "360".
"In Istanbul there was a real earthquake
I can't come back so far!
But in general I in order" - shared the impressions of political scientist Jayan Ozgul.
The project manager of Selin noted that the Mayor of the city keeps all residents informed, but, according to her, the citizens still feel small shocks of the magnitude about 3.2 or 3.5.
She also drew attention to the problem of communication immediately after the earthquake.
The jog reported that he could not allow his mother, but the Internet worked "excellent" and she was able to send a message via WhatsApp.
As the site kp.ru wrote, after the earthquake, all kindergartens and schools were closed, from which all students were evacuated.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of powerful underground push was recorded in 68 kilometers west of Istanbul, in the Marble Sea.
Matthews met with the leadership of "Toronto".
The attacker "Toronto" Oston Matthews met with the management of the club.
It discussed the case on which Matthews is accused of hooliganism.
Everything went well - quotes the player TSN.
Of course, I made a mistake.
And take full responsibility for the actions committed.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And we discussed with the club how to act in the current situation.
I believe that nothing has been spoiled in our relations.
In Roszdravnadzor reported on the results of the examination of the amputation of the hand to the child
The child in the Rostov region was amputated by a hand because of the mistake of doctors, reports "Vzglyad" with reference to the site of the territorial body Rosdravnadzor.
The 11-year-old boy broke his hand, after which he was placed in the Hospital of the Zernograd district.
After a while the baby developed a gangrene, was amputated.
As a result of the audit, it turned out that the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis, as well as the standard and volume of assistance provided, were committed.
The materials of the inspection were transmitted to the SU of the Russian Federation by the region.
Earlier URA.RU reported that the chief physician of the Hospital of Southursk was arrested.
Russians warned about false calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from fraudsters has increased, which replace the bank's telephone number.
This is reported by Kommersant with reference to the data of the Central Bank.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator handed over information about more than 2.5 thousand rooms to telecom operators, from which the clients of various financial organizations were called.
In 189 cases, operators found a change of numbers.
Another 218 rooms blocked, and in 59 cases the restriction on the use of financial services was set.
Deputy Head of the Department of Information Security of the Central Bank Artem Sychev said that a wide range of Russian banks has been confronted with the numbering of the number.
He explained that operators did not always respond to the Central Bank's warnings of fraudulent calls, referring to the absence of such a duty in the Liaison Act.
In the bank "Opening", Rosbank and Alfa-bank confirmed information about increasing the number of fraudulent calls with the numbering of the room.
According to the press service of "Bilina", part of the information about fraudulent calls, which was handed over to the Central Bank, was incorrect: in the lists there were numbers, which are really used by banks to communicate with clients.
Their blocking would lead to disruptions in the organization's work.
Artem Sychev said that the Central Bank plans to create a database of fraudsters, to which the operator of the communication will turn to each challenge for checking the number.
He explained that legislation would need to be amended to create such a base.
US-China trade talks to resume on October 10 in Washington
The new round of trade negotiations between the United States and China will be held in Washington on October 10, the CNBC TV channel reported.
According to his sources, the Chinese delegation will be headed by Deputy Prime Minister of the State Council of China Liu Hae.
It should be noted that the last round of trade negotiations between the United States and China was held in Shanghai at the end of July, but the sides were not able to make progress.
The new mutual duties of the U.S. and China entered into force on September 1.
Earlier, US President Donald Trump stated that Washington and Beijing could reach a trade agreement earlier than anticipated.
The State Duma will check violations of the law "Voice of America", "Meduz" and "Bi-bi-si"
The State Duma Commission for the Investigation of Foreign Intervention in the Internal Affairs of Russia will conduct inspections of some media on violations of Russian legislation.
This is reported by Interfax with reference to the head of the commission Vasily Piskarev.
In the field of view, the commission got "Medus", "MBH Media", "Voice of America", "This time", "Radio Liberty" and "Russian Service of BBC".
Earlier it was reported about planned inspections of Google and Facebook services.
Piskarev also said that he would ask the Foreign Ministry to decide on the further accreditation of German Deutsche Welle, in which the commission found signs of justification of extremism.
In September, Roskomnadzor revealed political advertising in Google, Facebook and Youtube services.
According to the Ministry, this took place during the Russian elections on September 8.
The facts of the violations were referred to the State Duma commission.
Later in Google stated that the company supports responsible political advertising.
In the opinion of the staff, it is obliged to comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook noted that the responsibility for compliance with Russian electoral legislation should be borne by advertisers, not a platform.
Head of Roskomnadzor Alexander Zharov accused the company of applying double standards when placing political advertising.
Tableberg discussed with Zelensky accession of Ukraine to NATO
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky discussed Ukraine’s membership in the alliance on the margins of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The Secretary General told about this during his speech at Columbia University in New York.
Answering the question, whether the relevant topic was raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg said that they really discussed the issue, and stressed that in their response did not call the timing of Ukraine's accession to NATO.
According to him, any country that would like to join the North Atlantic Alliance is obliged to meet certain conditions in order to meet specific standards, writes RT.
In Crimea offered the Green Alternative to NATO
President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky instead of the course for joining NATO is worth establishing good-neighbourly relations with Russia.
This was announced by the co-chairman of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Cheghrine on Friday, September 27.
“The President of Ukraine does not need to repeat the mistakes of the predecessor, but should heed the advice of the [United States President] Donald Trump, who he listened to with the sour face, and establish relations with the President of Russia,” said Cheghrine journalists “RIA Novosti”.
The Czech Republic noted that Zelensky is a good actor for him, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will be able to remain in power only if relations with the Russian Federation are established.
Earlier on 27 September, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that he had held a conversation with Zelen on the country's accession to the alliance.
According to him, for this purpose Ukraine is obliged to fulfill certain conditions.
On June 5, the deputy is pleased with Yevgeny Balitsky said that Ukraine's possible accession to the alliance does not guarantee improvement of life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
"Barcelona" blackmails Neimar
The Spanish "Barcelona" and its former footballer of the Brazilian Neymar try to settle the financial dispute that arose after the attacker's transition to the French "Pari Sen-Jermain".
The case almost reached the trial, but the Catalans offered the player to solve the dispute without the intervention of Femida.
Otherwise they deny him return.
Neymar and his cunning father, who is also an agent of the Brazilian, started an interesting focus: under the agreement with "Barsoy", which the player signed in 2016, he had to get 40 million euros.
However, literally in a year forward was in the "PHC" for a record 222 million euros.
However, he received 22 million from the Catalans and now wants to pick up the remaining 18.
Not only did the lawyers of the Brazilian insist that the club should also interest the interest for delaying payment.
When it became known in the capital of Catalonia about Neymar's claims, Barcelona sent a counterclaim.
"Sine-Green" insists that the bonus relied on the performance of the whole contract - from 2016 to 2022.
Accordingly, the club believes that the player has only a quarter of the 40 million euros and requires the return of the proportional part of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer of Neimar and "Bars" almost agreed to return the "blue" player in the bosom of Catalonia.
True, the deal broke out, but the hope for the reverse transition remains.
And here, according to Sports.Ru with reference to insiders, lawyers of the club told the player that if the issue of financial claims is not settled in pre-trial order, it will exclude the possibility of returning the Brazilian.
Naymar himself so wants to return that he asked for assurances that his Catalans would buy back.
March Laire: members of EKRE to do not enter the Bank of Estonia Board
Members of EKRE were not and will not be invited to the council.
On the composition of the Board of the Bank of Estonia, conclusions are drawn about the trust of the Estonian state.
As long as there are such behavior among the members of EKRE that they first say and then think, none of them will be invited to the bank's council.
“The Chairman of the Board of the Bank of Estonia cannot apologize for the statements of the members of the Board,” Laar said in an interview with Delfi, the portal of broadcasting ERR.
At the same time, Laar noted that EKRE is represented at the Eesti Pank meetings.
The current seventh composition of the Bank of Estonia Board includes, in addition to Laara, Liin Tõnisson, Kaye Kerem, Urmas Varblán, Kalev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (Party of Reform), Ann Listra and Rhine Mink.
On the proposal of Laara, two members of the board - Kallo and Tõnisson, to their place La Laar proposed Enna Easmaa (Central Party) and Ivari Padar (Social Democratic Party).
At the same time, the Reform Party wanted that instead of Yanus Tamkivi, Andres Suutti would enter the council.
But on this Laar replied that the goal of the Reform Party was to get two seats on the Bank of Estonia’s board – in addition to Yaanus Tamkivi in the council would include Andrés Sutti.
On Tuesday, September 24, the Riigikogu rejected Laara’s offer to appoint new members of the Bank of Estonia Board.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation commented on the scandal in Kyrgyzstan with the show Malakhova
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation commented on the situation with indignation, which caused another issue of the program Andrei Malakhov "Direct air" in Kyrgyzstan, RIA Novosti reported.
Earlier, the Russian diplomat was summoned to the Foreign Ministry of Kyrgyzstan after the broadcast.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic believes that the leading allowed incorrect statements about the situation around the citizen of Kyrgyzstan Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant of the accident, in which the Russian Alexander Marugov died.
Malakhov said that the citizen of Kyrgyzstan could build an accident.
The accident occurred on July 8 in Moscow.
Margov crashed on a motorcycle in a taxi, which was managed by Akbarov.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is the culprit of the accident.
Malakhov himself, who demanded apology from the citizens of Kyrgyzstan, said that these words were just a personal opinion.
As explained in the Russian diplomacy, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan did not cause Russian diplomats - a planned working visit, during which, among other issues, the statements of the TV presenter were discussed.
“The point of view of Andrei Malakhova is the opinion of the journalist, his personal look at the situation,” said the Foreign Ministry, answering that this incident will not affect the interstate relations between the Russian Federation and Kyrgyzstan.
Figurists Artemyev and Nazarchev won the stage of junior Grand Prix in Zagreb
Russian skaters Yulia Artemyev and Mikhail Nazarchev won gold in competitions of sports couples at the stage of junior Grand Prix held in Zagreb, writes TASS.
In short and arbitrary programs Artemyev and Nazarchev received 179.83 points.
On the second place with the result of 177.58 points was another Russian pair - Diana Mukhamezianov and Ilya Miroonov, bronze got to Germans Annik Hok and Robert Kunkel (156,31 points).
The Russian couple Anna Shcheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took the fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of the stage in Zagreb went to the final of the junior Grand Prix.
It will take place in Turin from 5 to 8 December.
Later on September 27, the young men will be shown in solitary confinement.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will be completed on Saturday, September 28.
On September 21, the Russian figure skater Alexander Trusov installed new world records in an arbitrary program and on the sum of points on the tournament in Slovakia.
Judges assessed her arbitrary hire in 163.78 points, and a short program - in 74.91 points.
For 15-year-old sportswoman these competitions became the first at an adult level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only production of Belarus
President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only to produce Belarus.
Lukashenka today visited one of the local enterprises for the production of cosmetics.
He said that import cosmetics is not better than Belarusian, and the advantage of domestic products is that it is made of local raw materials.
“It is necessary to use it,” the Belarusian leader said.
Alexander Lukashenko stated the need to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the Belarusian leader advised local sugar reprocessors to find new markets for products.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exports to Russia and “not to suffer”.
The sugar export situation has deteriorated due to the excess of the product in the markets - reminds RBC.
This concerned both Russia, which, due to the surplus of sugar, cost 50 kopecks per kilogram less than in Belarus.
In Domodedovo truck we died a seven-year-old girl on the transition
The driver shot down a mother with a child at a pedestrian crossing to Domodedovo, "Interfax" the head of the press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia in the Moscow region Tatyana Petrova reported.
As Petrov told, the incident took place on Friday at 08:25 on Gagarin Street.
The mother with her daughter shot down a resident of Domodedovo in 1994 for the driving of the truck "Gaz".
As a result of the accident, a seven-year-old child died on the ground and a woman was hospitalized.
"For the driver, a criminal case was opened under Part 3 of Article 264 of the Criminal Code (violation of traffic rules and the operation of vehicles, which negligently caused the death of a person)", - said the representative of the regional police chief.
The sanction of this article provides for a maximum penalty of up to 5 years' imprisonment.
At present, the offender has been detained, concluded Petrov.
Former head of DNR spoke about his work in Russia
The former. Acting head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DNR) Dmitry Trapeznikov, who headed the administration of Elista, assessed the state of the city.
This official told in the comment Telegram-channel "Lifting".
According to him, the city is in a depressive economic condition.
"It is necessary to equalize the economy, it is necessary to make an economic hand: here, of course, it is necessary and expensive to do, and external lighting", - he told, adding that among the tasks - to make a comfortable well-equipped city.
The trapeznikov for the position of mayor of Elista proposed the head of Kalmykia Batu Hasikov.
The former. Acting head of the NDP admitted that he was familiar with the head of the region for a long time.
In particular, he visited the republic on several occasions, where he worked with young people and carried out sports events.
"And here he turned to me, invited to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then proposed to lead the city", - the official added.
Separately, the Trapeznikov commented on the information of the source of the Grigory Berezkin RBC, who said that his candidacy to the head of Kalmykia offered to the assistant president Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication, "duely friends" with Hasikov.
"Is it Little what write.
And at the level of various invented stories happens.
I think it is not worth paying attention,” he added.
The Mayor of Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and DNR passport.
On September 26, he headed the administration of Elista.
Putin and Security Council discussed security without DSMD
The meeting also discussed the settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee
Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed with the Security Council of the Russian Federation the issues of security after the termination of the medium-range missile agreement, including taking into account the proposal of a number of NATO member states to impose a moratorium on the deployment of RSM.
This was announced by spokesman for Russian leader Dmitry Peskov.
The representative of the Kremlin noted that the current issues of socio-economic development of the country, as well as further prospects for settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee, were discussed and discussed.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Chairman of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko, Secretary of the Security Council Nikolai Patrushev, Director of the FSB Alexander Bortnikov, Head of the Ministry of Defense Sergey Shoigu, Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergey Naryshkin.
As the site kp.ru wrote, on September 25, the Russian leader sent a proposal to some member countries of the North Atlantic Alliance to impose a moratorium on the deployment of medium-range and less-range missiles in Europe.
However, Secretary General Alanyans Jens Stoltenberg called Putin’s proposal unrealistic.
The dumping of the track on the track under construction in the Crimea
The dumping with the lifted body shot down two beams of the overpass on the road "Tavrida" in Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cabin and thus saved his life.
The incident occurred in the morning of September 27 in Bakhchisaray district of the peninsula.
The man driving a heavy car has broken down the body, and when remembered - it was too late to hinder.
The driver jumped out of the cabin, and the dump truck at the speed crashed into the vapour.
The rolled beams were confused by the cabin and blocked the carriageway, which, however, does not yet have a movement.
The amount of damage has yet to be determined, to recover it with the subcontractor of the construction of the route, whose driver and arranged an accident.
Medvedev congratulated educators on the professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated the educators and all pre-school workers on the professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in the telegram published on the Government's website.
Medvedev noted that the profession of the teacher is special, requiring huge love for his cause, wisdom, patience and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you your child.
And you do everything to make the kindergarten become the second home for children, where cozy, interesting, safe.
"Together with you they will know the world around the world, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn autonomy, the ability to communicate and friends," the Prime Minister said.
According to the Prime Minister, thanks to the educator children are formed character and revealed abilities.
Medvedev is sure that the future of children depends on the educator.
"That is why the development of preschool education, the improvement of its quality, the construction of modern kindergartens, the material support of the employees of preschool institutions - priority tasks of the state social policy, for which the national project "Demography" is directed," the head of the Government said.
Rooms in the center of Moscow surrender at the price of the apartment on the outskirts
Despite the decrease in the number of communes in Moscow, the demand for them does not fall.
The offer is tightened for demand at the expense of the room delivery of apartments.
In the center of Moscow rental of rooms is expensive faster than on the outskirts - mainly due to high demand.
At the same time, the rooms in the center are surrendered at the price of apartments on the outskirts.
Thus, in Khamovniki the average price for renting a room is 28 thousand rubles, according to the study of the portal "Mir Apartments".
For these money it is possible to remove one-track near MKAD.
At Arbat rooms are surrendered on average 27.3 thousand rubles, although individual offers can compete with rates not only on one-bedroom, but also on two-bedroom apartments in sleeping areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are surrendered to Kapotna - the average price for the district amounted to 13.6 thousand rubles.
The second place is cheap in the area of Biryulevo West (13.8 thousand).
For 14.1 thousand rooms in Biryulev East and Veshnyakov are surrendered.
The most expensive area for MKAD was the Sun, where the rooms are surrendered almost 16 thousand rubles per month.
The rooms in North and South Butov and Novo-Bredelkin will cost a little cheaper.
How to increase the future pension and not process
It is able to pay a pension not only to the Pension Fund of the Russian Federation, but also to non-state pension funds.
APF is private companies, reports "Volgogradskaya Pravda.ru".
They work as a contribution: you make contributions, the fund will invest them and over time returns you money with interest.
If you are interested in this method, first study the information about APF on the website of the Bank of Russia.
All funds operate under a single rules that are established by federal laws.
Pension points can be bought by law.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of experience you are lacking for pension accrual.
This method is suitable for those who worked informally.
In addition, a contribution can be made for their relative, for example, to the housewife.
Recommendation for those who think about the pension at the beginning of their labour path.
The increased amount of pension payments is received by employees of the civil service, doctors, teachers, agricultural workers and people who have worked for a certain number of years in the districts of the Far North.
In order to not abandon the retirement age, take care of it in advance.
Buy a property, currency, securities, postpone money for deposits.
The most important thing is to constantly improve your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth power unit of Chernobyl
The video recording made in the dispatching fourth power unit at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant appeared on the Internet, its first published on YouTube video agency Ruptly.
It is noted that access to the fourth Chernobyl reactor management hall was received by a group of 15 representatives of the mass media in the framework of the presentation of the guide for the alienation zone.
As reported in the Telegram channel RT, journalists were there in special protective costumes less than five minutes, as the ruins of the destroyed explosion of the power unit still deplete radiation, 40 thousand times higher than the norm.
The accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant took place on the night of 26 April 1986.
Radiation contamination was carried out in 12 areas in Ukraine and 23% of the area of Belarus.
19 regions were affected in Russia.
Recall, in July this year the Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky signed a decree, according to which in the Chernobyl zone there was a green corridor open to tourists.
Also in the area of alienation the ban on shooting was removed.
Earlier it was reported that the zone of alienation of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant from the Belarusian side was opened for tourists.
The organizers of the excursions stressed that the day in the zone can be obtained less radiation than during the flight on the plane.
Tarasov repeated the trick of Ibrahimovich
The former midfielder of the Moscow "Lokomotiv" took part in the luck, which launched the Swedish forward of the American "Los Angeles Galaxy" Zlatan Ibragimovich.
The video with the trick of Tarasov laid in his Instagram.
After that Tarasov Challenge of Havbeks "railway" Alexey and Anton Miranchukov, Rap executor T-Killah, as well as bloggers with YouTube-channel 2DROTS.
The Swede published a video with a hashtag #matrixchallenge, which holds the ball on the breast, deviating back, and carries out the movements with hands as the main character of the film "Matrix" Neo, which in one of the scenes in this way evaded the flying bullets.
Ibrahimovich proposed to repeat the trick of the hawbek "Manchester United" Pole Pogba, tennis player Novak Jokovich, the Russian champion of UFC Habib Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Rayole, having celebrated them under record.
Earlier it was reported that the wife of the Ukrainian footballer took part in the luck of Ibrahimovich.
Russia and Slovakia’s trade turnover can reach $6 billion in 2019
In the event of a positive trend, the trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia can reach 6 billion rubles in 2019, said the Slovak Minister of Economy Peter Zhig.
At the meeting of the intergovernmental commission on economic and scientific and technical cooperation of the Russian Federation and Slovakia, the Minister noted the growth of trade turnover between the two countries.
According to the results of last year, it amounted to 13 percent, an indicator of 5.5 billion dollars was reached.
In the first half of 2019, the states reached 3 billion dollars of trade turnover, Zhiga said.
According to the head of the Ministry of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov, in order to consolidate this positive trend it is necessary to increase cooperation cooperation in the industrial sector.
Earlier it became known that the parliamentarians of Russia and Slovakia are going to hold joint activities on the development of tourism between countries, as well as interaction in the field of health and education.
On TNT decided that the ripper Guff is not good enough for the show "Holystyak"
In the web a few days condemned, and whether the rapper Guff was to be a new "Holyst".
He was also remembered and his numerous treason and escort with escort and even decided that thus the musician wants to be rehabilitated for the scandalous clip "Moscow", which received a record number of diesels at the listeners.
But all the leadership of the TNT channel decided to stop all the crossings at once.
Guff will not be a new participant of the show "Holstyak".
The official statement of the press service states that it was considered on this role, but eventually chosen another candidate.
Who could be better than Gutha?
Yes, in fact, who pleases...
"Well, at least in something producers were able to understand, it is not the format for this program", "Yes they simply want little girls for it didn't score", "Over the next glorious boy on the screen will be forgotten", - the news users of the Network will compete.
Mahomed Ismailov: "When I hear such support of fans, I will become simply abnormal in the cell".
The Russian fighter of the mixed single combats (MMA) Mahomed Ismailov commented on the victory over Artem Frolov on the ACA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy is just a cannon.
He has cannon blows.
And when I looked into him, I saw a desire and a character.
This is a real peasant.
More respect for him.
I wish him good luck in the future.
He is a real man.
When I hear such support of fans, I will simply become abnormal in the cell.
It was very difficult.
I tried.
I spoke about the show.
I promised the show?
Was it a show?
Thank you.
And to those who said that I breathe in the third round...
Ismailov finished his speech with a victorious gesture.
Deutsche Welle can deprive the accreditation and recognize the foreigner
The State Duma Commission concluded that Deutsche Welle's German television and radio company violated the law, RIA Novosti.
The Ministry of Justice will send documents for recognition of Deutsche Welle foreign agent.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation handed over materials for the deprivation of accreditation in the territory of Russia.
The representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in the meeting of the State Duma Commission to investigate the facts of other countries in the internal affairs of Russia.
The large-scale Facebook crash struck Europe.
Ukraine also got
In the work of the social network Facebook in Europe there was a large-scale crash.
Let's remind, before this social network "fall" on September 23.
According to the resource monitoring resource of the Downdetector network, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, as well as almost the entire UK have the greatest problems with access to the social network.
Large-scale failures are observed on the border of Romania and Bulgaria, Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Portugal.
Facebook is also inaccessible to almost all of Poland, places in Belarus and the Baltic States.
In Ukraine, judging by the compiled malfunction, Facebook is not available in the Kiev region, as well as in part in Kharkiv and Vinnytsia region.
It should be noted that in early September the problems were also tested by users of Wikipedia.
What club will take the liberated by the UDO Pavel Mamayev
Football player Pavel Mamayev, released last week from the UDO colony, will not return to the football club Krasnodar.
The former midfielder of this club in the near future can sign a contract with FC "Rostov", - the portal "Championate" reports.
According to the publication, negotiations between representatives of "Rostov" and Mamayev are now in the final stage.
Supposely, the contract with the 31-year footballer will be signed for two years with the possibility of an extension for another season.
"Sport Express" writes that the day before Pavel Mamayev had to undergo a medical examination in the Moscow "Dynamo", but the check did not take place due to "uncertain situation in the club".
Krasnodar has terminated the contract with Mamayev last week by agreement of the parties.
The midfielder played for the Krasnodar club since 2014.
With team it twice won the bronze of the championship of Russia.
Earlier Mamayev advocated Moscow "Torpedo" and CSKA.
From 2009 to 2016 Mamayev played for the Russian national team, having spent 15 matches in its composition.
Together with the player "Zenita" Alexander Kokorin Mamayev served the punishment for participation in fight in the center of Moscow in October last year.
In mid-September they were released from a colony on UDO.
Zenith signed a new contract with Kokori.
A man with a samurai sword tried to defend the trolley found in the garbage heap
A resident of the American city of Auckland Park, Florida, was arrested on charges of attempted murder after the samurai sword was wrapped on his opponent in a dispute because of the trolley found in the debris.
54-year-old Kertis Miller digged in a heap of garbage near the empty house.
This was noticed by Todd Beavers (Todd Beavers).
The latter decided to join the search and found among the throws of the black trolley.
Miller saw the finding of the Bever and upset.
He believed that he could claim a trolley, as the first began digging in the garbage.
Men began to argue.
Suddenly Biverse grabbed the trolley and ran with her to his home.
Then Miller took the samurai sword found by him in the same heap, and began to pursue the opponent.
He caught up with B Universal about his house.
The Miller took the sword out of the knife and began to wave them in the direction of the kidnapper of the trolley.
Bevers informed Miller that what is happening is recorded on the video.
Having noticed a video camera, Miller ran away, but threatened to return.
The Bevers left the trolley in the yard and went into the house.
Shortly thereafter, he saw that an unfamiliar woman had entered the courtyard to him and took a trolley, shouting insults.
The police were already looking for Miller for driving a car without rights.
A man was detained, charged with attempted murder.
In September, it was reported that in the American city of Hardiston, New Jersey, the manager of the hedge fund attacked a stranger and wounded her with the sword.
In this way he reacted to the fact that the guests at the wedding, which was celebrated in the same hotel where he stopped, did not give him to eat.
Mass riots on three
"Moscow case" against participants of summer protests is the further, the more noticeable breaks into separate fragments and loses political content.
Evidence of the very fact of “mass riots” does not withstand checks, but in the absence of a political solution to release the case, the weak evidentiary basis would not necessarily lead to the removal of accusations.
The collapse of the case should inspire society, but for sure will leave in the extreme irritation of the security forces whose efforts to fill the cases by the defendants and the evidence have been in vain.
On Thursday, 26 September, one of the three remaining accused under Article 212 of the Criminal Code (mass riots) - Alexey Miniyailo was unexpectedly released from detention without any obligation, and a few more hours and rehabilitated at all: SKR removed charges against him.
Minibelo requested almost two months in detention, for him several professional communities came to him: historians, priests, writers.
Thereafter, only two accused were left to participate in the riots (originally accused were 13): Sergey Fomin, transferred on 3 September under house arrest, and Samariddin Rajabov, who had extended the arrest until the end of December (it is also accused of violence against a representative of the authorities, art. 318 of the Criminal Code).
The court handed down the verdict to the author of a joke petition on the accession of Latvia to the USA
The court of the Vidzeme suburb of Riga sentenced to the author of a joke petition for the accession of Latvia to the United States of America Denis Bartetsky.
It is noted that 80 hours of correctional labour and one probation of probation were appointed to the man.
"Height sense is not the strongest side of our system", - said the Bartettsky decision of the court.
He also added that usually the punishment is less than request.
Collection of signatures on Latvia’s accession to the US was organized in 2016.
Meanwhile, at the same time as this petition, the signatures of Latvia's accession to the Galactic Empire and the withdrawal of the country from the solar system and the Milky Way were collected on the site.
It is noted that a criminal case was opened with regard to the Bartettsky under the first item 82 of the Criminal Law of the country "Public Call to undermine the territorial integrity of the Republic of Latvia".
Prior to that, in 2016 the author of the Internet petition about the accession of Latvia to Russia received half a year in prison.
Khabarovsk made emergency landing of Japanese airliner
Boeing, flying from Austria to Japan, made an emergency landing at Khabarovsk airport, TASS reported.
On board an airliner belonging to the Japanese company ANA, there were 206 people, including 12 crew members.
It is noted that there are no victims.
For people from Tokyo I flew another board.
As the agency of the Khabarovsk airport told, the reason happened to fall the pressure of oil in one of the engines of the aircraft.
Earlier it was reported that the aircraft flying from the Moscow airport of Zhukovsky in Kyrgyzstan made an emergency landing at Samara airport due to a sick child on board.
Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia proposes to punish for insulting police officers on the Internet
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia has prepared amendments to the Law "On Police" in order to protect the guards of the order from the distribution of defamatory and defamatory honor of information on the Internet.
On Friday, at the federal portal of normative legal acts, an application for public discussion of the bill appeared, the draft document itself has not yet been published.
The explanatory note to the document notes that it is being developed in connection with the need to protect the honour and dignity of the police officer from “dissemination of information and communication networks, including in the Internet, of a defamatory nature, including discrediting”.
How it is planned to protect police from defamation in the network, does not specify.
At the same time, the explanation of the document notes that the provisions of the amendments will apply “by individualizing the mechanism”, already foreseen by the law on blocking posts insulting the authorities and the law on fines for such posts.
Both laws entered into force in March this year.
The final text of the bill will be published after public discussions and independent anti-corruption expertise.
According to the explanatory note, the amendments to the Police Act should enter into force in January 2020.
On March 18, President Vladimir Putin signed a law on punishment for “manifest disrespect for the state” on the Internet.
According to this document, Roskomnadzor warns the resource of violation and gives him a day on his removal.
For the first violation of prohibitions, a fine of 30 to 300 thousand rubles is provided, and for repeated violation - administrative arrest for a period of up to 15 days.
On April 12, Roskomnadzor applied this norm for the first time with regard to the media, blocking the Yaroslavl edition 76.ru.
Shortly thereafter, the Chudovsky District Court of Novgorod region fined the local resident for 30 thousand rubles for having placed in the network "two records with information in an indecent form, which offends human dignity and public morality and expresses a clear disrespect for society, the state, bodies exercising state power in the Russian Federation".
The date of reduction in mortgage rates is named
The rates on housing loans in Russia will decrease to the end of 2019.
This was stated by General Director of the credit organization "House.rf" Alexander Plutnik, "Interfax".
As Plutnik noted at the board of the Russian Ministry of Construction, most banks in the remaining months of the year will hold another cycle of reduction of mortgage rates, and the average market will reach 8.9 percent - the level provided for in the national project "Housing and Urban Environment".
According to the passport of the project, in 2019 the average rate on mortgage should be 8.9 percent, in 2021 - 8.5 percent, by 2024 - 7.9 percent.
The programme provides for “the provision of affordable housing for middle-income families, including the creation of opportunities for the acquisition (construction of housing using mortgage credit, which should be less than 8 per cent)”.
Earlier in September it became known that one of the largest players of the Russian market of mortgage - Sberbank - plans to carry out another reduction of rates on housing loans by the end of 2019.
Will phytoestrogenes and phytondrogenes be able to extend youth?
The theme of phytoendrogenes is studied weakly.
From the most famous - pine pollen.
And here phytoestrogenes are investigated quite well and have a positive impact on the body.
They reduce the risks of certain diseases associated with age (among them cardiovascular, some types of cancer).
Famous sources of phytoestrogen - all legumes (the most popular - soya), hops, flax seeds.
However, many experts believe that such BADs cannot be a full substitute for natural hormones.
The possible harm from such additives cannot be ruled out.
For example, against the backdrop of their admission, their own hormones can decline due to the fact that there are too many external analogues in the body.
The faithful called to revive the Kazakh "Zhenis".
The former attacker "Rotor" and Russian national team Oleg Veretennikov joined the action on revival of Kazakhstan's "Zhenis".
The club from Astana, which in different years was called "Dynamo", "Tselinnik", "Astana" and "Zhenis", was disbanded in 2014.
The faithful defended his colors in 2004 and 2008.
"Find out about the action to rebuild the football club "Zhenis", organized by its fans.
And I couldn't stay aside!
In this club I spent one and a half season.
These were not the best times in terms of results and financing, but I will never forget this club and its devotees who have always been together with the team!
forever will remain in the memory and stadium named after Munaitpasov, on which I scored your 200th ball in career!
"Zhenis" should be revived!
He has a huge history and beautiful fans.
I wish them all the best and believe that the city authorities will return them to their native club!" - Weretennikov wrote in Instagram.
Complex "Basion" launched on Chukotka rocket "Okis"
For the first time the Ministry of Defense carried out the launch of a winged missile from the complex "Bastion" in Chukotka.
"Oknice" started at a distance of 350 kilometers, and 200 of them flew over land, which is a record for this type of missiles.
The security of the shooting provided about 10 warships and vessels of the Pacific Fleet, as well as aircraft aircraft, the Information Department and mass communications of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation reported.
Earlier, the complexes "Bastion" have never been used in Chukotka.
The hydromet center called the faithful folk signs
In Russia there are many folk people on whom people try to predict the weather.
Unfortunately, not all of them work.
In Hydrometz, all the signs that allegedly work have checked.
Meteorologists have come to the conclusion that only two of them can really be trusted, however, in the short term.
As the scientific director of the Russian Hydromet Centre, Roman Wilfand, told, if the sun is red during the entrance, the next day will really be chasing, as we celebrated our ancestors.
And if the heavenly light be white, the next day shall be rains.
The second working will be based on the monitoring of birds.
More often they speak about strenches if they fly low, it is usually to rain.
This is explained simply - when the humidity is great, then the wings are watched and birds are forced to decline to hunt for insects, writes TASS.
On different continents there are their people's acceptances.
Surk Day is a traditional folk holiday in the USA and Canada, celebrated annually on February 2.
It is believed that on this day it is necessary to observe the surk that crawls out of its night to determine the time of arrival of the spring.
Unidentified oil spots were found on the beaches of the north-east of Brazil
Oil spots of unknown origin were found on 99 beaches of the north-east of Brazil.
Pollution rates have been scattered into two thousand kilometers of the coastline.
Reports of the first discovered oil spots began to be received on another September.
However, every day up to Thursday, their number, like territorial coverage, continued to increase.
The Brazilian Institute of the Environment conducted a chemical analysis of the samples identified.
It turned out that all of them are identical and it is about crude oil.
In the state oil corporation Petrobras, which was transferred to the analysis, the found samples stated that they did not correspond to oil extracted from the fields in Brazil.
"This is a thick oil.
It can be dropped from one of the ships after cleaning the tanks.
Many continue to do so.
Rather, she got into the oceanic course,” said the Brazilian news portal G1 coordinator of the state trade union of the state workers of Pernambuco and Paraiba Rogerio Almeida.
He also added that despite the ban on this practice, many ships continue to drop waste on the high seas.
At the beaches of four of the eight affected states of the north-east of the country, environmental defenders found nine nautical turtles fully covered by oil film.
And only two of them managed to save.
In the coming days, the Brazilian Institute of Environment, together with Petrobras, will begin to clean contaminated beaches.
In the meantime, the specialists of the Institute recommend tourists and local residents to circumvent the oil spots by the side and alert all detected hotbeds of pollution.
Medvedev instructed to review the norms of the enterprises of the general catering
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev instructed Rospotrebnadzor, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Economy and the Ministry of Industry and Trade together with the business ombudsman and the business community to review the sanitary and epidemiological rules and norms for catering organizations.
They will also have to study the transition to the application of the requirements set by the technical regulations of the Eurasian Economic Union in the organization of nutrition.
The Ministry's proposals should be submitted to the government no later than October 15, the list of instructions of Mr. Medvedev on the results of the program "Dialogue" on the TV channel "Russia 24" on September 11 reads.
In addition, Mr. Medvedev instructed all the mentioned departments, in addition to the Ministry of Justice, to provide proposals for holding an experiment on restriction of control measures for catering organizations in a number of regions, including Moscow, Tatarstan and Kaliningrad region.
The Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Economy are instructed to submit to the Government, as amended in the Administrative Code for the application of administrative suspension of activities for violation of the requirements for catering, which caused harm to health by 11 November.
In addition, the Ministry of Labor, the Ministry of Economy, Rospotrebnadzor and the Ministry of Finance need to work out the issue of gradual transition from 2021 to the formation of a consumer basket based on the basic set of products, allowing to form a full-fledged diet of healthy nutrition.
Recall, about the obsolete norms of the requirements of the business community talked after one café from the network "AnnderSon" was closed.
The business community demanded the abolition of the existing SPPNs, Rospotrebnadzor announced the joint development of new ones.
The list includes 33 departments.
Meanwhile, Rospotrebnadzor intends to reduce the number of sanitary norms and regulations by 2021 by 2021.
Currently, the operatives have information about the three theft, which are involved in the detainee.
He was equipped with a man in the Skuraatovsky neighbourhood of Tula.
He kidnapped batteries and carriers from the machines.
Of the two cars - VAZ-2106 and VAZ-2107 - the kidnapper took batteries, allegedly for the purpose of further sale.
"And from another machine VAZ-2107 for the same purpose the attacker took the car recorder and the subwoofer", - the UMVD on the Tula region reported.
The man-made attacker probably intended to resell.
At present, the 26-year-old unemployed are detained.
Russians not to postpone to themselves - V. Matvienko
Speaker of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko believes that Russians do not have sufficient accumulations in order to make the bill on guaranteed pension products fully operational in the country.
The practice of increasing the pension through personal savings in the world is quite common.
Another thing is how timely it is to introduce it.
"In my opinion, now a large part of the population has incomes, from which they simply have nothing to allocate to increase pensions in the future," V. Matvienko said.
Russians, according to the Speaker, cannot understand the mechanisms of formation and accrual of pension, as "permanent changes in this sphere are finally confused".
This does not mean that I am against the improvement of the pension system regulating its legislation.
"Russia is a social state, and we are obliged to do everything to ensure that pensions, social security of citizens improve.
But steps in this direction should be thoughtful, responsible, taking into account domestic realities," V. Matvienko said "RIA Novosti".
The head of the SF stressed that if this initiative (the bill on guaranteed pension products) develops, several basic principles, including voluntariness, tax preferences for citizens and employers and strict guarantees and the responsibility of the state to ensure the preservation of pension savings, should be provided.
The Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation announced on September 6 to send a bill on the guaranteed pension product (GPP).
Among its main elements are exclusively voluntary procedure of accession of citizens to the system of savings, guarantee of preservation of long-term pension savings of citizens by the state, registration of accumulative accounts of citizens by the central administrator, tax incentives for business and tax deductions for citizens.
The spider man remains in the Kinoval Marvel.
Sony and Disney agreed
The copyright holder of Getty Images Image caption News about the care of the loved superhero from the Kinsein Marvel aroused anger from many devotees of fans
One of the most famous characters of comics - a Spider Man - will remain in the quinquered Marvel.
Disney and Sony Pictures managed to agree on rights to use it in franchise films.
This became known from the press release of Sony, which states that the third part of Man-Pause with Tom Hollande will be released on July 16, 2021.
Earlier it was reported that Disney and Sony Pictures could not reach consensus on the division of income, so that the Man-Pouk would leave the Marvel cinema.
Sony owns the rights of the cinema.
She leased them for Marvel films, which belongs to Disney.
As a result, Sony received revenue from revenue in cinemas, and Disney - with souvenirs and toys.
It was reported that at some point such a situation had ceased to arrange Disney, and the company wanted to reconsider the agreement.
President Marvel Studios Kevin Fayga said that he is delighted.
It is stunning that the journey of Spidi [Man-Puca] in the Kinovsky Marvel will continue.
"All of us in Marvel Studios are very pleased that we will be able to continue working on it.
A spider person is a familiar figure.
It is a hero whose history affects all generations and spectacular audiences around the world,” says his press release.
At the same time, Faigi recalled that Sony creates both its own kinelen, built just around the Spokesman.
"So it happened that he was the only endowed superselya hero who appeared in different kinels.
So while Sony continues to develop its own Spidi-universe, the future can present unexpected surprises,” he noted.
Tom Hollande, who played a Spider Man in five films, obviously commenting on the news, posted in his account in "Instagme" an excerpt from the film "Wolf with Wall Street", in which the hero Leonardo di Caprio screams "I don't go!"
Information about the contradictions between companies appeared in August.
As reported by the media, Disney wanted to receive half of the cash proceeds from the Man-Pouleaux, provided that both companies paid half of the cost of paintings.
But this did not suit Sony.
The news about the possible care of the favorite superhero from the Kinsein Marvel aroused the anger of many devotees.
Details of the new conditions are not yet disclosed.
According to CNBC, Sony refused to comment on the agreement, but stated: "We have cooperated perfectly over the past four years, and our joint desire to continue working together has been commensurate with the wishes of many fans [Man-Puca].
We are glad that we can go ahead together.”
The film "Masters: Final", which brought together a Spider Man, the Torah, Halka and other superheros of Marvel, became the most cash in the history of the world cinema, having shifted from the first place "Avatar".
President of Belarus invited to visit Crimea
The Belarusian head of the Belarusian community Roman Cheghrine invited President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko to visit the peninsula.
The main dream is to transfer power by inheritance
What was the 25-year-old rule of Lukashenka in Belarus
In his opinion, closer economic interaction with Belarus will benefit the region.
The Chegrine expressed confidence that Belarusian enterprises will come to Crimea after Lukashenka, RIA Novosti reports.
On September 26, President Belarus negatively answered the question of the Ukrainian journalist about the return of Crimea to Ukraine.
According to the Belarusian leader, he does not consider it possible in the foreseeable future: “This issue is closed once and for all”.
However, in Kiev and in the West, the results of the voting did not recognize.
Lukashenko called reasons for continuation of the conflict in Donbass
Andrey Poltava came to the famous blogger with searches: what is known at the moment
On Friday, September 27, in Poltava in the house of relatives of the volunteer and blogger Andrey Karpov, known as Andrey Poltava, pass searches.
This was announced by the blogger in Facebook, noting that he does not live at this address.
In addition, Poltava writes that once again received a message on e-mail such content: "We recommend that on the territory of ... I left home-made bomb.
The second similar explosive device laid in the car will be put into effect today near the house of the famous Ukrainian propagandist Karpov Andrey Anatolyevich (it is known as Andrey Poltava) ...
Death to the carriers.”
Karpov believes that his activities as a volunteer, politics and blogger do not like the Russian occupiers.
The Subscribers of Poltava are sure that it makes the necessary transfers and wishes it strength and trades.
Let's remind, Poltava leads conversations with Russians about the war on Donbass, annexation of Crimea, about peace, politics, and then lay videos in the Internet.
The blogger ran to the Verkhovna Rada from the European Solidarity Party.
Now he leads television broadcasts on the channel "Direct", where the Russian propaganda is rigidly criticized.
In 2017, according to the TV channel ICTV, Karpov was recognized as the best blogger of Ukraine.
Riigikogu: Estonia wants to make climate goals for 2050 even more ambitious
Chairman of the Commission Anneli Ott noted that three hearings have been held to date in the commission.
Experts, entrepreneurs and representatives of the Ministry of the Environment presented their vision of carbon neutrality.
"The completed review will allow to argue that in conjunction with other EU member states Estonia is actively looking for opportunities to make climate goals for 2050 even more ambitious and agree on ways to achieve them," said Ott.
The Chairman added that the Government had also planned to discuss the analysis of Estonia's ambitions in the area of climate by 3 October.
The decision resulting from it will continue to be discussed in the Riigikogu commissions.
The Deputy Chairman of the Riina Sikkut Commission said that Estonia required a clear plan to achieve the climate goals stipulated by all stakeholders.
International agreements and the high cost of carbon dioxide emissions will in any case.
"In addition to energy, within the framework of domestic discussions, Riigikogu could focus on measures in agriculture, transport, forestry and housing.
The socio-economic impact of all changes must be taken into account,” Sikkut stressed.
This autumn, the Riigikogu Commission for European Union Affairs launched a series of parliamentary hearings to prepare a solution with which Estonia will participate in the EU climate goals negotiations for 2050.
"Chelssi" will break Neymara's record salary
The leadership of English "Chelsea" expressed the desire to acquire the attacker of the French FSZ Neymar.
This is reported by El Desmarque.
According to the publication, the London club will make a Parisian offer in a summer transfer window.
It is noted that "Chelsea" is going to pay the RSW 300 million euros, and Neimaru offers a contract with a salary of 42 million euros, making it the most high-paid player of the world.
The Brazilian said this summer about the desire to return to Barcelona.
Neymar, according to media reports, did not want to remain in the PSW, but eventually failed to go to another club in the last transfer window.
After that, the fans of the Parisian publicly appealed to the footballer, expressing dissatisfaction with his actions.
In the Rostov region, the child was amputated by a hand because of the mistake of doctors
In the Rostov region, the 11-year-old boy lost his hands due to the mistake of doctors.
This is described in the note published on the pages of the Internet media.
As REGNUM writes, the child was taken to the hospital of Zernograd with a fracture of his hand.
The boy was put plaster, after which the gangrene developed.
As a result, the limb had to be amputated.
The quoted material states that Rosdravnadzor's employees have identified in the medical institution "violations of timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis of the child, as well as the standard and volume of assistance provided in the first stage of treatment".
The incident will be checked by investigators.
In Penza region a car shot down a woman with two children
A light car shot down a woman with a baby in a stroller and a three-year son in the Penza region, one child died.
This was reported by the agency "Interfax" the head of the press service of UMVD for the region Olga Evdokimov.
The accident took place in the Sergius district on Friday evening.
The interlocutor of the agency clarified that the woman went in a populated direction on the sidelines with a stroller, in which the child of 2019 was born, and with the son of 2016 birth.
The driver Ford Focus shot down all three.
As a result, the elder boy died.
The younger child was taken without consciousness to the hospital.
The woman was not injured, her release was released after the examination.
According to Yevdokimova, the perpetrator of the accident tried to leave the scene, but was promptly detained.
According to preliminary data, the driver was drunk, he was sent to a medical examination.
The accident is checked.
In Krasnodar, a high-ranking ex-police officer from the CBD was detained
Guards of order detained in Krasnodar in the rented apartment of the former head of the operational and investigative part of their own security of the Ministry of Internal Affairs on Kabardino-Balkaria Sergey Rybnikov.
It was sought from May within the case of bribes, writes RIA Novosti with reference to representatives of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia and SKR.
The man was taken to the investigative unit.
The figure was detained before that, before that he was charged in absentia.
According to law enforcement agencies, in 2017-2018 officials of the Ministry of Internal Affairs on Kabardino-Balkar Republic received a bribe of 42 million rubles.
For this money they did not hinder the illegal transportation of alcoholic-containing products in the region.
16 people pass the figures of the case.
At the same time, 14 of them were detained in the initial stage of the investigation.
Oleg Vinnik pleaded to the "Peaceworker" base: what happened
Popular Ukrainian singer Oleg Vinnik, who shot in the project #ВсемМир with the Russian stars, supported the policy of the Kremlin with regard to Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea, got into the base of the "Peaceworker".
The message about this appeared on the official website of the base.
The description deals with the fact that Vinnik became a participant of the Russian propaganda anti-Ukrainian campaign #ВсемМир aimed at transferring responsibility of the war unleashed by Russia (aggressor country) to Ukraine.
Recall, the video was attended by Vladimir Pozner, Mireya Mathieu (France), Alessandro Safin (Italy), Valery, Soso Pavliashvili, Igor Krutoy, Zara, Tamara Gverdzielli, Denis Klever, Valery Sütkin, Dmitry Malikov, Maxim Pokrovsky, Jan Poplavskaya, Maxim Avein, Ksenia Alferov, Nonn Grishayev and others.
Most of the participants of the flash mob publicly support the aggressive policy of the Kremlin.
Vinnik became the only Ukrainian participant of the project.
The press service of the singer previously explained that the artist took part in the project in support of the International Day of Peace, which is celebrated on September 21, and his patriotic position was not changed.
Recall, there was a wave of indignation in the network.
The video itself is called mocking.
As artists who visited the occupied Crimea supporting Putin’s policy, which unleashed the war on Donbass, where people die almost every day, can talk about peace?
Four people convicted a series of robberies in Khabarovsk
In Khabarovsk, the court sentenced four residents of the village of Druzhba, who for two years robbed the cottages in the associations "Cosmos" and "Rainbow" in the area of the Black River.
This is reported by Habarovsky Krai today on September 27.
The criminal group was previously composed of non-moving men 31 and 37 years of age and two brothers of 21 and 24 years.
It was found that the inspiration of the crimes was the elder of the brothers, in the youth, who was in the colony for young people.
In alone he robbed nine houses, later the rest joined.
Damage from each of theft ranged from three to 21 thousand rubles.
Criminals have taken ovens, refrigerators, curtains, buckets, cylinders with gas, chairs, thumbnails and many other items.
They were detained thanks to the alarm alarm in the last house.
The defendants were found guilty of theft committed with illegal penetration into the home, causing significant damage to a group of persons by prior conspiracy.
"The Brothers were sentenced to 3 years by 6 months in the colony of the general regime, two other defendants - by 2 years 10 months and 1 year 6 months in prison", - quotes the senior assistant of the prosecutor of Khabarovsky district Yulia Vasilyev agency.
Medvedev: Cocorine continues training on individual program
Forward St. Petersburg "Zenita" Alexander Kokorin continues training on the individual program after release on the UDO, TASS reports citing the general director of the team Alexander Medvedev.
Last Thursday, September 26, the attacker started training with "Zenith-2".
Photo from Kokorin in his Instagram posted the instructor of the second team of blue-white-blue Vladislav Radimov.
Earlier Medvedev said that Kokorin may play for "Zenit" in the friendly match in the autumn.
In official meetings, forward will be able to prove itself after 22 January 2020, it should be registered in the nearest transfer window.
Let's remind, on October 8, 2018 Kokorin, his younger brother Kirill, Havbek "Krasnodar" Pavel Mamayev and the children's trainer Alexander Protasovitsky arranged a series of fights in the center of Moscow.
The upgraded athletes beat three people.
For a long time they were in the remand centre.
In May 2019, the court sentenced them to real prison terms.
Brothers of Kokorinov were sent for bars for one and a half years, Mamayev and Protasovitsky - for 1 year and 5 months.
In September 2019, the court granted the petition of athletes, except for Protasovitsky, on parole.
The first fights according to the rules of Alexander Emelyanenko will pass on November 29.
The first fights of MMA on rules which invented Alexander Emelyanenko, will take place in Moscow on November 29 - in the undercard boxing duel between Emelyanenko and the structure of Mikhail Koklyev.
Fights at us lost in staginess, - Emelyanenko told in an interview "SE".
Watch not on anyone.
Therefore I invented a new type of mixed single combats - Universal World Fight.
Rules - three different rounds.
MMA - it is a sport where all martial arts are collected.
The fighter of the mixed style should be able to do everything - and to work in a rack, and to fight, and in orchestra seats to work.
The first round - only shock equipment in the rack.
The second round - only wrestling, while the time to take reception in orchestra seats is limited to 30 seconds.
The third round is allowed.
When will pass the first tournament on rules which you invented?
November 29.
In the undercard of our fight with Koklyev.
But it is not yet known how many fights will be.
In the Russian city killed veteran and his spouse
Veterans of the Great Patriotic War and his wife were killed in Ryazan.
This is reported on the website of the Regional Investigation Committee.
The bodies of men and women of 1928 and 1930 were found in their apartment.
It is noted that they found signs of violent death.
Criminal proceedings have been instituted against the incident.
The investigation checks various versions, including those related to self-interested murder.
At the moment, the investigation is ongoing.
On 24 August, it was reported that a man who had killed 92-year-old veteran of drugs for drugs was detained in Kaluga.
It is noted that the elderly man was hit by at least ten times.
Criminal proceedings were instituted under article 111, paragraph 4, of the Criminal Code (“Intentional infliction of grievous bodily harm, which negligently caused the death of the victim”).
Later Telegram-channel Mash reported that the suspect in the murder five years ago glassed a balcony of the veteran.
"KamAZ-Master" will expose four crews to "Dakar-2020"
On Friday, September 27 in Naberezhnye Chelny there was a press conference "KamAZ-Master", at which the head of team Vladimir Chagin called the names of riders who will take part in the rally-rade "Dakar-2020".
The Russian team on rally marathon will be presented four crews who will act on trucks KamAZ-43509: the acting champion of "Dakar" Eduard Nikolaev, the winner of the rally "Silk Road-2019" Anton Shibalov, and also Andrey Karginov and Dmitry Sotnikov.
Currently, the process of preparing the team for the rally "Dakar-2020" has entered the final stage.
According to the press service of the team.
The primary technical checks and loading on the ferry for sending the equipment of the race to the Arabian peninsula will be held in French Marseille on 6 December.
Recall that since 2020 the rally marathon "Dakar" changes the deployment.
After 10 years, the organizers of the South American race signed a five-year contract with Saudi Arabia.
The 42nd "Dakar" will start on January 5 with the coast of the Red Sea from Jeddah.
On January 11, participants will spend a day of rest in the capital of the Kingdom of Riyadh, and finally, the finish race is scheduled for January 17 in the town of Kiddi.
Trade with Russia is not only tanks
The trade turnover between Russia and India can be doubled by the geopolitical situation.
Deputy Director of the Confederation of Indian Industry Manish Kumar told about this at the V jubilee forum of small and medium-sized businesses of the SCO and BRICS regions.
It is important for us to learn from the SCO and BRICS countries, including Russia, - the guest of Delhi stressed.
- In our Confederation 9,000 direct members and 300,000 partner companies from 130 countries.
All this is a small and medium-sized business that cooperates with the countries of the Shanghai Organization.
And we do not stand still, and we are developing, and all these sanctions against Russia and the geopolitical situation only help us to grow all.
Now our bilateral trade exceeds $10 billion, but these figures can be doubled.
First of all, at the expense of new technologies in the field of health, artificial intelligence and robotics.
Our trade is not only tanks and heavy industry.
According to Manisha Kumar, India has already established the first contacts with the modern centers of Russia.
Thus, a delegation from Delhi and other cities recently visited Skolkovo and Innopolis.
We have signed a memorandum on the establishment of systems in which you can build our modern business.
After all, entrepreneurship is not an whim, but a necessity.
The right step towards us towards economic well-being.
We need to expand, attract small and medium-sized businesses, and together with Russia, China and other countries we will surely do it.
Recall, Ufa accepts the Forum of Small and Medium Business of the SCO and BRICS regions for the fifth time in a row.
The forum was attended by more than 2,800 people from Russia and 31 countries in the world from 25 to 27 September.
As part of his working trip to Tobolsk, Governor of Tyumen Oblast Alexander Mora took part in the solemn opening of the Sokolovsky water intake after reconstruction.
Now its performance is 25 thousand cubic meters per day.
Reconstruction of the water intake took place within the framework of the implementation of the federal project "Clean Water" on the national project "Ecology".
Investors were helped by investors: Sokolovsky water intake became another example of the use of a private-public partnership mechanism.
The Tyumen region has a unique experience of cooperation in this field of federal structures, regional authorities, local administration and private investor.
New artesian wells appeared at the site.
pumping stations were built over them.
The construction of water treatment and decontamination has reconstructed.
As a result, Sokolovsky water intake will provide turbulence with high-quality drinking water.
The plans of the Sokolovsky and Zhukovsky waterbreakers are plans.
Then Tobolsk will be fully able to switch to underground sources of water supply.
Waga to expand water treatment plants
In the Congress in the conversation Trump with the Zelensky saw the "Russian trace"
In the lower house of the U.S. Congress, the Russian Federation accused of involvement in a scandal caused by the telephone conversation between the head of the White House, Donald Trump and the Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky.
The assumption that this history can somehow stand "Russian", expressed the Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi, reports MSNBC News.
"The hand to this, I believe, I put Russia," the Democrat said, but did not give further comments.
The Democrats led by Pelosi, who hold the majority in the Chamber, previously announced the launch of the impeachment procedure for the president.
This happened after the intelligence refrigerant complained to Trump.
The informant suspected that in a conversation with Zelen in July, Trump had exerted pressure on his interlocutor to bring the case to the son of former Vice-President Joseph Biden, and the latter could become a competitor in Trump’s election in a year.
The white house had to give congressmen and the public a transcript of the scandalous conversation.
"Nornikel" to allocate 139.8 billion rubles for dividends in the first half of the year
"Norilsk Nickel" will allocate 139.88 billion rubles (about $2.1 billion) for the first half of 2019.
The decision was taken at the Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders.
It is noted that the payment per share will be 883.93 rubles.
"The shareholders approved on October 7, 2019 the date on which the persons entitled to receive dividends are determined," the press service of the company said.
According to the Moscow Exchange at 18:03, the cost of one action "Nornikel" grew by 1.04% - to 16.5 thousand rubles.
Van Yu met with UN Secretary General A. Guterres
Member of the State Council, Foreign Minister of China Van Yi met with UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres at UN headquarters in New York on Thursday.
As A. Gutterish said at a meeting, China plays a crucial role in creating a multipolar world.
The UN is grateful to the Chinese Government for its strong support and fruitful cooperation, as well as for the important contribution made by China to the international fight against poverty, climate change and the creation of a green “Poya and Ways”.
He wished to deepen cooperation with China in the area of security and peace and sustainable development, and expected China to continue to play a leading role in the fight against climate change and other areas.
Van Yi, in turn, noted that multipolarity is an inevitable trend, and each country has the right to development.
Implementation of multipolarity is impossible without multilingualism, the symbols of which are the basic goals and principles set out in the UN Charter.
According to the Minister, China is in favour of a more active role of the UN, supports the work of the Secretary General of the world organization and strictly adheres to the basic ideas and principles of the UN Charter.
Next year, the 75th anniversary of the founding of the UN will be celebrated, and the Chinese side intends to use this opportunity to strengthen cooperation with the world organization in order to create a wonderful future for the whole world.
President of the Philippines Duterte will come to Russia for five days
President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte will come to Russia in October, TASS reports citing the representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines Amelita Akino.
It is specified that Duterte will come to the Russian Federation on October 1.
His visit to Russia will last until October 5.
Aquino told that the President of the Philippines goes to the Russian Federation at the invitation of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
Duterte will participate in the Valdai Club meeting in Sochi.
The Philippine leader will also visit Moscow.
In the capital, Duterte will take part in the Russian-Filipino business forum and will give a lecture at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (IGIMO).
According to Akino, the main event of the trip will be the meeting of the two presidents.
It is planned that the leaders will discuss the state of bilateral relations and how countries can further expand cooperation in various fields.
It is noted that the meeting of the Filipino leader with the Russian will be the fourth.
For the first time, the Presidents met at the APEC Summit in Peru in 2016.
In May 2017, the head of the Philippines came to the Russian Federation on a visit, and another meeting of the leaders took place in November 2017 on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Vietnam.
Earlier it was reported that the President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, allowed citizens to shoot in bureaucrats.
Iolon Musk answered Russian in the "unusual invitation" to come to Krasnodar for a business forum
The founder of Tesla and SpaceX Ilon Mask reacted to the invitation of the organizers of the Krasnodar business - the forum to visit the event.
The billionaire wrote a comment under one of the photo with "invitable billboards" at the office of its company.
Earlier, one of the organizers of the forum "Delo for Small" placed in the California city Hotorne bibard with the inscription "Kak tebe takoe?", on the other hand, posted the site welcomeelon.com.
There is also a special QR code that will help to move to the forum website and get acquainted with all information.
"Language is well suspended", - wrote in Russian an inventor in response to the invitation, reports teleprogramma.pro.
It is not yet known that it meant Mask under his answer, but many Russians, including the speakers of the forum, hope for the statement of the billionaire.
And in the meantime, the program "Vechernya Urgan" already presented, in which way the billionaire could appear in Krasnodar.
The businessman dressed up in the Cossack outfit and suggested that in Kuban Mask will present: electric shash, electric wip and electric grid for horse.
The famous Land-Artist created a portrait of Greta Tunberg
Sooner or later it was to happen.
The image of Guta Tunberg perpetuated the tractor on the field.
The portrait of the activist created the famous landard artist Dario Gambarin.
The 16-year schoolgirl from Sweden, which suffers from Asperger syndrome, became famous after the UN assembly.
The activist accused all adults of stealing childhood and dreams from the younger generation, contaminating the planet and deprived the future under the pretext of economic development.
Greta is nominated for the alternative Nobel Peace Prize, it can become the youngest owner, and the media are called the schoolgirl the most influential teenager in the world.
U.S. Congress agreed to sell F-35 fighters
Warsaw also plans to get F-135 engines and related equipment
The United States Congress approved the sale of 32 bombers of the fifth generation of F-35 to the Polish side.
This was announced by Minister of National Defence of the Republic Mariusz Blaschak.
According to its data, Warsaw will receive not only aircraft, but also 33 turbochargers of the F-135 development of Pratt & Whitney, as well as the accompanying equipment.
The start value of the contract is 6.5 billion dollars.
"This is one of the last steps before the conclusion of the contract, but it is not the end of our work.
We will do our best to get the most profitable price,” Blaschak wrote on his Twitter page.
The site kp.ru wrote that the American F-35 will have to replace the Mig-29 and Su-22 Soviet production located in Poland.
The bilateral deal is expected to increase the security of the republic.
The Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation published a video launch of the supersonic missile "Okis" on Chukotka
The "Bastion" coastline of the Pacific Fleet for the first time launched a sound winged rocket "Okis".
The video launch published the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation on Twitter.
According to the TV channel "Zvezda", the flight of the missile took place in the regular mode.
The rocket successfully struck the target, which was in the Chukotsky Sea area at a distance of more than 200 km.
The safety of manoeuvres was provided by about 10 warships, as well as aircraft aircraft.
Technicians and servicemen were taken to the site of the exercise on the landing ship.
Shooting on the maritime target, which was more than 200 kilometers away, complied with
Rospotrebnadzor categorically against the return of chicken to airports
Rospotrebnadzor is categorically opposed to the return of chicken to airports.
"Neither ventilation nor filters, even combined, can reduce the impact of tobacco smoke to levels considered permissible", - the message reads.
"Izvestia" on Friday reported that the Ministry of Health for the second reading of the bill has developed amendments, according to which it is proposed to equip two chicken on the airport.
Expert said why it is worth abandoning the tea in bags
A group of scientists from Canada, representing McGill University, found that when breaking a tea bag in a cup of five minutes, more than ten billion microplastic particles hit.
In a packed drink can also add particles of sawdust, Nation News expert in the field of food safety Elizabeth Tikhonova said.
According to the agronomist, the consumer cannot obtain reliable information about the composition of the bagged tea - the manufacturer can add ingredients that will not be specified on the package.
Dears at the end of the season do not throw away, so they may be in the tea.
"Moreover, in bags do not always include tea plants," Tikhonova said.
According to her, it is better to abandon the use of such a drink in favor of tea for the weight, which is sold in specialized stores.
In addition, she stressed that the risk of packaged tea was not only a part, but also a method of production - microparticles heated to high temperatures, so that they could begin to allocate harmful substances.
"It is best to buy pure green or black tea - in such a drink will be the least additives", - the expert pointed out.
Arctic development to discuss at the international conference in Norilsk
The problems of development of the Arctic will be discussed at the international conference in Norilsk.
The forum of the Development Agency Norilsk and the Club of researchers of Taimyra was organized, GTRK "Krasnoyarsk" reports.
The reports brought scientists from Russian cities - Moscow, St. Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Salehard, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk, Dudinka.
Foreign guests came from Holland and Canada.
One of the central themes of the forum is how to develop the urban environment in the Arctic, and at the same time do not harm nature.
Guests of the forum will also be able to visit interactive platforms at the Norilsk State Industrial Institute.
And in the cinema "Rodina" there are lovers of cinema - there will be screenings of scientific popular films about the Arctic region.
On creative meetings travelers and scientists will tell about their experience of acquaintance with the Arctic.
The Forum will last three days.
The festival of northern walking will take place in Ulyanovsk
Residents of the Ulyanovsk region will take part in the festival of northern walking.
The mass start will take place in the park "Pri coastal".
The participants of the festival will be teams from different cities and districts of Ulyanovsk region, which won in municipal stages.
They are composed mainly of residents of the region over 50 years of age.
The project is designed to attract the senior generation to active pastime, reports 1ul.ru.
The city stage of the festival was held on September 7 in six parks.
Participants needed to overcome the northern walking distance 3 km.
The winner was determined by the sum of the years of participants in the team.
The regional festival will be held on September 28.
Regions offered to share the secrets of business support
As the “Parliamentary Gazette” became known, on September 27, the Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy Andrei Kutepov sent a letter to the Minister of Economic Development Maxim Oreškin and Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov with a proposal to express the position on the initiatives of the constituent entities of the Federation to improve the legislation in the field of support for small and medium-sized businesses (SMEs).
It is time to establish interregional ties
The Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy summarized the information received from regions on their business development and legalization programmes, as well as on the results of such programmes.
In their letters, the regions spoke to the senators about the problems of SME development and sent proposals to improve existing legislation.
"To date, communication between the regions is not enough, as a result of which the business community in all regions of the visit has identified the issue of lack of information on regional programs for the development of entrepreneurship in general in the country," Andrei Kutepov said.
In the annex to the letter sent to the Government, he presented a set of positive developments in the legalization regions of self-employment and summary data from regions with proposals and issues (available at the disposal of the editorial office).
In addition to the relevant ministries, the consolidated data from the regions are also directed to the heads of the regional executive bodies.
The exchange of information on the positive developments in the regions could give impetus to the development of entrepreneurship in general.
The first step towards such an exchange and will be the direction of the information available to the Committee on Economic Policy,” said the Senator’s “Parliamentary Gazette”.
Useful experience
Today, in many regions of the country, support programs for small and medium-sized businesses have been adopted and successfully implemented.
For example, in Vologda region, the Entrepreneurship Support Centre operates, which, in addition to financial support measures, promotes businessmen in the certification of finished products.
In Ivanovo region a system of business support has been developed, providing for the implementation of the principle of one window through multifunctional centers.
In Krasnodar region, the beginning agricultural consumer cooperatives provide grants at the expense of the regional budget.
There is a cluster development centre in Orlov region.
Amur region within the framework of the federal project "Accseeration of small and medium-sized businesses" provides for the possibility of subsidizing business incubators, created on the basis of existing non-state co-corking centers, at the expense of the federal budget.
In a number of other regions, special support measures are being taken for youth entrepreneurship.
Self-employed continue to withdraw from the shadow
In the view of the regional authorities, a number of changes to existing legislation should be made to better support small and medium-sized businesses.
For example, Arkhangelsk Oblast proposed to replace the term “self-employment” with “entrepreneurship activities”, as this “the most corresponds to the content of the public service to promote self-employment of unemployed citizens”.
In the Ivanovo region, it is considered necessary to amend, providing for the expansion of the list of activities provided by self-employed citizens, including activities for the finishing and repair of residential premises, cottages, physical training sessions.
Bryansk Oblast considers it important to strengthen control over unfair producers of dairy products with the help of the veterinary system "Mercury".
And in Kostroma and Magadan regions advocate the consolidation of the concept of "social entrepreneurship" and directions of support of social entrepreneurship in the legal and regulatory field.
All proposals from regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state support programs for small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills.
"All proposals from regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state support programs for small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills," Andrei Kutepov assured.
Airline helped passengers to avoid a neighborhood with swimming
Japan Airlines (JAL) has launched a new function: when booking places, it is now possible to find out where small children will sit.
Now, if the neighbor so wishes, you can avoid.
Japanese Airlines (JAL) passengers have been able to take advantage of the new option and avoid unwanted neighborhood with small children.
The air carrier has launched a function that allows you to track on which places children will sit.
When choosing places in the cabin during the booking of tickets, passengers will be able to see the image of the child's head on the ground, which are occupied by children between the ages of eight and two years.
Thus, those who do not want to fly next to the babies due to possible inconvenience associated with their weeping, can be located as far as possible from them.
Internet users who use the services of the airline came to delight from the innovation.
Some of them thanked the carrier, noting that other airlines should do likewise.
One of the fires complained that a few weeks ago he made a flight from New York to Doha, and in the neighborhood of him there were three crying baby.
Another commentator proposed to introduce “rais only for adults”, expressing readiness to pay for such a flight.
Many tourists noted that now they will try to choose for their movements of Japan Airlines, as they do not see anything pleasant to fly next to the weeping child in closed space.
Earlier, a woman who travelled with a breastfeeding woman tried to conquer the companions during the flight Seoul San Francisco.
She prepared for each of the 200 passengers a bag with sweets, each of which had a note with apologies.
In the metropolitan metro there was a train Oleg Tabakov?
If you are constantly using the Kaluga-Riga Line (and so the majority of the inhabitants of the Konkova do), you will have a surprise.
In the underground launched a new thematic train "Great Russian Artist Oleg Tabakov".
Every day this name is transported by 10 thousand people.
It runs just on the orange line and tells about the director, actor and founder of the theater "Tabaker".
By the way, it is convenient to go from Konkov to performances, which play on the new stage of the theater (it is on the Small Sukharevskaya Square, next to the metro "Sukharevskaya").
As we explained in the press service of the Moscow Metropolitan, "the appearance of the thematic train used images of fragments of the stained glasses of the new stage and the portraits of Oleg Tabakov in iconic images created by it in the theater, cinema and animation".
The train tells about his family, the performance "Matrici silence", from which a big life of the theater began, about the "Tabakker", about the director's work.
On the walls of wagons you can see rare archival images and frames from movies.
Russian gays with adopted children requested asylum in the USA
Single pair of Russians with two adopted children requested asylum in the USA, RIA Novosti reported.
The men reportedly left the Russian Federation to Ukraine, after which they went to the States where they applied for asylum.
According to the “Stimulus” group, the basis for such actions by the family was “uncontroversial interest on the part of law enforcement agencies”.
It is reported that men are not planning to return to Russia.
Children from the beginning of the school year study at the American school and adapt to new conditions.
Recall, previously reported the initiation of a case against employees of the department of social protection of the district of Marino from the adoption of a single-sex family of two small boys.
In the HRC, they stated that the upbringing of children by a single couple should not in itself be an excuse for initiating a case.
In the press center of the IRC "Izvestia" there will be a press conference of the project MHAT "SEZON STIHOV Third stage. Poetry"
On October 3, at 11:00 in the press center of the IRC "Izvestia" will be announced the announcement press conference: Start of the project "SEZON STYOV: Third stage. Poetry" in M. Gorky MHAT.
Eduard Boyakov, artistic director of M. Gorky MHAT, director of the project.
Ivan Kupreyanov, poet, producer of the project.
Dmitry Vodennikov, poet.
Irina Lindt, actress of theatre and cinema.
Alexey Shmelev, poet.
In the new season of the Third stage of MHAT Gorky will become the territory of total poetry.
Within the framework of the extensive program the performances, which are based on the poems of the main poets of modernity, will be shown.
The team of the project will create a unique poetic world from poems, music and multimedia images for viewers.
The artistic director of MHATE Eduard Boyakov and the curator of the project, poet and producer Ivan Kupreyanov will present the first and only theatrical anthology of modern elegant verbality - the project "EZON STIHOV: the third stage. Poetry.”
The season opens on October 5 at 19:00 on the Third stage of M. Gorky M. Gorky St. the poet-legend, each performance of which becomes a significant event for connoisseurs of elegant verbality, Dmitry Vodennikov.
The performance will take place in October and November.
Each performance is its author, curator and actor.
The performances will be attended by artists of MHAT and invited stars: Irina Lindt, Agniya Kuznetsova, Olga Kabo, Alice Grebenschikov.
Music concept of the project - Sergey Levitov.
The curators in performances will perform: Pavel Kryuchkov, Maria Golovanievskaya, Eduard Boyakov, Ivan Kupreyanov and others.
The project is implemented with the support of the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation.
Pavel Ustinov joined the pickets in support of the defendants "Moscow business"
The actor Pavel Ustinov joined the series of single pickets "Freedom to all", which take place on Friday at the building of the administration of the President of the Russian Federation on the Old Square in Moscow, the correspondent of "Interfax" reports.
The series of pickets began on September 18 in support of the Ustinov itself and has continued every day since then.
At present, the participants of the action, replacing each other, stand in the hands of a poster with the inscription "Freedom to all" and surnames of convicts and arrested after uncoordinated rallies in Moscow in the summer of 2019.
In addition to Ustinov, on the poster of the names of Yegor Zhukov, Kirill Zhukov, Danila Beglets, Evgeny Kovalenko, Konstantin Kotov, Ivan Podkopayev, Aydar Gubaidulin, Alexey Miniyilo, Sergey Fomin, Samariddin Rajabov, Nikita Chirtsov, Eduard Malyshevsky, Vladislav Sinitsa.
On September 16, the Tver Court of Moscow sentenced 24 years of Ustinov to 3.5 years of the colony of the general regime on charges of violence against the fighter of OMON Rosgvardia on the uncoordinated action on August 3 in the center of Moscow (h. 2. Art. 318 of the Criminal Code).
After that on September 20 at the request of the Prosecutor General's Office, the court changed Ustinov to a preventive measure with the detention of a subscription to the non-exit.
Thus, the petition for the liberation of Ustinov scored more than 112 thousand signatures per night.
Artists of the theatre and cinema began flash mob in support of the colleague.
In order to participate in the solitary confinement in solidarity with the actor on September 18, the queue was built on the Old Square.
Human rights defenders, journalists, academics, teachers, doctors, Orthodox priests were asked for a review of the case.
According to "Interfax" of the sister of Ustinov Yulia, at the rally on September 29 in the capital in support of the defendants "Moscow business" her brother does not plan to act.
Delivery of "sanctions" to Russia fell 100 times
The Government of the Russian Federation calculated that the supply of agricultural products and food to Russia from countries that fell under the Russian food embargo decreased more than 100 times since 2013.
According to the report sent to the President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin, 31 thousand tons of products against 3 million 442.2 thousand tons were imported from the sanctions countries in the first half of 2019, Interfax reported.
At the same time, the cost of imported products decreased to $226.5 m. with $4 billion 975.5 million, respectively.
These are the supply of goods that did not fall under the embargo.
As indicated in the report, the volume of prohibited products was offset by increased imports from CIS countries, Africa, South-East Asia, Serbia.
Recall that at the end of August the government extended to 31 December 2020 the validity of the rules for the destruction of agricultural products, raw materials and food, which are prohibited for import into Russia within the framework of counter-sanctions.
The document posted on the official portal of legal information noted that the duration of the regulations was extended for another year - from 31 December 2019 to 31 December 2020.
Initially, the decree on the destruction of sanctions applied to products from the United States, the EU, Australia, Norway and Canada.
Later, since August 13, 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland, Liechtenstein, from 1 January 2016 - Ukraine have joined the list.
The signed decree on the destruction of illegally imported “sanctions” (products, food embargoes, which Moscow introduced in response to the anti-Russian sanctions of the West) entered into force in 2015.
In turn, the Government had allowed the destruction of “sanctions” in any legitimate manner.
As the Western sanctions persist, the Russian Federation also extended its response.
At the same time, on products that citizens import for personal use, this measure does not apply.
The prohibition does not apply to the import of goods for personal consumption weighing up to 5 kilograms.
However, the head of the Council under the President of the Russian Federation for the development of civil society and human rights Mikhail Fedotov previously called "simple immoral" the destruction of food, and this, according to him, has a negative impact on the upbringing of people.
Moreover, Rospotrebnadzor delivered an initiative to ban the destruction of food suitable for use in early June.
Following this similar recommendation, the Government gave the Human Rights Council under the President of the Russian Federation.
And Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation Alexey Gordeev said that to destroy food is wrong, and it is necessary to think how to use them on the purpose, evaluating quality.
The head of the firm found guilty of tax evasion
Sentencing of the Leninsky District Court of Cheboksary, Director of Zemlya and Law LLC Vyacheslav Morozov was found guilty of committing crimes provided for in paragraph 2 of Article 199 of the Criminal Code (tax evasion from the organization by including in the tax declaration knowingly false information committed in a particularly large amount) and Part 2 of Article 327 of the Criminal Code (forgery of the official document granting rights and exempting from duties, for the purpose of its use, committed in order to conceal another crime and facilitate its commission).
This is reported by the press service of the Investigation Department of the SKR Chuvashia.
From January 2008 to December 2009 Vyacheslav Morozov made information about non-performing transactions in the tax accounting documents.
According to the fictitious documents, the company has incurred additional costs, and therefore the amount of taxes paid for value added and the profit of 11.2 million rubles were reduced.
Vyacheslav Morozov is sentenced to 3.5 years in prison.
By 2023 the first school of a new format will be opened in the center of the capital
The school of a new sample will be opened in Khamovniki.
According to the head of the Moskstroyoinsta Anastasia Pyatova, there will be all conditions for self-realization and development of talents of children.
The educational institution decided to call "New look".
This project will supervise the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Foundation for Economic Development of Higher School.
The design of the building with an area of about 10 thousand "quads" is planned to start next year.
The end of the construction at the end of 2022, and already in the next will begin to gain the first pupils.
"The project provides for the creation of a publicly accessible, non-profit educational space, which will be based on the traditions of the classical Moscow school and experimental methods," the press service of the Moskstroyoinstroy noted.
In Chile, a telescope worth 1 billion euros began
This is reported by TASS with reference to the press service of the European Southern Observatory (ESO).
According to ESO, this week the construction of the dome of the building, where the E-ELT (European Extremely Large Telescope - "European ultra-large telescope" is located, will be officially launched, while the most expensive and ambitious terrestrial astronomical project.
Its total cost, according to ESO, will exceed the billion euros.
Most of these money will be spent on the production of equipment and building the observatory building.
The most expensive and complex component of the telescope is its record large mirror, whose diameter will be about 39 meters.
It will be collected from 798 hectare segments of 1.4 meters.
This is a huge mirror, as well as two auxiliary reflecting surfaces with a diameter of 4.2 and 3.75 meters will help E-ELT get the first detailed photos of the planets outside the solar system, stars in other galaxies, as well as look for the Earth's twin.
In addition, scientists will try to use this observatory for observing the area of Sgr A*, super-massive black hole in the center of Milky Way.
Despite the fact that the construction of the dome has only started, the mirrors, scientific instruments and other components of the observatory scientists, engineers and other specialists are developing three years - from the moment of the announcement of the first plans for the construction of E-ELT.
The contract for the production of the main mirror, whose total cost was about 400 million euros, received the German company SCHOTT and the French company Safran Reosc.
