In the CAR, three people died in the crash of a UN helicopter
Three people were killed and another injured in a helicopter crash of the Senegalese Armed Forces, which carried out an operation led by a UN peacekeeping mission, in the city of Bouar in the western CAR.
This was reported on Friday by the DakarActu portal with reference to the Senegalese army.
The head of the mission, Mankeur Ndiaye, confirmed the information about the plane crash, noting that the helicopter crash occurred at the time of landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter was returning after an operation to combat armed groups.
The Senegalese army reported that it is in contact with the UN on the evacuation of the victim and the bodies of the dead.
Coordinator of the Arkhangelsk headquarters Navalny sentenced to public works
The Oktyabrsky District Court of Arkhangelsk announced the verdict to the coordinator of the regional headquarters of Alexei Navalny Andrei Borovikov.
For repeated violation of the rules for holding rallies (Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation, the so-called Dadina article), the court appointed him 400 hours of compulsory work, a Kommersant correspondent from the courtroom reports.
The case was opened in April this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a landfill in the Arkhangelsk region.
The first under Art. 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation in 2015, activist Ildar Dadin was sentenced to three years in prison.
On the eve of the announcement of the verdict, September 26, the court held a debate of the parties.
The prosecution insisted on forced labor for a period of three years.
In relation to me, a preventive measure was chosen in the form of restriction of freedom, which is that I cannot attend public mass events and cannot communicate with the organizers of the protest rally on April 7.
"All this time I wore an electronic bracelet and a base.
That's how they tracked my location.
I note that I was not limited in movement.
Recently flew from Moscow, where he was trained, "said Andrei Borovikov.
After the verdict was announced, the coordinator of Navalny's regional headquarters said that he would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26, a deputy from the Communist Party faction Sergey Shargunov introduced a bill to the State Duma softening Art. 212.1 of the Criminal Code.
Representatives of the Communist Party, LDPR and SR told Kommersant about their intention to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: "Everyone in Rubin needs to think about the reasons for unsuccessful matches."
Midfielder "Rubin" Pavel Mogilevets spoke about the reasons for the unsuccessful game of the team.
Kazan in the championship of Russia suffered four defeats in a row, and also flew out of the Cup.
We tune in to every game, "Izvestia quotes Mogilevets.
Therefore, each of us needs to think about the reasons for such unsuccessful matches.
There are still meetings ahead - we need to prepare for them and correct the situation.
How?
If we knew, we probably would have fixed it by now.
But first of all, it seems to me, we need to add in such component as single combats.
In my opinion, we have problems with this.
The Kremlin supports a ban on smoking on the balconies of residential buildings
The Kremlin supports any measures that will save lives, said presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov, commenting on the ban on smoking on balconies and lodges of apartments.
Earlier, the Cabinet approved changes to the Rules of the fire regime, according to which it is forbidden to use open fire on balconies and rooms of residential buildings.
Later, the EMERCOM of Russia reported that we are talking, among other things, about the prohibition of smoking on balconies and loggia of apartments and hotels.
The changes will enter into force on October 1, 2019.
Administrative liability is provided for the violation.
The Kremlin is positive about any decisions that help save human lives.
"We know how many fires occur, many of them have very tragic consequences and public resonance.
Therefore, any saved life justifies such decisions, "Peskov said.
First of all, the spokeswoman evaluates this as a fire measure, and not a way to protect neighbors from tobacco smoke.
Peskov also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome smoking and is a supporter of a healthy lifestyle.
Gattuso is looking for a job in one of the Russian clubs
Italian football coach Gennaro Gattuso arrived in Russia to search for a new club.
According to the "Championship," the 41-year-old specialist flew to Moscow to study the possibility of finding work in some Russian club.
Gattuso's previous place of work was Milan, which he headed from 2017 to 2018, and which, under his leadership, took fifth place in the standings of the Italian Serie A and failed to reach the Champions League.
As a coach, he also worked in the Swiss Sion, the Greek OFI, as well as the Italian Palermo and Pisa.
Earlier it was reported that Pavel Mamaev's negotiations with Dynamo are in danger of disruption.
Ex-coach of "Milan" arrived in Moscow in order to head the Russian club
Former Italian national team player and ex-Milan head coach Gennaro Gattuso flew to Moscow to head the Russian club.
Gattuso is the 2006 world champion in the Italian national team.
At the club level, he was known for playing for Milan, with whom he twice won the UEFA Champions League in 2003 and 2007.
The Italian began his coaching career in Sion.
Over the past two seasons, Gennaro led the Rossoneri.
Earlier it was reported that the football player of the capital CSKA Konstantin Kuchaev spoke out against the introduction of VAR.
Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine resigned
Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council (NSDC) of Ukraine Alexander Danilyuk wrote a letter of resignation, the office of the president of the country reports.
This was done before the start of the working visit of Vladimir Zelensky to the United States to participate in the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
"The president will consider it upon his return to Kiev," Mr. Zelensky's office said.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree appointing the former Minister of Finance Alexander Danilyuk as secretary of the NSDC at the end of May.
In this post, Mr. Danilyuk replaced Alexander Turchinov, who resigned due to a change of president.
Palkina is the ninth in the World Cup qualification.
Russian Sofya Palkina took ninth place in the qualifying hammer throwing in Group A at the World Championships in Doha.
Her result is 68.53 meters.
In the final, four athletes will perform, having crossed the line of 72 meters.
This is Polish Joanna Fedorov (73.39 m), Ukrainian Irina Klimets (72.93), Frenchwoman Alexandra Tavernier (72.91) and Belarusian Anna Malyshik (72.59 m).
In the final, 12 best athletes from two groups will perform.
Palkina's participation in the fight for medals will become known after the performance of athletes from group B.
Kvyat's car failed during the first practice in Sochi
The Russian pilot "Toro Rosso" Daniil Kvyat had to prematurely complete his first free practice of the Formula 1 Grand Prix of Russia.
The Russian car lost power and the rider could not get to the boxes.
Quat parked the car in one of the security areas.
Before flying out of the race, the Toro Rosso pilot held fifth position.
It is expected that the second free practice will take place today, September 27, at 15:00 Moscow time at Sochi Avtodrom.
Earlier it was reported that Kvyat shared his expectations from the Sochi Grand Prix.
China strongly opposes US adoption of the Taipei Bill
China strongly opposes the adoption by the United States of the so-called "Taipei Bill," which seriously violates the principle of one China and the principles of three Sino-American joint communiqués.
This was announced on Friday by the official representative of the Office of the State Council of China for Taiwan, Ma Xiaoguang.
The approval of the US Senate Committee on Foreign Relations of this bill is also a serious violation of international law and the basic principles of international relations and gross interference in the internal affairs of China, said Ma Xiaoguang.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues relate to China's internal affairs.
"We urge the American side to clarify the situation, immediately stop promoting relevant negative bills, and immediately stop interfering in the Taiwanese issue in order to avoid further damage to Sino-American relations, as well as peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," he said.
China must and will be reunited.
This historical trend cannot be stopped by anyone and no forces, Ma Xiaoguang emphasized.
TikTok hides objectionable videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under 18 years old
Imagine China / Reuters
Chinese social network TikTok censors videos that mention Tiananmen Square, Tibet independence or the banned religious group Falun Gong, the Guardian says.
The documents found at the publication say that the owner of TikTok (ByteDance company) using the application promotes the goals of China's foreign policy abroad.
Most of the violations related to Chinese policy fall under the "incitement to hatred."
In each case, TikTok places objectionable publications in a context suitable for general rules so that the actions of the social network do not look censored.
For example, the ban on criticism of the socialist system of China falls under the general ban of "criticism or attacks on the policies and social rules of any country, such as the constitutional monarchy, the parliamentary system, etc."
The ban on mentioning Tiananmen Square incidents or genocide in Cambodia falls under the "distortion of the history of China or other countries."
The document also contains a list of banned names of twenty "foreign leaders or statesmen," including North Korean leaders Kim Jong Il, Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Un, Indian politician Mahatma Gandhi, American presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park KyDand Prime Renee, President Indonesia Indonesia
Prohibited material is divided into two categories, the document says.
Publications from the first category are deleted by social network administrators and may lead to user blocking.
Not too strict violations belong to the second category: such publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited to TikTok algorithms.
Representatives of ByteDance told The Guardian that these rules are outdated and no longer apply: "Now we use a localized approach for moderation, and also attract independent local specialists."
Russian TikTok users have no specific restrictions on publications, says Rustem Bogdanov, co-founder of the Production Center.
The Production Center is one of the Russian media companies that officially collaborates with TikTok.
The Production Center coordinates all advertising materials of bloggers with representatives of the social network, but user materials can be posted without approval, Bogdanov reports.
When asked whether TikTok can speak out about politics or Putin, Bogdanov answers in the affirmative and says that he has seen such publications.
Roman Zaripov, founder of Our Didgital, agrees with Bogdanov: "TikTok lists the basic rules for users in the user agreement: you can't post shocking content, discriminating statements, and so on."
But under these rules you can bring any content that moderators do not like, Zaripov notes.
Zaripova Agency is another Russian partner of TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under 18 years old.
By user agreement, only persons over 13 years old can use TikTok.
Social network administrators check their age using artificial intelligence: the neural network analyzes faces and determines how many years a person looks like, Bogdanov says.
If the neural network decides that the user is younger, their account can be deleted, he adds.
According to RBC, in September 2019, ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of WeWork coworking.
residents of Istanbul spoke about the earthquake in the city
A strong earthquake caused panic in Turkey's largest city
Last Thursday, September 26, an earthquake of magnitude 5.9 in Istanbul occurred in Istanbul.
34 people were injured, ten of them are still in hospitals.
A resident of Istanbul Melike admitted that for the first time in her life she had a panic attack.
"I cried so much.
Sobbed right at the workplace.
Later it became easier, I returned to business.
But I'm so ashamed now!, "The girl told 360.
"There was a really strong earthquake in Istanbul
I can't go back so far!
But in general, I am fine, "political analyst Jaylan Ozgul shared his impressions.
Project manager Celine noted that the mayor of the city keeps all residents informed, but, according to her, the townspeople still feel small tremors of magnitude approximately 3.2 or 3.5.
She also drew attention to the problem of communication immediately after the earthquake.
Chewushka said that she could reach her mother, but the Internet worked "perfectly" and she was able to send a message through WhatsApp.
As the kp.ru website wrote, after the construction, all kindergartens and schools were closed, from where all students were evacuated.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of powerful tremors was recorded 68 kilometers west of Istanbul, in the Sea of ​ ​ Marmara.
Matthews met with the leadership of Toronto.
Forward "Toronto" Auston Matthews held a meeting with the club management.
It discussed a case in which Matthews is accused of hooligan actions.
Everything went well, "TSN quotes the player.
Of course I made a mistake.
And I take full responsibility for the actions committed.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And we discussed with the club how to act in this situation.
I believe that nothing has deteriorated in our relationship.
Roszdravnadzor reported on the results of a check on the fact of amputation of the child's hand
The child in the Rostov region had his hand amputated due to a mistake by doctors, reports Vzglyad with reference to the website of the territorial body of Roszdravnadzor.
An 11-year-old boy broke his arm, after which plaster was applied to him in a hospital in the Zernograd district.
After some time, the child developed gangrene, amputation was performed.
As a result of the audit, it turned out that there were violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis, as well as the standard and amount of assistance provided.
The inspection materials were transferred to the SU SC of Russia in the region.
Earlier, URA.RU reported that the head physician of the city hospital of Yuzhnouralsk was arrested.
Russians warned of fake calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from fraudsters that replace the bank's telephone number has increased.
It is reported by Kommersant, citing data from the Central Bank.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator handed over to telecom operators information about more than 2.5 thousand numbers from which they called customers of various financial organizations.
In 189 cases, operators found a number substitution.
Another 218 numbers were blocked, and in 59 cases they established a restriction on the use of financial services.
Deputy Head of the Information Security Department of the Central Bank Artem Sychev said that a wide range of Russian banks faced a number substitution.
He explained that operators do not always respond to warnings from the Central Bank about fraudulent calls, citing the absence of such an obligation in the law "On Communications."
Otkritie Bank, Rosbank and Alfa Bank confirmed information about an increase in the number of fraudulent calls with a number change.
According to the press service of Bilain, part of the information about fraudulent calls that the Central Bank transmitted was incorrect: the lists included numbers that banks really use to communicate with customers.
Blocking them would cause disruptions to the organization.
Artem Sychev said that the Central Bank plans to create a database of fraudsters' numbers, to which the telecom operator will contact each call to check the number.
He explained that the creation of such a base would require amendments to the legislation.
Trade talks between the United States and China will resume on October 10 in Washington
A new round of trade negotiations between the United States and China will be held in Washington on October 10, CNBC reported.
According to his sources, the Chinese delegation will be headed by Deputy Prime Minister of the State Council of China Liu He.
Note that the last round of trade negotiations between the United States and China was held in Shanghai at the end of July, but the parties could not make progress.
New mutual duties of the United States and China entered into force on September 1.
Earlier, US President Donald Trump said that Washington and Beijing could reach a trade agreement earlier than expected.
The State Duma will check for violations of the law "Voice of America," "Medusa" and "BBC"
The State Duma Commission on the Investigation of Foreign Interference in the Internal Affairs of Russia will conduct inspections of some media for violations of Russian law.
It is reported by Interfax with reference to the head of the commission Vasily Piskarev.
The commission's field of view included Medusa, MBH Media, Voice of America, Present, Radio Liberty and BBC Russian Service.
Earlier it was reported about the planned inspections of Google and Facebook services.
Piskarev also said that he would ask the Foreign Ministry to decide on further accreditation of the German Deutsche Welle, in the publications of which the commission found signs of justification for extremism.
In September, Roskomnadzor revealed political advertising in the services of Google, Facebook and Youtube.
According to the agency, this happened during the Russian elections on September 8.
The facts of violations were submitted to the State Duma commission.
Google later said that the company supports responsible political advertising.
According to employees, it is obliged to comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook noted that advertisers, not the site, should be responsible for complying with Russian election legislation.
The head of Roskomnadzor, Alexander Zharov, accused the company of applying double standards in the placement of political advertising.
Stoltenberg discussed with Zelensky Ukraine's entry into NATO
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky discussed Ukraine's membership in the alliance on the sidelines of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The Secretary General said this during a speech at Columbia University in New York.
Answering the question whether the relevant topic was raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg said that they really discussed this issue, and also emphasized that in his response he did not name the timing of Ukraine's entry into NATO.
According to him, any country that would like to join the North Atlantic Alliance is obliged to fulfill certain conditions in order to meet specific standards, writes RT.
In Crimea, offered Zelensky an alternative to a course in NATO
Instead of heading for NATO membership, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky should work to establish good-neighbourly relations with Russia.
This was announced on Friday, September 27, by the co-chairman of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets.
"The Pan President of Ukraine does not need to repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but should heed the advice of [US President] Donald Trump, who he listened to with a sour face, and establish relations with the President of Russia," Chegrinets told RIA Novosti reporters.
Chegrinets noted that Zelensky is a good actor for him, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will only be able to stay in power if relations with the Russian Federation are established.
Earlier on September 27, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that he had a conversation with Zelensky on the country's entry into the alliance.
According to him, for this Ukraine is obliged to fulfill certain conditions.
On June 5, Rada deputy Yevgeny Balitsky said that the possible entry of Ukraine into the alliance does not guarantee an improvement in life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
"Barcelona" blackmails Neymar
Spanish "Barcelona" and its former footballer Brazilian Neymar are trying to resolve the financial dispute that arose after the striker moved to the French "Paris Saint-Germain."
The case almost went to trial, but the Catalans invited the player to resolve the dispute without the intervention of Themis.
Otherwise, they refuse him to return.
Neymar and his cunning father, who is also an agent of the Brazilian, started an interesting focus: by agreement with Barca, which the player signed in 2016, he was supposed to receive 40 million euros.
However, just a year later, the striker ended up at PSG for a record 222 million euros.
However, he received 22 million from the Catalans and now wants to take the remaining 18.
Moreover, Brazilian lawyers insist that the club also owes him interest on late payment.
When Neymar's claims became known in the capital of Catalonia, Barcelona sent a counterclaim.
Blue Garnet insists that the bonus relied on the implementation of the entire contract - from 2016 to 2022.
Accordingly, the club believes that the player was supposed to be only a quarter of 40 million euros and require the return of the proportional part of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer Neymar and Barca almost agreed to return the "prodigal" player to the fold of Catalonia.
True, the deal fell through, but the hope of a reverse forward transition remains.
And so, according to Sports.Ru, citing insiders, the club's lawyers told the player's representatives that if the issue of financial claims is not settled in pre-trial order, this will exclude the possibility of the Brazilian returning.
Neymar himself so wants to return that he asked for guarantees that the Catalans would buy him back.
March Laar: EKRE members will not be included in the board of the Bank of Estonia
EKRE members have not been and will not be invited to the board.
According to the composition of the Council of the Bank of Estonia, conclusions are made about confidence in the Estonian state.
As long as such behavior persists among EKRE members that they say first, and then think, none of them will be invited to the bank's board.
"The chairman of the Council of the Bank of Estonia cannot apologize for the statements of the board members," Laar said in an interview with Delfi, the ERR broadcasting portal reports.
At the same time, Laar noted that EKRE is represented at meetings of the Eesti Pank council.
The current seventh board of the Bank of Estonia includes, in addition to Laar, Liina Tynisson, Kaye Kerem, Urmas Varblane, Kalev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (Reform Party), Anne Listra and Rein Minka.
At the suggestion of Laar, two members of the council should be replaced - Kallo and Tynisson, in their place Laar was proposed by Enna Eesmaa (Center Party) and Ivari Padara (Social Democratic Party).
At the same time, the Reform Party wanted Andres Sutt to join the council instead of Jaanus Tamkivi.
But Laar replied that the goal of the Reform Party was to get two seats on the council of the Bank of Estonia - in addition to Jaanus Tamkivi, Andres Sutt would also be on the council.
On Tuesday, September 24, the Riigikogu rejected Laar's proposal to appoint new members of the board of the Bank of Estonia.
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the scandal in Kyrgyzstan with the Malakhov show
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the situation with indignation that caused the next release of Andrei Malakhov's Live Broadcast program in Kyrgyzstan, RIA Novosti reports.
Earlier, a Russian diplomat was summoned to the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry after the broadcast.
The Foreign Ministry of the republic believes that the presenter made incorrect statements about the situation around the citizen of Kyrgyzstan Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant in the accident in which Russian Alexander Marugov died.
Malakhov said that a citizen of Kyrgyzstan could adjust the accident.
The accident happened on July 8 in Moscow.
Marugov crashed into a taxi driven by Akbarov on a motorcycle.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is the culprit of the accident.
Malakhov himself, from whom citizens of Kyrgyzstan demanded an apology, said that these words were simply a personal opinion.
As explained in the Russian diplomatic service, the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry did not call Russian diplomats - there was a planned working visit, during which, among other issues, the statements of the TV presenter were discussed.
"The point of view of Andrei Malakhov is the opinion of a journalist, his personal view of the situation," the Foreign Ministry said, saying that this incident will not affect interstate relations between the Russian Federation and Kyrgyzstan.
Skaters Artemyeva and Nazarychev won the junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb
Russian figure skaters Yulia Artemyeva and Mikhail Nazarychev won gold in sports pair competitions at the Junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb, TASS writes.
For the short and free programs, Artemyev and Nazarychev received 179.83 points.
In second place with a score of 177.58 points was another Russian couple - Diana Mukhametzyanova and Ilya Mironov, the bronze went to the Germans Annika Hoke and Robert Kunkel (156.31 points).
Russian couple Anna Shcheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of the stage in Zagreb reached the final of the Junior Grand Prix.
It will be held in Turin from December 5 to 8.
Later on September 27, the free program will be shown by young men in single skating.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28.
On September 21, Russian figure skater Alexandra Trusova set new world records in the free program and in terms of the total points at the tournament in Slovakia.
The judges rated her free rental at 163.78 points, and the short program at 74.91 points.
For a 15-year-old athlete, these competitions were the first at the adult level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only from Belarus
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only from Belarus.
Lukashenko visited one of the local cosmetics companies in Minsk today.
He said that imported cosmetics are not better than Belarusian, but the advantage of domestic products is that they are made of local raw materials.
"You need to use your own," the Belarusian leader said.
Alexander Lukashenko stated the need to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the leader of Belarus advised local sugar processors to find new markets for products.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exporting to Russia and "not to suffer."
The situation with the export of sugar has worsened due to the excess product in the markets, RBC recalls.
This also applied to Russia, in which, due to excess sugar, it began to cost 50 kopecks per kilogram less than in Belarus.
In Domodedovo, a truck knocked down a seven-year-old girl to death at the crossing
The driver hit his mother with a child at a pedestrian crossing in Domodedovo, Tatyana Petrova, head of the press service of the Main Directorate of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia for the Moscow Region, told Interfax.
As Petrova said, the incident occurred on Friday at 08:25 on Gagarin Street.
Mother and daughter were hit by a resident of Domodedovo born in 1994 while driving a Gaz truck.
As a result of the accident, a seven-year-old child died on the spot, and the woman was hospitalized.
"A criminal case has been instituted against the driver under Part 3 of Art. 264 of the Criminal Code (violation of traffic rules and the operation of vehicles, resulting in the death of a person by negligence)," said a representative of the regional police headquarters.
The sanction of this article provides for a maximum penalty of imprisonment for up to 5 years.
Currently, the offender is detained, Petrov concluded.
The former head of the DPR spoke about his work in Russia
Former acting Head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) Dmitry Trapeznikov, who headed the administration of Elista, assessed the state of the city.
The official said this in a comment to the Telegram channel "Rise."
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic state.
"It is necessary to level the economy, you need to put an economic hand: here, of course, you need to make roads and outdoor lighting," he said, adding that among the tasks is to make a comfortable landscaped city.
Trapeznikova for the post of mayor of Elista was proposed by the head of Kalmykia, Batu Khasikov.
The former acting head of the DPR admitted that he had known the head of the region for a long time.
In particular, he repeatedly came to the republic, where he worked with young people and held sports events.
"And he turned to me, invited me to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then offered to lead the city," the official added.
Separately, Trapeznikov commented on the information of the source of RBC owned by Grigory Berezkin, who said that his candidacy to the head of Kalmykia was proposed by presidential aide Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication, was "long friends" with Khasikov.
"They don't write much.
And at the level of various invented stories happens.
I think you should not pay attention, "he added.
The mayor of Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and a DPR passport.
September 26, he headed the administration of Elista.
Putin and the Security Council discussed ensuring security without the INF Treaty
The meeting also discussed the settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee
Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed with the Security Council of the Russian Federation security issues after the termination of the Treaty on Intermediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, including taking into account the proposal of a number of NATO member countries to introduce a moratorium on the deployment of INF.
This was announced by the press secretary of the Russian leader Dmitry Peskov.
The Kremlin representative noted that the meeting also discussed current issues of the country's socio-economic development, as well as further prospects for a settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Chairman of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko, Secretary of the Security Council Nikolai Patrushev, FSB Director Alexander Bortnikov, Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergey Naryshkin.
As the kp.ru website wrote, on September 25, the Russian leader sent a proposal to some member countries of the North Atlantic Alliance to introduce a moratorium on the deployment of intermediate-range and shorter-range missiles in Europe.
However, the Secretary General of the Alliance, Jens Stoltenberg, called Putin's proposal unrealistic.
Dump truck demolished an overpass on the highway under construction in Crimea
A dump truck with a raised body knocked down two beams of an overpass under construction on the Tavrida highway in the Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cab and thereby saved his life.
The incident occurred on the morning of September 27 in the Bakhchisarai district of the peninsula.
A man driving a heavy car remembered to lower his body, and when he remembered, it was too late to slow down.
The driver jumped out of the cab, and the dump truck crashed into an overpass at speed.
Collapsed beams crushed the cabin and blocked the roadway, along which, however, there is no movement yet.
The amount of damage has yet to be established, they plan to recover it from the subcontractor of the construction of the highway, whose driver made an accident.
Medvedev congratulated educators on a professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated educators and all preschool workers on their professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in a telegram published on the Government website.
Medvedev noted that the profession of an educator is special, requiring great love for his work, wisdom, patience and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you with their child.
And you are doing everything to make kindergarten a second home for children, where it is cozy, interesting, safe.
"Together with you, they will learn the world around them, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn independence, the ability to communicate and be friends," the Prime Minister said.
According to the Prime Minister, thanks to the educator, children have a character and abilities.
Medvedev is sure that the future of children depends on the teacher.
"That is why the development of preschool education, improving its quality, the construction of modern kindergartens, material support for employees of preschool institutions are priority tasks of the state social policy, the national project" Demography "is aimed at solving," the head of government said.
Rooms in the center of Moscow are rented at the price of an apartment on the outskirts
Despite the reduction in the number of communal apartments in Moscow, demand for them does not fall.
Supply is tightened by demand due to room-by-room rental of apartments.
In the center of Moscow, renting rooms rises in price faster than on the outskirts - mainly due to high demand.
At the same time, rooms in the center are rented at the price of apartments on the outskirts.
So, in Khamovniki, the average price for renting a room is 28 thousand rubles, according to a study of the portal "World of Apartments."
For this money you can remove a odnushka near the Moscow Ring Road.
On Arbat, rooms are rented out for an average of 27.3 thousand rubles, although individual offers can compete with rates not only for one-room, but also for two-room apartments in sleeping areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are rented in Kapotna - the average price tag in the district amounted to 13.6 thousand rubles.
The second place on the cheapness of the Biryulevo Zapadnoye district (13.8 thousand).
For 14.1 thousand rooms are rented in Biryulev Vostochny and Veshnyaki.
The most expensive area for the Moscow Ring Road was Solntsevo, where rooms are rented out for almost 16 thousand rubles a month.
Rooms in Northern and Southern Butov and Novo-Peredelkin will cost a little less.
How to increase the future pension and not recycle
He is able to pay a pension not only to the Pension Fund of the Russian Federation, but also to non-state pension funds.
NPFs are private companies, Volgograd правда.ру reports.
They work as a contribution: you make contributions, the fund invests them and eventually returns money to you with interest.
If you are interested in this method, then first study the information about NPFs on the Bank of Russia website.
All funds work according to the same rules that are established by federal laws.
Retirement points can be bought by law.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of service you do not have enough to accrue a pension.
This method is suitable for those who worked informally.
In addition, you can make a contribution for your relative, for example, for a housewife wife.
A recommendation for those who think about retirement at the beginning of their work journey.
Increased pension payments are received by civil service employees, doctors, teachers, agricultural workers and people who have worked a certain number of years in the Far North.
So that you do not refuse anything to yourself with the onset of retirement age, take care of this in advance.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, set aside money for deposits.
The most important thing is to constantly increase your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth power unit of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant
A video taken in the control room of the fourth power unit at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant appeared on the Internet, the Ruptly video agency was the first to publish it on YouTube.
It is noted that a group of 15 representatives of the media received access to the fourth hall of control of the Chernobyl reactors as part of the presentation of a guide to the exclusion zone.
According to the RT Telegram channel, journalists were there in special protective suits for less than five minutes, since the ruins of the power unit destroyed by the explosion still emit radiation 40 thousand times higher than normal.
The accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred on the night of April 26, 1986.
12 regions in Ukraine and 23% of Belarus were exposed to radiation pollution.
In Russia, 19 regions were affected.
Recall that in July this year, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky signed a decree according to which a green corridor opened to tourists appeared in the Chernobyl zone.
Also in the exclusion zone, the ban on filming was lifted.
Earlier it was reported that the zone of alienation of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant from the Belarusian side was opened for tourists.
The organizers of the excursions emphasized that for a day in the zone you can get less radiation than during a flight on an airplane.
Tarasov repeated Ibrahimovic's trick
The former midfielder of the Moscow "Locomotive" took part in the challenge, which was launched by the Swedish forward of the American "Los Angeles Galaxy" Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Tarasov posted the video with the stunt on his Instagram.
After that, Tarasov challenged the midfielder of the "railroad" Alexei and Anton Miranchuk, the rap artist T-Killah, as well as bloggers from the YouTube channel 2DROTS.
The Swede posted a video with the hashtag # matrixchallenge, on which he holds the ball on his chest, deflecting back, and performs movements with his hands, like the protagonist of the film "Matrix" Neo, who in one of the scenes similarly evaded bullets flying into him.
Ibrahimovic offered to repeat the trick to Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba, tennis player Novak Djokovic, Russian UFC champion Khabib Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Raiola, noting them under the record.
Earlier it was reported that the wife of a Ukrainian football player took part in the challenge of Ibrahimovic.
Trade turnover of Russia and Slovakia may reach $6 billion in 2019
With a positive trend, trade between Russia and Slovakia can reach 6 billion rubles in 2019, said Slovak Minister of Economy Peter Žiga.
At a meeting of the intergovernmental commission on economic and scientific and technical cooperation between the Russian Federation and Slovakia, the minister noted the growth in trade between the two countries.
According to the results of last year, it amounted to 13 percent, the figure of 5.5 billion dollars was achieved.
In the first half of 2019, states reached $3 billion in mutual trade, Zhiga said.
According to the head of the Ministry of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov, in order to consolidate this positive trend, it is necessary to increase cooperation in the industrial sector.
Earlier it became known that the parliamentarians of Russia and Slovakia are going to hold joint events to develop tourism between the countries, as well as cooperation in the field of health and education.
TNT decided that rapper Guf is not good enough for the show "The Bachelor"
The Web has been condemned for several days, and whether rapper Guf is worthy of being the new "Bachelor."
He was also reminded of his numerous betrayals and adventures with escorts and even decided that in this way the musician wants to rehabilitate himself for the scandalous clip "Moscow," which received a record number of dislikes from listeners.
But the entire leadership of the TNT channel decided to stop all interruptions at once.
Guf will not be a new participant in the show "The Bachelor."
In an official statement, the press service said that he was considered for this role, but in the end they chose another candidate.
Who could be better than Guf?
Yes, in fact, anyone...
"Well, at least in something, the producers were able to figure it out, it's not the format for this program," "Yes, they just didn't recruit willing girls for him," "Again, another sweet boy will be dragged onto the screen," Web users report the news.
Magomed Ismailov: "When I hear such support from fans, I just become abnormal in the cage."
Russian mixed martial arts fighter (MMA) Magomed Ismailov commented on the victory over Artem Frolov at the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy is just a gun.
He's got cannon strikes.
And when I looked him in the eye, I saw desire and character.
This is a real man.
More respect for him.
I wish him good luck in the future.
He's a real man.
When I hear such support from fans, I just become abnormal in the cage.
It was very hard.
I tried.
I was talking about the show.
Did I promise a show?
Was that a show?
Thank you.
And to those who said that I choke in the third round...
Ismailov ended his speech with a victorious gesture.
Deutsche Welle may be deprived of accreditation and recognized as a foreign agent
The State Duma Commission concluded that the German television and radio company Deutsche Welle violated the law, RIA Novosti reports.
Documents will be sent to the Ministry of Justice to recognize Deutsche Welle as a foreign agent.
Materials for the deprivation of accreditation in Russia were transferred to the Russian Foreign Ministry.
Earlier, representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in a meeting of the State Duma commission to investigate the interference of other countries in the internal affairs of Russia.
A large-scale failure on Facebook hit Europe.
Ukraine also got
In the work of the social network Facebook in Europe, a large-scale failure occurred.
Recall that before that, the social network "fell" on September 23.
According to the Downdetector network monitoring resource, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, as well as almost the entire UK, have the greatest problems with access to the social network.
Large-scale failures are observed on the border of Romania and Bulgaria, in Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Portugal.
Facebook is also unavailable almost throughout Poland, in places in Belarus and the Baltic countries.
In Ukraine, judging by the compiled map of failures, Facebook is not available in the Kiev region, as well as partially in the Kharkov and Vinnitsa regions.
Note that in early September, Wikipedia users also experienced problems.
Which club will take Pavel Mamaev released by parole
Football player Pavel Mamaev, released last week from the colony on parole, will not return to the Krasnodar football club.
The former midfielder of this club in the near future may sign a contract with FC Rostov, the Championship portal reports.
According to the publication, negotiations between representatives of "Rostov" and Mamaev are now in the final stage.
Presumably, the contract with the 31-year-old football player will be signed for two years with the possibility of extension for another season.
Sport Express writes that a day earlier Pavel Mamaev was supposed to undergo a medical examination at Dynamo Moscow, but the check did not take place due to the "uncertain situation in the club."
Krasnodar terminated the contract with Mamaev last week by agreement of the parties.
The midfielder has played for the Krasnodar club since 2014.
With the team, he twice won the bronze of the Russian championship.
Earlier, Mamaev played for the Moscow Torpedo and CSKA.
From 2009 to 2016, Mamaev played for the Russian national team, having spent 15 matches in its composition.
Together with Zenit player Alexander Kokorin, Mamaev was serving a sentence for participating in fights in the center of Moscow last October.
In mid-September, they were released from the colony by parole.
Zenit signed a new contract with Kokorin.
A man with a samurai sword tried to defend a cart found in a garbage pile
A resident of the American city of Oakland Park, Florida, was arrested on charges of attempted murder after he swung a samurai sword at his opponent in a dispute over a cart found in garbage.
54-year-old Curtis Miller dug in a lot of garbage near the empty house.
This was noticed by Todd Beavers, who went on an evening walk.
The latter decided to join the search and found a black cart among the discards.
Miller saw Beavers' find and was upset.
He believed that he could claim a cart, as he was the first to dig into the garbage.
The men started arguing.
Suddenly Beavers grabbed the cart and ran with it towards his house.
Then Miller took the samurai sword he found in the same pile and began to pursue the opponent.
He caught up with Beavers outside his house.
Miller grabbed the sword from his knives and began waving it in the direction of the cart kidnapper.
Beavers told Miller that what was happening was recorded on video.
Noticing the video camera, Miller escaped, but threatened to return.
Beavers left the cart in the yard and went into the house.
Soon after, he saw that an unfamiliar woman entered his yard and took the cart, shouting insults.
The police were already looking for Miller for driving without a license.
The man was detained, he was charged with attempted murder.
In September, it was reported that in the American city of Hardiston, New Jersey, a hedge fund manager attacked an unfamiliar woman and wounded her with a sword.
Thus, he reacted to the fact that the guests at the wedding, which was celebrated in the same hotel where he stayed, did not let him smoke.
Riots for three
The "Moscow case" against participants in summer protests the further, the more noticeably it falls into separate fragments and loses political content.
Evidence of the very fact of "riots" cannot stand the test, but in the absence of a political decision to lower this case on the brakes, a weak evidence base would not necessarily lead to the dismissal of charges.
The collapse of the case should inspire society, but it will probably leave in extreme annoyance the security forces, whose efforts to fill the case with defendants and evidence turned out to be in vain.
On Thursday, September 26, one of the three defendants remaining in the case under Art. 212 of the Criminal Code (riots) - Alexei Minyaylo was unexpectedly released from custody without any obligations, and after a few hours he was completely rehabilitated: the TFR dropped the charges against him.
Minyaylo spent almost two months under arrest, several professional communities stood up for him at once: historians, priests, writers.
After that, only two accused of participating in the riots remained in the case (initially there were 13 accused): Sergey Fomin, who was transferred to house arrest on September 3, and Samariddin Rajabov, who was extended the arrest the day before the court until the end of December (he is also accused of using violence against a representative of the authorities, article 318 of the Criminal Code).
The court sentenced the author of a comic petition on Latvia's accession to the United States
The court of the Vidzeme suburb of Riga sentenced the author of the comic petition for Latvia's accession to the United States of America Denis Bartetsky.
It is noted that the man was assigned 80 hours of correctional labor and one year of probation.
"Common sense is not the strongest side of our system," Bartetsky commented on the court decision.
He also added that usually the punishment is less than requested.
The collection of signatures on Latvia's accession to the United States was organized in 2016.
Meanwhile, at the same time as this petition, signatures were collected on the site about Latvia's accession to the Galactic Empire and about the country's withdrawal from the solar system and the Milky Way.
It is noted that a criminal case was instituted against Bartetsky under the first paragraph of Article 82 of the Criminal Law of the country - "Public call to undermine the territorial integrity of the Republic of Latvia."
Prior to this, in 2016, the author of an online petition for Latvia to join Russia received six months in prison.
In Khabarovsk made an emergency landing Japanese airliner
Boeing, flying from Austria to Japan, made an emergency landing at Khabarovsk airport, TASS reports.
On board the airliner owned by the Japanese company ANA, there were 206 people, including 12 crew members.
It is noted that there are no victims.
Another board flew behind people from Tokyo.
As a representative of the Khabarovsk airport told the agency, the cause of the incident was a drop in oil pressure in one of the aircraft's engines.
Earlier it was reported that a plane flying from Zhukovsky Airport near Moscow to Kyrgyzstan made an emergency landing at Samara Airport due to a sick child on board.
Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia proposes to punish for insulting police on the Internet
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia has prepared amendments to the law "On Police" in order to protect law enforcement officers from disseminating defamatory and defamatory information on the Internet.
On Friday, an application for public discussion of the bill appeared on the federal portal of regulatory legal acts, the draft document itself has not yet been published.
The explanatory note to the document notes that it is being developed in connection with the need to protect the honor and dignity of a police officer from "disseminating defamatory information on information and communication networks, including on the Internet, including discrediting information."
How exactly it is supposed to protect police from defamation on the network is not specified.
At the same time, the explanation of the document notes that the provisions of the amendments will be applied "by individualizing the mechanism" already provided for by the law on blocking posts that offend government officials and the law on fines for such posts.
Both laws entered into force in March this year.
The final text of the bill will be published after public discussions and an independent anti-corruption examination.
According to the explanatory note, amendments to the law "On Police" should enter into force in January 2020.
On March 18, President Vladimir Putin signed a law punishing "apparent disrespect for the state" on the Internet.
According to this document, Roskomnadzor warns the resource about the violation and gives it a day to eliminate it.
For the first violation of the prohibitions, a fine of 30 to 300 thousand rubles is provided, and for repeated violation - administrative arrest for up to 15 days.
On April 12, Roskomnadzor first applied this norm to the media, blocking the Yaroslavl edition of 76.ru.
Soon after, the Chudovsky District Court of the Novgorod Region fined a local resident 30 thousand rubles for posting on the network "two records with information in indecent form that offends human dignity and public morals and expresses a clear disrespect for society, the state, and bodies exercising state power in the Russian Federation."
The term for reducing mortgage rates is named
Rates on housing loans in Russia will decrease until the end of 2019.
This was stated by the general director of the credit organization "Дом.рф" Alexander Plutnik, reports Interfax.
As Plutnik noted at the board under the Ministry of Construction of Russia, most banks in the remaining months of the year will conduct another cycle of lowering mortgage rates, and the market average will reach 8.9 percent - the level provided for by the national project "Housing and Urban Environment."
According to the project passport, in 2019 the average mortgage rate should be 8.9 percent, in 2021 - 8.5 percent, by 2024 - 7.9 percent.
The program provides for "the provision of affordable housing for middle-income families, including the creation of opportunities for acquisition (they build housing using a mortgage loan, the rate of which should be less than 8 percent)."
Earlier in September, it became known that one of the largest players in the Russian mortgage market - Sberbank - plans to conduct another reduction in rates on housing loans by the end of 2019.
Will phytoestrogens and phytoandrogens help prolong youth?
The topic of phytoandrogens is poorly studied.
Of the most famous - pine pollen.
But phytoestrogens are well studied and have a positive effect on the body.
They reduce the risks of certain diseases associated with age (among them cardiovascular, some types of cancer).
Famous sources of phytoestrogens are all legumes (the most popular is soybeans), hops, flax seeds.
However, many experts believe that such dietary supplements cannot be a full-fledged replacement for natural hormones.
Possible harm from such additives cannot be ruled out.
For example, against the background of their intake, the production of their own hormones may decrease due to the fact that too many analogues from the outside enter the body.
Veretennikov called for the revival of Kazakhstan's Zhenis.
Former striker of Rotor and the Russian national team Oleg Veretennikov joined the action to revive the Kazakh Zhenis.
The club from Astana, which in different years was called Dynamo, Tselinnik, Astana and Zhenis, was disbanded in 2014.
Veretennikov defended his colors in 2004 and 2008.
"I learned about the action to revive the Zhenis football club, organized by its fans.
And I couldn't stay away!
I spent a season and a half in this club.
These were not the best times in terms of results and funding, but I will never forget this club and its loyal fans, who have always been with the team!
The Munaitpasov Stadium, in which I scored my 200th goal in my career, will forever remain in memory!
"Groom" must be reborn!
He has a huge story and wonderful fans.
I wish them all the best and believe that the city authorities will return their native club to them! "- wrote Veretennikov on Instagram.
The Bastion complex launched the Onyx rocket in Chukotka
For the first time, the Ministry of Defense launched a cruise missile from the Bastion complex in Chukotka.
Onyx started at a distance of 350 kilometers from the target, and 200 of them flew over land, which is a record for this type of missile.
The safety of firing was provided by about 10 warships and ships of the Pacific Fleet, as well as naval aircraft, the information and mass communications department of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation said.
Previously, the Bastion complexes were never used in Chukotka.
The hydrometeorological center called the correct folk signs
In Russia, there are many popular acceptances by which people are trying to predict the weather.
Unfortunately, not all of them work.
The Hydrometeorological Center checked all the signs that allegedly work.
Meteorologists came to the conclusion that only two of them can really be trusted, however, in the short term.
As the supervisor of the Hydrometeorological Center of Russia Roman Vilfand said, if the sun is red during sunset, then the next day will really be dead, as our ancestors noticed.
And if the heavenly shine is whitish, then the next day it will rain.
The second working sign is based on bird surveillance.
More often they talk about swallows, if they fly low, then this is usually to rain.
This is explained simply - when the humidity of the air is high, then the wings wash at the moskhara and the birds are forced to decline in order to hunt insects, writes TASS.
On different continents there are their own popular signs.
Groundhog Day is a traditional folk holiday in the USA and Canada, celebrated annually on February 2.
It is believed that on this day you need to watch a groundhog climbing out of its hole to determine the time of arrival of spring.
Unidentified oil spots found on beaches in northeast Brazil
Oil spills of unknown origin were found on 99 beaches in northeast Brazil.
Pollution centers were scattered over two thousand kilometers of coastline.
Reports of the first oil spots discovered began to arrive on September second.
However, every day until Thursday, their number, like territorial coverage, continued to increase.
The Brazilian Environment Institute conducted a chemical analysis of the identified samples.
It turned out that all of them are identical and it is about crude oil.
The state oil corporation Petrobras, to which the samples found were submitted for analysis, said that they did not correspond in composition to the oil produced from fields in Brazil.
"This is thick oil.
It can be dropped from one of the ships after cleaning the tanks.
Many continue to do so.
And most likely it got to the oceanic current", - the coordinator of labor union of workers of oil industry of states Pernambuco and Paraiba Rozherio Almeida told the Brazilian news G1 portal.
He also added that, despite the ban on this practice, many ships continue to dump waste on the high seas.
On the beaches of four of the eight affected states in the northeast of the country, environmental advocates found nine sea turtles completely covered with oil film.
And only two of them were saved.
In the coming days, the Brazilian Environmental Institute, together with Petrobras, will begin cleaning contaminated beaches.
In the meantime, the institute's experts recommend that tourists and local residents bypass the oil slicks and notify of all detected contamination centers.
Medvedev instructed to review the standards of catering enterprises
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev instructed Rospotrebnadzor, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Economy and the Ministry of Industry and Trade, together with the business ombudsman and the business community, to revise sanitary and epidemiological rules and standards for catering organizations.
They will also have to study the issue of moving to the application of the requirements established by the technical regulations of the Eurasian Economic Union in the organization of nutrition.
Departments should submit their proposals to the government no later than October 15, according to the list of instructions of Mr. Medvedev following the results of the Dialogue program on the Russia 24 television channel on September 11.
In addition, Mr. Medvedev instructed all the mentioned departments, in addition to the Ministry of Justice, to submit proposals for conducting an experiment from January 1, 2020 to limit control measures for catering organizations in a number of regions, including Moscow, Tatarstan and the Kaliningrad region.
Until November 11, the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Economy were instructed to submit a bill to the government with amendments to the Administrative Code on the application of administrative suspension of activities for violating the requirements for food organization, which caused harm to health.
In addition, the Ministry of Labor, the Ministry of Economy, Rospotrebnadzor and the Ministry of Finance need to work out the issue of a gradual transition from 2021 to the formation of a consumer basket based on the basic set of products that allows you to form a full-fledged diet of healthy nutrition.
Recall that the business community spoke about outdated standards of requirements after one cafe from the AnderSon network was closed.
The business community demanded to cancel the existing SanPiNs, Rospotrebnadzor announced the joint development of new ones.
The list included 33 departments.
Meanwhile, Rospotrebnadzor intends to reduce the number of sanitary norms and rules by 40 times by 2021.
Currently, operatives have information about three thefts in which the detainee is involved.
A man was operating in the Skuratovsky microdistrict of Tula.
He stole batteries and car magnets from the cars.
Of the two cars - ВАЗ-2106 and ВАЗ-2107 - the kidnapper took the batteries, presumably for the purpose of further sale.
"And from one more car ВАЗ-2107 for the same purpose, the attacker took the car magnet and subwoofer," the Ministry of Internal Affairs in the Tula region said.
The stolen attacker probably intended to resell.
Currently, a 26-year-old unemployed man has been detained.
Russians have nothing to retire from - V. Matvienko
Federation Council Speaker Valentina Matvienko believes that the Russians do not have enough savings to make the bill on a guaranteed pension product work in full force in the country.
The practice of increasing pensions due to personal savings is quite common in the world.
Another thing is how timely its introduction is with us.
"In my opinion, now a significant part of the population has incomes, of which they simply have nothing to allocate to increase pension provision in the future," V. Matvienko said.
The Russians, according to the speaker, cannot understand the mechanisms for the formation and accrual of pensions, since "constant changes in this area have finally confused them."
This does not mean that I am against improving the pension system governing its legislation.
"Russia is a social state, and we must do everything to ensure that the size of pensions and the social security of citizens improve.
But steps in this direction should be thoughtful, responsible, taking into account domestic realities, "V. Matvienko told RIA Novosti.
The head of the Federation Council emphasized that if this initiative (the bill on a guaranteed pension product) develops, then several basic principles must be provided, including volunteerism, tax preferences for citizens and employers, and strict guarantees and state responsibility for ensuring the safety of pension savings.
On September 6, the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation announced the sending of a bill on a guaranteed pension product (GPP) for approval.
Among its main elements are the exclusively voluntary procedure for joining citizens to the savings system, guaranteeing the safety of long-term pension savings of citizens by the state, registration of savings accounts of citizens by the central administrator, tax benefits for business and tax deductions for citizens.
Spider-Man remains in the Marvel film universe.
Sony and Disney agreed
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The news of the departure of the beloved superhero from the Marvel film universe caused anger among many loyal fans
One of the most famous comic book heroes - Spider-Man - will remain in the Marvel film universe.
Disney and Sony Pictures managed to agree on the rights to use it in franchise films.
This became known from a Sony press release, which says that the third part of Spider-Man with Tom Holland will be released on July 16, 2021.
Earlier it was reported that Disney and Sony Pictures could not come to a consensus on the division of revenues, which is why Spider-Man will leave the Marvel film universe.
The rights to the movie hero are owned by Sony.
She leased them for Marvel films, which is owned by Disney.
As a result, Sony received revenue from revenue in film cashiers, and Disney - from souvenirs and toys.
As reported, at some point such a situation ceased to suit Disney, and the company wanted to revise the agreement.
Marvel Studios President Kevin Feigi said he was delighted.
It's amazing that Spidey [Spider-Man] 's journey in the Marvel film universe will continue.
"All of us at Marvel Studios are very happy to be able to continue working on it.
Spider-Man is an iconic figure.
This is a hero whose story affects all generations and viewers around the world, "his press release said.
At the same time, Feigi recalled that Sony is also creating its own film universe, built just around Spider-Man.
"It so happened that he is the only superpower-endowed hero who finds himself in different film generations.
So, while Sony continues to develop its own Spidy Universe, the future may present unexpected surprises, "he said.
Tom Holland, who played Spider-Man in five films, obviously commenting on the news, posted on his Instagram account an excerpt from The Wolf of Wall Street, in which the hero Leonardo di Caprio shouts "I'm not leaving!"
Information about contradictions between companies appeared in August.
According to media reports, Disney wanted to receive half of the box office revenue from Spider-Man films, provided that both companies would pay half of the costs of producing paintings.
But this did not suit Sony.
The news of the possible departure of the beloved superhero from the Marvel film universe caused anger among many loyal fans.
Details of the new terms have not yet been disclosed.
According to CNBC, Sony declined to comment on the agreement, but said: "We have collaborated perfectly over the past four years, and our joint desire to continue working together was commensurate with the wishes of many fans of [Spider-Man].
We are glad that we can go forward together. "
The film "Avengers: The Finale," combining Spider-Man, Thor, Hulk and other Marvel superheroes, became the highest grossing in the history of world cinema, removing Avatar from first place.
President of Belarus invited to visit Crimea
The head of the Belarusian community of Crimea, Roman Chegrinets, invited President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko to visit the peninsula.
The main dream is to transfer power by inheritance
How did Lukashenko's 25-year reign in Belarus remember
In his opinion, closer economic cooperation with Belarus will benefit the region.
Chegrinets expressed confidence that Belarusian enterprises will come to Crimea after Lukashenko, RIA Novosti reports.
On September 26, the President of Belarus negatively answered the question of a Ukrainian journalist about the return of Crimea to Ukraine.
According to the Belarusian leader, he does not consider this possible in the foreseeable future: "This issue is closed once and for all."
However, in Kiev and the West, the results of the vote were not recognized.
Lukashenko named the reasons for the continuation of the conflict in the Donbass
They came to the famous blogger Andrei Poltava with searches: what is known at the moment
On Friday, September 27, in Poltava, searches are being conducted in the house of relatives of volunteer and blogger Andrei Karpov, known as Andrei Poltava.
This was announced by the blogger himself on Facebook, noting that he does not live at this address.
In addition, Poltava writes that he once again received an email message of this content: "We report that in the territory... I left a homemade bomb.
The second similar explosive device embedded in the car will be detonated today near the house of the famous Ukrainian propagandist Karpov Andrei Anatolyevich (he is also known as Andrei Poltava)...
Death to chasteners".
Karpov believes that his activities as a volunteer, politician and blogger are not liked by the Russian invaders.
Poltava's subscribers are confident that he is making the necessary transfers and wishes him strength and friction.
Recall that Poltava is talking with the Russians about the war in the Donbass, the annexation of Crimea, about peace, politics, and then uploads videos to the Internet.
The blogger ran for the Verkhovna Rada from the European Solidarity party.
Now he is broadcasting on the Direct channel, where he harshly criticizes Russian propaganda.
In 2017, according to ICTV, Karpov was recognized as the best blogger in Ukraine.
Riigikogu: Estonia wants to make climate goals for 2050 even more ambitious
The chairman of the commission, Anneli Ott, noted that to date the commission has held three hearings.
Experts, entrepreneurs and representatives of the Ministry of Environment presented their vision of achieving carbon neutrality in Estonia.
"The resulting review will make it possible to argue that, together with other EU member states, Estonia is actively looking for opportunities to make climate goals for 2050 even more ambitious and agree on ways to achieve them," Ott said.
The Chair added that the Government had also scheduled a discussion on the analysis of the increase in Estonia's climate ambitions for October 3.
The decision made following its results will continue to be discussed in the commissions of the Riigikogu.
Deputy Chairman of the Commission Riina Sikkut said that Estonia needs a clear plan for achieving climate goals, agreed with all interested parties.
International agreements and the high cost of a carbon dioxide quota will be anyway.
"In addition to energy, within the framework of domestic discussions, the Riigikogu could focus on measures in agriculture, transport, forestry and housing.
It is necessary to take into account the socio-economic impact of all changes, "Sikkut emphasized.
This fall, the Riigikogu Commission on European Union Affairs launched a series of parliamentary hearings to prepare a decision with which Estonia will participate in EU negotiations on climate goals for 2050.
Chelsea will lure Neymar with a record salary
The leadership of the English "Chelsea" expressed a desire to acquire the striker of the French PSG Neymar.
It is reported by El Desmarque.
According to the publication, the London club will make an offer to the Parisians in the summer transfer window.
It is noted that Chelsea is going to pay PSG 300 million euros, and Neymar to offer a contract with a salary of 42 million euros, which will make him the highest paid player in the world.
The Brazilian this summer announced his desire to return to Barcelona.
Neymar, according to media reports, did not want to stay at PSG, but in the end failed to leave for another club in the past transfer window.
After that, Parisian fans publicly turned to the football player, expressing dissatisfaction with his actions.
In the Rostov region, the child had his hand amputated due to a medical error
In the Rostov region, an 11-year-old boy lost his hand due to a mistake by doctors.
This is described in a note published on the pages of the Internet media.
According to REGNUM news agency, the child was taken to a hospital in the city of Zernograd with a broken arm.
The boy was cast, after which gangrene developed.
As a result, the limb had to be amputated.
The quoted material says that Roszdravnadzor employees identified in the medical institution "violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis of the child, as well as the standard and amount of assistance provided at the first stage of treatment."
On the fact of the incident will be checked by investigators.
In the Penza region, a car hit a woman with two children
A car hit a woman with a baby in a stroller and a three-year-old son in the Penza region, one child died.
This was reported to the Interfax agency by the head of the press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in the region Olga Evdokimova.
The accident occurred in the Serdobsky district on Friday evening.
The interlocutor of the agency clarified that the woman was walking in the same direction along the side of the road with a stroller, in which there was a child born in 2019, and with a son born in 2016.
The driver of the Ford Focus hit all three.
As a result, the eldest boy died.
The youngest child was taken unconscious to the hospital.
The woman has no injuries, she was released after examination.
According to Evdokimova, the culprit of the accident tried to leave the scene, but was promptly detained.
According to preliminary data, the driver was drunk, he was sent for a medical examination.
On the fact of the accident is being checked.
In Krasnodar, detained a high-ranking ex-policeman from the CBD
Law enforcement officers detained in Krasnodar in the rented apartment of the former head of the operational-search unit of their own security of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Kabardino-Balkaria, Sergei Rybnikov.
He has been wanted since May as part of a bribe case, RIA Novosti writes with reference to representatives of the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs and the TFR.
The man was taken to the investigation unit.
The person involved in the case was detained, before that he was charged in absentia.
According to law enforcement agencies, in 2017-2018. officials of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in the Kabardino-Balkarian Republic received a bribe in the amount of 42 million rubles.
For this money, they did not prevent the illegal transportation of alcohol-containing products in the region.
The defendants in the case are 16 people.
At the same time, 14 of them were detained at the initial stage of the investigation.
Oleg Vinnik hit the Peacemaker base: what happened
Popular Ukrainian singer Oleg Vinnik, who starred in the project # All-World with Russian stars who supported the Kremlin's policy towards Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea, got into the Peacemaker base.
A message about this appeared on the official website of the base.
The description refers to the fact that Vinnik became a member of the Russian propaganda anti-Ukrainian action # All-World, aimed at shifting the responsibility of the war unleashed by Russia (aggressor country) to Ukraine.
Let's remind, Vladimir Posner, Mireille Mathieu (France), Alessandro Safin (Italy), Valery, Soso Pavliashvili, Igor Krutoy, Zara, Tamara Gverdtsiteli, Denis Klyaver, Valery Syutkin, Dmitry Malikov, Maxim Pokrovsky, Yana Poplavskaya, Maxim Averin, Ksenia Alferova, Nonna Grishayeva and others took part in the clip.
Most of the flash mob participants publicly support the Kremlin's aggressive policy.
Vinnik became the only Ukrainian participant in the project.
The singer's press service previously explained that the artist took part in a project in support of the International Day of Peace, which is celebrated on September 21, and did not change his patriotic position.
Recall that a wave of indignation arose on the network.
The video itself is called mocking.
How can artists who visited the occupied Crimea, support Putin's policy, which unleashed a war in the Donbass, where people die almost every day, talk about peace?
Four people convicted of a series of robberies of summer cottages in Khabarovsk
In Khabarovsk, the court sentenced four residents of the village of Druzhba, who for two years robbed cottages in the Cosmos and Rainbow partnerships in the Black River area.
This was reported on September 27 by the Khabarovsk Territory Today news agency.
The criminal group included previously innocent men 31 and 37 years old and two brothers 21 and 24 years old.
It was found that the inspiration for the crimes is the eldest of the brothers, who in his youth served in a colony for minors.
Alone, he robbed nine houses, later the rest joined in.
The damage from each of the thefts ranged from three to 21 thousand rubles.
The criminals carried away stoves, refrigerators, curtains, buckets, gas cylinders, chairs, pedestals and many other objects.
They managed to detain them thanks to a triggered security alarm in the last house.
The defendants were found guilty of thefts committed with illegal entry into the home, causing significant damage to a group of persons by prior conspiracy.
"The brothers were sentenced to 3 years and 6 months in prison in a penal colony, the other two defendants to 2 years 10 months and 1 year 6 months in prison suspended," the agency quotes Yulia Vasilieva, senior assistant prosecutor of the Khabarovsk district.
Medvedev: Kokorin continues training on an individual program
Forward St. Petersburg "Zenith" Alexander Kokorin continues training on an individual program after being released on parole, reports TASS with reference to the general director of the team Alexander Medvedev.
Last Thursday, September 26, the striker began training with Zenit-2.
The photo with Kokorin on his Instagram was posted by the mentor of the second team of blue-white-blue Vladislav Radimov.
Earlier, Medvedev said that Kokorin may play for Zenit in a friendly match in the fall.
In official meetings, the striker will be able to prove himself after January 22, 2020, he should be registered in the nearest transfer window.
Recall, on October 8, 2018, Kokorin, his younger brother Kirill, Krasnodar midfielder Pavel Mamaev and children's coach Alexander Protasovitsky staged a series of fights in the center of Moscow.
Drunk athletes beat three people.
For a long time they were in jail.
In May 2019, the court sentenced them to real prison terms.
The Kokorin brothers were sent to jail for a year and a half, Mamaev and Protasovitsky - for 1 year and 5 months.
In September 2019, the court granted the request of athletes, with the exception of Protasovitsky, for parole.
The first fights according to the rules of Alexander Emelianenko will be held on November 29.
The first MMA fights according to the rules that Alexander Emelianenko invented will be held in Moscow on November 29 - on the undercard of the boxing match between Emelianenko and strongman Mikhail Koklyaev.
The fights we lost in spectacular, "Emelianenko said in an interview with SE.
There's no one to look at.
Therefore I came up with a new kind of mixed single combats - Universal World Fight.
The rules are three different rounds.
MMA is a sport where all martial arts are collected.
A mixed-style fighter should be able to do everything - and work in the rack, and fight, and work in the stalls.
The first round is only shock equipment in the rack.
The second round - only wrestling, while time for carrying out reception in orchestra seats is limited to 30 seconds.
Third round - everything is allowed.
When will the first tournament be held according to the rules that you came up with?
November 29.
On the undercard of our fight with Koklyaev.
But it is still unknown how many fights there will be.
A veteran and his wife were killed in a Russian city
A veteran of World War II and his wife were killed in Ryazan.
This was reported on the website of the regional Investigative Committee.
The bodies of a man and a woman born in 1928 and 1930 were found in their apartment.
It is noted that they showed signs of violent death.
A criminal case has been instituted on the fact of the incident.
The investigation checks various versions, including those related to the vested motive for the murder.
At the moment, the investigation is ongoing.
On August 24, it was reported that a man was detained in Kaluga who killed a 92-year-old veteran for drug money.
It is noted that an elderly man was hit at least ten times.
A criminal case was instituted under part 4 of article 111 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation ("Intentional infliction of grievous bodily harm, resulting in the death of the victim by negligence").
Later, the Mash Telegram channel reported that the suspect in the murder five years ago glass the veteran's balcony.
KamAZ-Master will put up four crews at Dakar 2020
On Friday, September 27, a KamAZ-Master press conference was held in Naberezhnye Chelny, at which team leader Vladimir Chagin named the riders who will take part in the Dakar 2020 rally raid.
The Russian team at the rally marathon will be represented by four crews who will perform on KamAZ-43509 trucks: the current Dakar champion Eduard Nikolaev, the winner of the Silk Road 2019 rally Anton Shibalov, as well as Andrei Karginov and Dmitry Sotnikov.
Currently, the process of preparing the team for the Dakar 2020 rally has entered the final stage.
According to the press service of the team.
On December 5, 6, in French Marseille, primary technical inspections and loading by ferry will be held to send the equipment of the race participants to the Arabian Peninsula.
Recall that starting in 2020, the Dakar rally marathon changes its deployment.
After 10 years spent on the routes of South America, the race organizers signed a five-year contract with Saudi Arabia.
The 42nd Dakar starts on January 5 from the Red Sea coast from Jeddah.
On January 11, participants will spend a rest day in the capital of the kingdom of Riyadh, and finally, the finish of the race is scheduled for January 17 in the town of Kiddia.
Trade with Russia is not only tanks
Trade between Russia and India can double due to the geopolitical situation.
Deputy Director of the Confederation of Indian Industry Manish Kumar spoke about this at the 5th anniversary forum of small and medium-sized businesses in the regions of the SCO and BRICS participating countries.
It is important for us to learn from the SCO and BRICS countries, including Russia, "said a guest from Delhi.
- Our confederation has 9,000 direct members and 300,000 partner companies from 130 countries.
All this is a small and medium-sized business that cooperates with the countries of the Shanghai Organization.
And we are not standing still, but developing, and all these sanctions against Russia and the geopolitical situation in general only help us all grow.
Now our bilateral trade exceeds 10 billion US dollars, but these figures can be doubled.
First of all, due to new technologies in the field of health care, artificial intelligence and robotics.
Our trade is not only tanks and heavy industry.
According to Manish Kumar, India has already established the first contacts with modern centers of Russia.
So, a delegation from Delhi and other cities recently visited Skolkovo and Innopolis.
We signed a memorandum on the creation of systems in which it will be possible to build our modern business.
After all, entrepreneurship is not a whim, but a necessity.
The necessary step for us towards economic well-being.
We need to expand, attract small and medium-sized businesses, and together with Russia, China and other countries we will definitely do this, "the Indian industrialist emphasized.
Recall that Ufa hosts the Forum of Small and Medium Business of the Regions of the SCO and BRICS Participating Countries for the fifth time in a row.
From September 25 to 27, more than 2,800 people from Russia and another 31 countries of the world took part in the forum.
As part of a working trip to Tobolsk, the Governor of the Tyumen Region Alexander Moor took part in the grand opening of the Sokolovsky water intake after reconstruction.
Now its productivity is 25 thousand cubic meters per day.
The reconstruction of the water intake was carried out as part of the implementation of the federal project "Clean Water" under the national project "Ecology."
Investors helped the authorities: Sokolovsky water intake became another example of the use of the private-state partnership mechanism.
The Tyumen region has a unique experience of interaction in this area of ​ ​ federal structures, regional authorities, local administration and a private investor.
New artesian wells appeared at the facility.
Pumping stations were built above them.
Water purification and decontamination facilities were reconstructed.
As a result, the Sokolovsky water intake will provide tobolks with high-quality drinking water.
Plans for looping Sokolovsky and Zhukovsky water intakes.
Then Tobolsk will be fully able to switch to underground water supply sources.
Water treatment facilities to be expanded in Vagay
In Congress, in an interview with Trump with Zelensky, they saw the "Russian trace"
In the lower house of the US Congress, the Russian Federation was accused of involvement in the scandal caused by a telephone conversation between the head of the White House, Donald Trump, and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.
The assumption that "Russians" may somehow be behind this story was expressed by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, reports MSNBC News.
"I believe Russia had a hand in this," the Democrat said, but did not comment further.
Pelosi-led Democrats, who hold a majority in the House, previously announced the launch of impeachment proceedings against the president.
This happened after an intelligence informant complained about Trump.
The informant suspected that in a conversation with Zelensky in July, Trump pressured his interlocutor to make a case against the son of former Vice President Joseph Biden, while the latter could become Trump's rival in the elections a year later.
The White House had to provide congressmen and the public with a transcript of the scandalous conversation.
Norilsk Nickel will send 139.8 billion rubles for dividends in the first half of the year
Norilsk Nickel will send 139.88 billion rubles (about $2.1 billion) for dividends in the first half of 2019.
The decision was made at an extraordinary meeting of shareholders.
It is noted that the payment per share will be 883.93 rubles.
"Shareholders approved on October 7, 2019 the date on which persons entitled to receive dividends are determined," the company's press service said.
According to the Moscow Exchange at 18:03, the value of one Norilsk Nickel share increased by 1.04% to 16.5 thousand rubles.
Van Yi met with UN Secretary General A. Guterres
Member of the State Council, Minister of Foreign Affairs of China Wang Yi on Thursday met with UN Secretary General António Guterres at the UN headquarters in New York.
As A. Gutterish said at the meeting, China plays an extremely important role in creating a multipolar world.
The UN is grateful to the Chinese government for its strong support and fruitful cooperation, and also appreciates the important contribution made by China to the international fight against poverty, countering climate change and creating a green Belt and Path.
He wished to deepen cooperation with China in the areas of security, peace and sustainable development, and expected China to continue to play a leading role in the fight against climate change and other areas.
Wang Yi, in turn, noted that multipolarity is an inevitable trend, and each country has the right to development.
The realization of multipolarity is impossible without multilateralism, the symbols of which are the main goals and principles established in the UN Charter.
According to the minister, China advocates a more active role for the UN, supports the work of the Secretary General of the world organization and strictly adheres to the main ideas and principles of the UN Charter.
Next year will mark the 75th anniversary of the founding of the UN, and the Chinese side intends to use this opportunity to strengthen cooperation with the world organization in order to jointly create a wonderful future for the whole world.
Philippine President Duterte will come to Russia for five days
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will arrive in Russia in October, TASS reports citing a representative of the Philippine Ministry of Foreign Affairs Amelita Aquino.
It is clarified that Duterte will arrive in the Russian Federation on October 1.
His visit to Russia will last until October 5.
Aquino said that the President of the Philippines is traveling to the Russian Federation at the invitation of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
Duterte will participate in a meeting of the Valdai Club in Sochi.
The Filipino leader will also visit Moscow.
In the capital, Duterte will take part in a Russian-Filipino business forum and give a lecture at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO).
According to Aquino, the main event of the trip will be the meeting of the two presidents.
It is planned that the leaders will discuss the state of bilateral relations and how countries can further expand cooperation in various areas.
It is noted that the meeting of the Filipino leader with the Russian will be the fourth in a row.
For the first time, the presidents met in 2016 at the APEC summit in Peru.
In May 2017, the head of the Philippines came to Russia on a visit, and another meeting of leaders took place in November 2017 on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Vietnam.
Earlier it was reported that Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte allowed citizens to shoot bribe officials.
Elon Musk responded in Russian to an "unusual invitation" to come to Krasnodar for a business forum
The founder of Tesla and SpaceX, Elon Musk, responded to an invitation from the organizers of the Krasnodar business forum to attend the event.
The billionaire wrote a comment under one of the posted photos with an "invitation billboard" at the office of his company.
Earlier, one of the organizers of the Case for Small forum posted a billboard in the California city of Hawthorne with the inscription "Kak tebe takoe?," And on the other hand, posted the site welcomeelon.com.
There is also a special QR code that will help you go to the forum website and get acquainted with all the information.
"The language is well suspended," the inventor wrote in Russian in response to the invitation, reports teleprogramma.pro.
It is not yet known exactly what Musk meant by his answer, but many Russians, including the speakers of the forum, hope for a billionaire speech.
Meanwhile, the Evening Urgant program has already presented in which outfit a billionaire could appear in Krasnodar.
The businessman was dressed up in a Cossack outfit and suggested that Musk would present in the Kuban: an electric car, an electric wagon and an electric saddle for a horse.
The famous land art artist created a portrait of Greta Thunberg
Sooner or later this was to happen.
The image of Greta Thunberg was immortalized by a tractor on the field.
The portrait of the activist was created by the famous land art artist Dario Gambarin.
A 16-year-old schoolgirl from Sweden, suffering from Asperger syndrome, became famous after speaking at the UN assembly.
The activist accused all adults of stealing childhood and dreams from the younger generation, polluting the planet and depriving the future under the pretext of economic development.
Greta is nominated for an alternative Nobel Peace Prize, she can become her youngest owner, and the media call the schoolgirl the most influential teenager in the world.
US Congress agrees to sell fighter jets to Poland F-35
Warsaw also plans to receive F-135 engines and related equipment
The United States Congress approved the sale of 32 fifth-generation fighter bombers to F-35 Polish side.
This was announced by the Minister of National Defense of the Republic Mariusz Blaszczak.
According to his data, Warsaw will receive not only aircraft, but also 33 turbojet twin-circuit engines F-135 the development of Pratt & Whitney, as well as their associated equipment.
The starting value of the contract is $6.5 billion.
"This is one of the last steps before the conclusion of the treaty, but this is not the end of our work.
We will do everything possible to get the best price possible, "Blaschak wrote on his Twitter page.
The site kp.ru wrote that American F-35 will have to replace the Soviet-made MiG-29 and Su-22 in service with Poland.
The bilateral deal is expected to increase the security of the republic.
Russian Defense Ministry published a video of the launch of the Onyx supersonic missile in Chukotka
The Bastion coastal complex of the Pacific Fleet first launched the Onyx supersonic cruise missile.
The launch video was published by the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation on Twitter.
According to the Zvezda TV channel, the flight of the rocket went as usual.
The rocket successfully hit a target, which was located in the waters of the Chukchi Sea at a distance of more than 200 km.
The safety of the maneuvers was provided by about 10 warships, as well as naval aircraft.
Equipment and military personnel were taken to the site of the exercises on a landing ship.
Firing at a sea target, located at a distance of more than 200 kilometers, performed the calculation
Rospotrebnadzor categorically opposed the return of smokers to airports
Rospotrebnadzor strongly opposes the return of smokers to airports.
"Neither ventilation nor filters, even combined, can reduce exposure to tobacco smoke to levels that are considered permissible," the report says.
Izvestia reported on Friday that the Ministry of Health had developed amendments to the second reading of the bill, according to which it is proposed to equip two curls for the airport.
The expert told why it is worth giving up tea in bags
A group of scientists from Canada, representing McGill University, found that when a bag of tea is brewed, more than ten billion particles of microplastic get into a cup in five minutes.
Sawdust particles can also be added to the packaged drink, food safety expert Elizaveta Tikhonova told Nation News.
According to the agronomist, the consumer cannot get reliable information about the composition of packaged tea - the manufacturer can add ingredients there that will not be indicated on the package.
Sawdust at the end of the season is not thrown away, so they may end up in tea.
"Moreover, tea plants are not always included in the bags," Tikhonova said.
According to her, it is better to abandon the use of such a drink in favor of tea for weighing, which is sold in specialized stores.
In addition, she emphasized that the danger of packaged tea lies not only in the composition, but also in the method of its production - microparticles are heated to high temperatures, because of which they can begin to release harmful substances.
"It is best to purchase clean green or black tea - in such a drink there will be the least additives," the expert said.
Arctic development problems will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk
Problems of Arctic development will be discussed at an international conference in Norilsk.
The forum was organized by the Norilsk Development Agency and the Taimyr Research Club, according to the Krasnoyarsk State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company.
The reports were brought by scientists from Russian cities - Moscow, St. Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Salekhard, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk, Dudinka.
Foreign guests came from Holland and Canada.
One of the central themes of the forum is how to develop the urban environment in the Arctic and at the same time not harm nature.
Guests of the forum will also be able to visit interactive venues at the Norilsk State Industrial Institute.
And in the cinema "Homeland" are waiting for movie lovers - here will be screenings of popular science films about the Arctic region.
At creative meetings, travelers and scientists will talk about their experience of acquaintance with the Arctic.
The forum will last three days.
Northern walking festival will be held in Ulyanovsk
Residents of the Ulyanovsk region will take part in the festival of northern walking.
The mass start will take place in the park "Coastal."
The festival participants will be teams from different cities and districts of the Ulyanovsk region, which won the municipal stages.
They mainly include residents of the region over 50 years old.
The project is designed to attract the older generation to active pastime, reports 1ul.ru.
The city stage of the festival was held on September 7 in six parks at once.
Participants had to overcome the distance of 3 km by northern walking.
The winner was determined by the sum of the years of the participants in the team.
The regional festival will be held on September 28.
Regions offered to share secrets of business support
As it became known to the Parliamentary newspaper, on September 27, Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy Andrei Kutepov sent a letter to Minister of Economic Development Maxim Oreshkin and Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov with a proposal to express a position on initiatives of the subjects of the Federation to improve legislation in the field of supporting small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
It is time to establish interregional ties
The Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy summarized the information received from the regions on the business development and legalization programs of the self-employed, as well as on the results of such programs.
In their letters, the regions told senators about the problems of SME development and sent proposals to improve the current legislation.
"Today, communication between the regions is not well established, as a result of which the entrepreneurial community in all regions visited by senators identified the lack of information about regional programs for the development of entrepreneurship in the whole country," said Andrei Kutepov.
In the annex to the letter sent to the Government, he presented a set of positive achievements of regions on the legalization of self-employment and consolidated data from regions with proposals and issues (available to the editors).
In addition to relevant ministries, consolidated data from the regions were also sent to the heads of regional executive bodies.
The exchange of information on positive achievements in the regions could give an impetus to the development of entrepreneurship as a whole.
The first step towards such an exchange will be to send the information available to the Committee on Economic Policy, "the senator told the Parliamentary newspaper.
Useful experience
Today, many regions of the country have adopted and successfully operate support programs for small and medium-sized businesses.
For example, in the Vologda Oblast there is an Entrepreneurship Support Center, which, in addition to financial support measures, assists businessmen in conducting certification of finished products.
In the Ivanovo region, a business support system has been developed, providing for the implementation of the principle of one window through multifunctional centers.
In the Krasnodar Territory, novice agricultural consumer cooperatives are provided with grants at the expense of the regional budget.
In the Oryol region there is a cluster development center.
The Amur Region, within the framework of the federal project "Acceleration of Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises," provides for the possibility of subsidizing business incubators created on the basis of existing non-state coworking centers at the expense of the federal budget.
And in a number of other regions, special support measures are being taken for youth entrepreneurship.
Self-employed continue to be brought out of the shadows
According to regional authorities, in order to more effectively support small and medium-sized businesses, a number of changes should be made to the current legislation.
For example, the Arkhangelsk region proposed replacing the tent "self-employment" with "entrepreneurial activity," since this "most corresponds to the content of the state service to promote the self-employment of unemployed citizens."
In the Ivanovo region, it is considered necessary to amend the list of activities provided by self-employed citizens, including activities for the decoration and repair of residential premises, country buildings, and physical training classes.
The Bryansk region considers it important to strengthen control over unscrupulous dairy producers using the Mercury veterinary system.
And in the Kostroma and Magadan regions, they are advocating the consolidation in the regulatory field of the concept of "social entrepreneurship" and the areas of support for social entrepreneurship.
All proposals from the regions will be taken into account when preparing state programs to support small and medium-sized enterprises, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills.
"All proposals from the regions will be taken into account when preparing state programs to support small and medium-sized enterprises, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills," Andrei Kutepov assured.
The airline helped passengers avoid the neighborhood with crying children
Japan Airlines (JAL) launched a new feature: when booking seats on the plane, you can now find out where young children will be sitting.
Now, if desired, neighborhood with them can be avoided.
Passengers of the Japanese airline Japan Airlines (JAL) got the opportunity to use the new option and avoid undesirable neighborhood with young children.
The air carrier launched a function that allows you to track which places the children will sit in.
When choosing seats in the cabin during the booking of tickets, passengers will be able to see an image of the child's head in places occupied by children aged eight days to two years.
Thus, those who do not want to fly next to the babies due to possible inconveniences associated with their crying can be located as far away from them as possible.
Internet users who use the services of the airline were delighted with the innovation.
Some thanked the carrier, noting that other airlines should do the same.
One of the users complained that a few weeks ago he made a flight from New York to Doha, and three crying children were sitting next to him at once.
Another commentator proposed introducing "flights only for adults," expressing his readiness to pay extra for such a flight.
Many tourists noted that now they will always try to choose Japan Airlines for their movements, because they do not see anything pleasant in flying next to a crying child in a closed space.
Earlier, a woman traveling with a baby tried to apprehend fellow travelers during a flight from Seoul to San Francisco.
She prepared a bag of sweets for each of the 200 passengers, each of which had an apology note.
Did Oleg Tabakov's train appear in the metro?
If you constantly use the Kaluga-Riga line (and most residents of Konkov do this), then a surprise awaits you.
A new thematic train "Great Russian artist Oleg Tabakov" was launched in the subway.
Every day this nominal train transports 10 thousand people.
He runs just along the orange line and talks about the director, actor and founder of the Snuffbox Theater.
By the way, it is convenient to go from Konkov to performances that play on the new stage of the theater (it is located on Malaya Sukharevskaya Square, next to the Sukharevskaya metro station).
As explained to us in the press service of the Moscow Metro, "the external design of the thematic train used images of fragments of stained glass windows of the new scene and placed portraits of Oleg Tabakov in iconic images created by him in theater, cinema and animation."
The train tells about his family, the play "Sailor Silence," from which the big life of the theater began, about the "Snuffbox" itself, about directorial work.
On the walls of the cars you can see rare archival pictures and footage from films.
Russian gays with adopted children requested asylum in the United States
A same-sex couple of Russians with two adopted children requested asylum in the United States, RIA Novosti reports.
Reportedly, the men left the Russian Federation for Ukraine, after which they went to the States, where they applied for asylum.
According to the Stimulus group, the basis for such actions of the family was "ongoing interest from law enforcement agencies."
Reportedly, men do not plan to return to Russia.
Since the beginning of the school year, children have been studying at an American school and adapting to new conditions.
Recall that earlier it was reported that a case was initiated against employees of the social protection department of the population of the Maryino district due to the adoption of two young boys by a same-sex family.
At the same time, the HRC stated that the upbringing of children by a same-sex couple should not in itself become an occasion for initiating a case.
The press center of the Izvestia MIC will host a press conference of the Moscow Art Theater project "SEASON OF POEMS Third Stage. Poetry"
On October 3, at 11:00, the press center of the Izvestia MIC will host an announcing press conference: Start of the project "SEASON OF POEMS: Third Stage. Poetry "at the Moscow Art Theater named after M. Gorky.
Eduard Boyakov, artistic director of the Moscow Art Theater named after M. Gorky, director of the project.
Ivan Kupreyanov, poet, producer of the project.
Dmitry Vodennikov, poet.
Irina Lindt, theater and film actress.
Alexey Shmelev, poet.
In the new season, the Third Stage of the Moscow Art Theater named after M. Gorky will become the territory of total poetry.
As part of an extensive program, performances will be shown, based on poems by the main poets of our time.
The project team will create a unique poetic world for viewers from poems, music and multimedia images.
The artistic director of the Moscow Art Theater Eduard Boyakov and the curator of the project, poet and producer Ivan Kupreyanov will present the first and only theatrical anthology of modern elegant literature for today - the project "SEASON OF POEMS: The Third Stage. Poetry".
The season opens on October 5 at 19:00 on the Third stage of the Moscow Art Theater named after M. Gorky with a performance by a legend poet, each performance of which becomes a significant event for connoisseurs of elegant literature, Dmitry Vodennikov.
Performances will be held in October and November.
Each performance is its own author, curator and actor.
The performances will be attended by artists of the Moscow Art Theater and guest stars: Irina Lindt, Agnia Kuznetsova, Olga Kabo, Alisa Grebenshchikova.
The musical concept of the project is Sergey Letov.
Curators in the performances will be: Pavel Kryuchkov, Maria Golovanivskaya, Eduard Boyakov, Ivan Kupreyanov and others.
The project is implemented with the support of the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation.
Pavel Ustinov joined the pickets in support of the defendants in the "Moscow case"
Actor Pavel Ustinov joined the series of single pickets "Freedom to All," which take place on Friday at the presidential administration building on Staraya Square in Moscow, the Interfax correspondent reports.
A series of pickets began on September 18 in support of Ustinov himself and has since continued every day.
Currently, the protesters, replacing each other, stand holding a poster with the inscription "Freedom to All" and the names of the convicts and arrested after uncoordinated rallies in Moscow in the summer of 2019.
In addition to Ustinov, the names of Yegor Zhukov, Kirill Zhukov, Danil Beglets, Evgeny Kovalenko, Konstantin Kotov, Ivan Podkopaev, Aydar Gubaidulin, Alexei Minyailo, Sergey Fomin, Samariddin Radzhabov, Nikita Chirtsova, Eduk, Edu.
On September 16, the Tver court of Moscow sentenced 24-year-old Ustinov to 3.5 years in a penal colony on charges of using violence against a riot police soldier of the Russian Guard at an uncoordinated rally on August 3 in the center of Moscow (part 2. Art. 318 of the Criminal Code).
After that, on September 20, at the request of the Prosecutor General's Office, the court changed Ustinov's preventive measure from detention to a recognizance not to leave.
So, the petition for the release of Ustinov gained more than 112 thousand signatures per day.
Theater and film artists began a flash mob in support of a colleague.
To participate in a single picket in solidarity with the actor on September 18, a line lined up on Staraya Square.
The review of the case was demanded by human rights activists, journalists, scientists, teachers, doctors, Orthodox priests.
As Ustinova's sister Julia told Interfax, at a rally on September 29 in the capital in support of the defendants in the "Moscow case," her brother does not plan to speak.
Deliveries of "sanctions" to Russia fell 100 times
The Russian government estimated that the supply of agricultural products and food to Russia from countries that fell under the Russian food embargo has decreased by more than 100 times since 2013.
According to a report sent to Russian President Vladimir Putin, in the first half of 2019, 31 thousand tons of products were imported from the sanctions countries against 3 million 442.2 thousand tons for the same period in 2013, Interfax reports.
At the same time, the cost of imported products decreased to $226.5 million from $4 billion 975.5 million, respectively.
We are talking about the supply of goods that did not fall under the embargo.
As indicated in the report, the dropped volumes of prohibited products were compensated by increasing imports from CIS countries, Africa, Southeast Asia, Serbia.
Recall that at the end of August, the government extended until December 31, 2020 the validity of the rules for the destruction of agricultural products, raw materials and food, which are prohibited for import into Russia under counter-sanctions.
The document posted on the official portal of legal information noted that the validity of the rules was extended for another year - from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020.
Initially, the decree on the destruction of the sanction extended to products from the USA, EU, Australia, Norway and Canada.
Later, from August 13, 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland, Liechtenstein "joined" this list, from January 1, 2016 - Ukraine.
A decree signed by Putin on the destruction of "sanctions" illegally imported into the country (products that fell under the food embargo, which Moscow imposed in response to Western anti-Russian sanctions) entered into force in 2015.
In turn, the government allowed the destruction of "sanctions" food in any legal way.
As Western sanctions persist, the Russian Federation also extended its retaliatory measures.
At the same time, this measure does not apply to products that citizens import for personal use.
The ban does not apply to the import of goods for personal consumption weighing up to 5 kilograms.
However, the head of the Presidential Council for the Development of Civil Society and Human Rights, Mikhail Fedotov, previously called the destruction of food products "simply immoral," and this, according to him, negatively affects the education of people.
Moreover, Rospotrebnadzor took the initiative to ban the destruction of food suitable for consumption in early June.
After that, the Presidential Human Rights Council made a similar recommendation to the government.
And Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexei Gordeev said that destroying food is wrong, and you need to think about how you can use it for your purpose, assessing the quality.
Head of the company found guilty of tax evasion
By the verdict of the Leninsky District Court of the city of Cheboksary, the director of Land and Law LLC Vyacheslav Morozov was found guilty of committing crimes under paragraph "b" of part 2 of Art. 199 of the Criminal Code (tax evasion from the organization by including knowingly false information in the tax declaration, committed on an especially large scale) and part 2 of Art. 327 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (forgery of an official document granting rights and exempting from obligations for the purpose of its use, committed in order to hide another crime and facilitate its commission).
This was reported by the press service of the Investigative Department of the TFR in Chuvashia.
From January 2008 to December 2009, Vyacheslav Morozov entered information about imperfect transactions in tax records of LLC.
According to fictitious documents, the company incurred additional costs, and, therefore, the amount of value added taxes payable and the organization's profit of 11.2 million rubles were reduced.
Vyacheslav Morozov was sentenced to 3.5 years probation.
By 2023, the first school of a new format will open in the center of the capital
A new school will be opened in Khamovniki.
According to the head of Moskomstroyinvest Anastasia Pyatova, they will create all the conditions for the self-realization and development of children's talents.
They decided to call the educational institution "New Look."
This project will be supervised by the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Foundation for the Economic Development of Higher Education.
The design of the building with an area of ​ ​ about 10 thousand "squares" is planned to begin next year.
They will finish construction at the end of 2022, and in the next they will begin to recruit the first students.
"The project provides for the creation of a publicly accessible, non-profit educational space, which will be based on the traditions of the classical Moscow school and experimental methods," the press service of Moskomstroyinvest noted.
In Chile, began to build a telescope worth 1 billion euros
This was reported by TASS with reference to the press service of the European Southern Observatory (ESO).
According to ESO, this week the construction of the dome of the building, where the E-ELT telescope (European Extremely Large Telescope - "European Ultra-Large Telescope") will be located, is still the most expensive and ambitious ground-based astronomical project.
Its total value, according to ESO estimates, will exceed a billion euros.
Most of this money will be spent on the manufacture of equipment and the construction of the observatory building.
The most expensive and complex component of the telescope is its record large mirror, whose diameter will be about 39 meters.
It will be assembled from 798 hexagonal segments measuring 1.4 meters.
This huge mirror, as well as two auxiliary reflecting surfaces with a diameter of 4.2 and 3.75 meters, will help E-ELT get the first detailed photographs of planets outside the solar system, stars in other galaxies, as well as search for Earth's doubles.
In addition, scientists will try to use this observatory to observe the surroundings of Sgr A *, a supermassive black hole in the center of the Milky Way.
Despite the fact that the construction of the dome has only just begun, scientists, engineers and other specialists have been developing mirrors, scientific instruments and other components of the observatory for three years - since the first plans for the construction of the E-ELT were announced.
The contract for the production of the main mirror, whose total value was about 400 million euros, was received by the German company SCHOTT and the French company Safran Reosc.
