Three people died in the CAR in the wreck of the UN helicopter
Three people died and another injured in the crash of the Senegal Armed Forces helicopter, which performed an operation led by the UN peacekeeping mission in the city of Boir in the west of the CAR.
This is reported by DakarActu portal with reference to the Senegalese army.
The head of mission Mankeur Ndiaye confirmed the information about the plane crash, noting that the helicopter crash occurred at the time of landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter returned after an operation against armed groups.
The Senegalese army reported that it is in contact with the UN on the issue of evacuation of victims and the bodies of the victims.
The coordinator of Navalny Archangel headquarters sentenced to public works
In the October district court of Arkhangelsk announced a sentence to the coordinator of the regional headquarters Alexei Navalny Andrey Borovikov.
For repeated violation of the rules of holding rallies (art. 212.1 The Criminal Code of the Russian Federation, the so-called Dadinsk article) the court appointed him 400 hours of obligatory work, the correspondent "Ye" from the courtroom.
The case was initiated in April of this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a garbage range in the Arkhangelsk region.
First in the century. 212.1 the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation in 2015, activist Ildar Dadin was sentenced to three years in prison.
On the eve of the sentence, September 26, the debate of the parties took place in court.
The prosecution insisted on forced labor for a period of three years.
I have been elected to the measure of restricting freedom, which is that I cannot attend publicly mass events and cannot communicate with the organizers of the protest action on April 7
" All this time I was wearing an electronic bracelet and base.
So tracked my location.
I will note that I was not limited in movements.
Recently, I flew from Moscow, where he was trained ", Andrey Borovikov told.
After the sentence was announced, the coordinator of the regional headquarters of Navalny said that the sentence will be served in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26, a deputy from the faction of the Communist Party Sergey Shargunov introduced a bill to the State Duma that softening the century. 212.1 Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
Representatives of the Communist Party, LDPR and SSR reported "I" about the intention to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: " Everyone in " Ruby " needs to think about the reasons for unsuccessful matches ".
The midfielder of "Rubina" Pavel Mogilevets told about the reasons for the team's bad game.
Kazans in the Russian championship have suffered four defeats in a row, and also flew out of the Cup.
We tune in for every game, - quote "Izvestia" Mogilevets.
That's why each of us needs to think about the reasons for such unfortunate matches.
There are still meetings ahead - we need to prepare for them and fix the situation.
How?
If we knew, we probably would have corrected by now.
But first of all, I think we need to add in such a component as single combats.
In my opinion, we have a problem with this.
The Kremlin supports the ban of smoking on the balconies of residential houses
The Kremlin supports any measures that will help save people's lives, President Dmitry Peskov said, commenting on the ban of smoking on balconies and lodges of apartments.
Previously, the Cabinet approved changes to the Fire Regimen Rules, according to which it is prohibited to use open fire on balconies and residential buildings.
Later, the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia reported that it is, including the ban of smoking on balconies and lodges of apartments and hotels.
Changes will come into effect from October 1, 2019
Administrative liability is provided for violation.
The Kremlin is positively about any decisions that help save human lives.
" We know how many fires arise, many of them have very tragic consequences and public resonance.
Therefore, any life saved justifies such decisions ", Peskov said.
First of all, the spokesperson evaluates this as a fire measure, not a way to protect neighbors from tobacco smoke.
Peskov also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome smoking and is a supporter of a healthy lifestyle.
Gattuso is looking for a job in one of the Russian clubs
Italian football coach Jennaro Gattuso arrived in Russia to find a new club.
According to the "Championship", a 41-year-old specialist flew to Moscow to explore the opportunity to find a job in some Russian club.
Gattuso's previous work was Milan, which he led from 2017 to 2018 and under his leadership ranked fifth in the Italian Series A tournament table and failed to enter the Champions League.
As a coach, he also worked in the Swiss " Swiss " Swiss ", Greek " OFI " and Italian Palermo " and " Pisa ".
Previously, it was reported that the talks of Pavel Mamaev with Dynamo are at risk of breakdown.
Ex-coach "Milana" arrived in Moscow to lead the Russian club
Former Italian national team player and ex-head coach of Milan, Jennaro Gattuso flew to Moscow to lead the Russian club.
Gattuso is the 2006 World Champion in Italy.
At the club level, he was known for Milan's performances with whom he won twice in the UEFA Champions League in 2003 and 2007
An Italian began his coaching career in Sione.
Over the last two seasons, Jennaro has led the Rossoneri.
Previously, it was reported that the football player of the capital CSKA Konstantin Kuchaev spoke out against the implementation of VAR.
The secretary of the NSDC of Ukraine resigned
Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine Alexander Danilyuk wrote a statement about resignation, the office of the President of the country reports.
This was done before the beginning of Vladimir Zelensky's working visit to the United States to participate in the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
"The president will consider him upon returning to Kiev",-said Mr. Zelensky's office.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree on the appointment of the former finance minister Alexander Danilyuk as a secretary of the NSDC at the end of May.
In this post, Mr. Danilyuk replaced Alexander Turchinov, who resigned because of the president's change.
Palkina is the ninth in qualification of the World Cup.
Russian Sofia Palkina ranked ninth place in the qualifying hammer in group A at the World Cup in Doha.
Her result is 68,53 meters.
The final will perform four athletes who overcome the border of 72 meters.
This is the Polish Joanna Fedorov (73,39 m), Ukrainian Irina Klimets (72,93), French Alexander Tavernier (72,91) and Belarusian Anna Malyshik (72,59 m).
The final will perform 12 best athletes from two groups.
Palkina's participation in the fight for medal will become known after the performance of athletes from group B.
Bolid Kvyata went out during the first practice in Sochi
Russian pilot "Toro Rosso" Daniel Kvyatu had to complete his first free practice of Russian Grand Prix 1.
The Russian bolid lost power and the racer could not make it to the boxes.
Quat parked the car in one of the security zones.
Before leaving the race, the pilot "Toro Rosso" took fifth position.
The second free practice is expected to take place today, September 27, at 15:00 Moscow time at "Sochi Autodrome".
Previously, it was reported that Kwat shared expectations of the Sochi Grand Prix.
China is firmly against the adoption of the Taipei bill
China is strongly against the adoption of the so-called "Taipei Bill", which seriously violates the principle of one China and the principles of the three Chinese-American joint communiqué.
This was announced on Friday by the official representative of the Office of the State Council of China for Taiwan Ma Xioguan.
Approval by the US Senate Committee on International Relations of this bill is also a serious violation of international law and basic principles of international relations and gross interference in China's internal affairs, Ma Xiaoguan said.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues relate to China's internal affairs.
"We call on the American side to clarify the situation, immediately stop promoting the relevant negative bills, and immediately stop interfering with Taiwan issue to avoid further damage to Chinese-American relations, as well as peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait", he said.
China must be and will be reunited.
This historic trend cannot be stopped by anyone and no forces, Ma Xiaoguang stressed.
TikTok hides bad videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40 % of which are under 18 years old
Imagine China / Reuters
Chinese social network TikTok censored videos that mention Tianmen Square, Tibet independence, or Falun Gong religious group, tells The Guardian.
The documents found in the publication, it is told that the owner of TikTok (ByteDance), with the application promotes China's foreign policy goals.
The main part of China's policy violations fall under "incitement to hate".
In every case, TikTok puts unacceptable publications in a context that fits the general rules so that social network does not look censored.
For example, the ban on criticism of China's socialist system falls under the general ban of "criticism or attacks on politics and social rules of any country, such as constitutional monarchy, parliamentary system, etc. d"..
The ban on mentioning incidents in Tianananmen or genocide in Cambodia falls under "distortion of the history of China or other countries".
The document also contains a list of prohibited names of twenty "foreign leaders or statesmen", including North Korean leaders Kim Jong-Ir, Kim Ir Sen and Kim Jong-un, Indian politician Mahatma Gandhi, American presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese premier Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Kyn Hee, Indonesia President Joko Vidodo and Indian premiere Narendra Modi, indicated in the document.
The prohibited material is divided into two categories, the document said.
Publications from the first category are deleted by social networks administrators and may result in blocking the user.
Not too strict violations apply to the second category: such publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited to TikTok algorithms.
ByteDance representatives told The Guardian that these rules are obsolete and no longer apply: "Now we are using a localized approach to moderation, and also attract independent local specialists".
Russian TikTok users have no specific restrictions on the publication, co-founder of the "Producer Center" Rustem Bogdanov tells.
"Producer Center" is one Russian media companies that officially cooperates with TikTok.
All advertising materials of the bloggers "Producer Center" harmonizes with social network representatives, but custom materials can be posted without agreement, Bogdanov says.
The question is it possible to speak about politics or Putin in TikTok, Bogdanov answers affirmatively and says he has seen such publications.
Bogdanov agrees with Bogdanov by the founder of the agency Our Digital Roman Zaripov: "The basic rules for TikTok users lists in the user agreement: you can't post shocking content that discriminate statements and so on".
But under these rules you can summarize any content that moderators do not like, Zaripov notes.
Zaripov agency is another Russian partner TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40 % of whom are under 18 years old.
According to a user agreement, only persons over 13 years old can use TikTok.
Social media administrators check their age using artificial intelligence: the neuronetwork analyzes faces and determines how many years a person looks like, Bogdanov tells.
If the neuronetwork decides that the user is younger, his account can delete, he adds.
According to RBC, September 2019 ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of WeWork coworking.
Istanbul residents told about the earthquake in the city
A strong earthquake caused panic in Turkey's largest city
Last Thursday, September 26, Istanbul magnitude earthquake took place in Istanbul.
34 people were injured, ten of them are still in hospitals.
A resident of Istanbul Melika admitted that she had a panic attack for the first time in her life.
" I cried so much.
I was crying right in the workplace.
Later it got easier, I'm back to business.
But I'm so ashamed now!", the girl told the TV channel " 360 ".
" In Istanbul there was a real strong earthquake
Can't go back so far!
But in general, I'm fine " - shared my impressions political scientist Jaylan Ozgul.
Project manager Celine noted that the mayor of the city keeps all residents updated, but according to her, the citizens still feel small magnitude about 3,2 or 3,5.
She also drew attention to the problem with connection right after the earthquake.
Gevushka said she couldn't reach her mother, but the Internet worked "great" and she could send a WhatsApp message.
As the website kp.ru wrote, after the earthquake, all kindergartens and schools were closed, where all students were evacuated.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of powerful underground push was recorded 68 kilometers west of Istanbul, in the Marble Sea.
Matthews met with Toronto leadership.
Toronto attacker Auston Matthews held a meeting with the club leadership.
She discussed the case on which Matthews is accused of hooligan actions.
Everything went well, - the words of the TSN player.
Of course I made a mistake.
And I take full responsibility for the actions done.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And me and the club discussed how to act in this situation.
I think nothing has been spoiled in our relationship.
Rozdravnadzor reported on the results of the test on the child's hand amputation
The child in the Rostov region was amputated by a hand because of the doctors error, reports "Look" with a link to the site of the territorial body of Rozdravnadzor.
A 11-year-old boy broke his arm, after which in the hospital of Zernograd district he was put a cast.
After a while, the child developed gangrene, amputation was made.
As a result of the inspection, it revealed that violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis, as well as the standard and amount of assistance provided.
The verification materials are transmitted to the SU of Russia in the region.
Previously, URA. RU reported that the head doctor of the hospital of Yuzhnouralsk was arrested.
Russians warned about fake calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from scammers who replace the bank's phone number has increased.
This is reported by "Kommersant" with reference to the data of the Central Bank.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator transmitted information about more than 2,5 thousand numbers from which the customers of various financial organizations were called.
In 189 cases, operators found a number change.
Another 218 numbers were blocked, and in 59 cases, a limit on the use of financial services.
Artem Sychev, Deputy Head of the Department of Information Security of the Central Bank, said that a wide range of Russian banks faced with the number of the number.
He explained that operators do not always respond to Central Bank's warnings about fraudulent calls, referring to the absence of such obligation in the Law "On Communications".
In the bank "Opening", Rosbank and Alfa-Bank confirmed information about the increase in the number of fraudulent calls with number of number.
According to the press service of "Bilyna", some of the information about fraudulent calls transmitted to the Central Bank, was incorrect: numbers that are actually used by banks to communicate with customers.
Their blocking would lead to failures in the organization's work.
Artem Sychev said that the Central Bank plans to create a base of numbers of scammers, which the communication operator will contact at each call to check the number.
He explained that it would require amendments to the legislation to create such a base.
Trade negotiations between the USA and China will resume October 10 in Washington
A new round of trade negotiations between the United States and China will be held in Washington on October 10, CNBC reports.
According to its sources, the Chinese delegation will be headed by the Deputy Prime Minister of the State Council of China Liu He.
We note that the last round of trade negotiations between the USA and China took place in Shanghai in late July, but the parties could not make progress.
New mutual duties of the USA and China came into force on September 1
Previously, US President Donald Trump said Washington and Beijing could reach a trade agreement sooner than expected.
The State Duma will check for violations of the law " Voice of America ", " Medusa " and " BBC "
The State Duma Commission on Investigation of Foreign Interference in Russia's internal affairs, will conduct inspections of some media for violations of Russian legislation.
This is reported by "Interfax" with reference to the head of the commission Vasily Piskarev.
In the field of view of the commission, " Medusa ", " MBH Media ", " Voice of America ", " The present time ", " Radio Freedom " and " Russian BBC "
Previously, the planned inspections of Google and Facebook services were reported.
Piskarev also said that he will ask the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to decide on further accreditation of German Deutsche Welle, which the commission found signs of justification of extremism.
In September Roskomnadzor discovered political advertising in Google, Facebook and Youtube services.
According to the agency, this happened during the Russian elections on September 8
The facts of violations were transferred to the State Duma Commission.
Google later said that the company supports responsible political advertising.
According to employees, she must comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook noted that advertisers should be responsible for compliance with the electoral legislation of Russia, not the site.
Head of Roskomnadzor Alexander Zharov accused the company of applying double standards in political advertising.
Stoltenberg discussed Ukraine's accession to NATO with Zelensky
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky discussed Ukraine's membership in the alliance in the fields of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
This was told by the general during a speech at Columbia University in New York.
Answering the question whether the relevant topic was raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg said that they really discussed the issue, and also stressed that in his answer did not call the deadline for Ukraine's accession to NATO.
According to him, any country that would like to join the North Atlantic Alliance must meet certain conditions to meet specific standards, RT writes.
Zelensky was offered an alternative to NATO course in Crimea
President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky, instead of joining NATO, it is necessary to engage in building good-neighbourly relations with Russia.
This was reported on Friday, September 27, Co-chairman of the Assembly of Slavic peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets.
" Mr. President of Ukraine does not need to repeat the mistakes of the predecessor, but it is worth listening to the advice of the [President of the United States] Donald Trump, which he listened to a sour face, and establish relations with the President of Russia ", said Chegrinets to the journalists " RIA Novosti ".
Chegrinets noted that Zelensky is a good actor for him, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will be able to remain in power only in case of a relationship with the Russian Federation.
Earlier on September 27, NATO General Jens Stoltenberg reported that he had a conversation with Zelensky on the topic of joining the country into the alliance.
According to him, Ukraine must fulfill certain conditions.
On June 5, the deputy is glad Eugeny Balitsky told that Ukraine's possible entry into the alliance does not guarantee the improvement of life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
Barcelona is blackmailing Neymar
Spanish Barcelona and its former Brazilian Neymar football player are trying to settle the financial dispute that emerged after the transition of the attacker to the French "Pari Saint-Germain".
The case almost came to court, but the Catalans offered the player to resolve the dispute without interference by Themis.
Otherwise they refuse him to return.
Neymar and his cunning father, who is also a Brazilian agent, started an interesting focus: according to Barsa agreement, which the player signed in 2016, he was supposed to receive € 40 million.
However, literally a year later, the forward ended up in "PSG" for a record 222 million euros.
However, he got 22 million from Catalans and now wants to pick up the remaining 18.
It's not enough, Brazilian lawyers insisted that the club owes him also interest for late payment.
When the capital of Catalonia became aware of Neymar's claims, Barcelona filed a counter-lawsuit.
"Blue-grenade" insists that the bonus relied on the entire contract - from 2016 to 2022
Accordingly, the club believes that the player was only a quarter of 40 million euros and demand a return of the proportional part of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer, Neymar and Barsa almost agreed on the return of the "prodigal" player in the bosom of Catalonia.
True, the deal has broken, but the hope for the forward transition remains.
And here's how sports reports. Ru with reference to insiders, club lawyers told the player's representatives that if the issue of financial claims is not resolved in pre-trial, it will exclude the possibility of returning Brazilian.
Neymar himself wants to return so much that he asked for guarantees that the Catalans would buy him back.
March Laar: EKRE members will not enter the Board of the Bank of Estonia
EKRE members were not and will not be invited to the board.
According to the Council of the Bank of Estonia, conclusions are drawn about confidence in the Estonian state.
As long as the EKRE members persists such behavior that at first they speak and then think, none of them will be invited to the bank's council.
"The Chairman of the Board of the Bank of Estonia cannot apologize for the statements of the Council members", Laar said in an interview with Delfi, the ERR broadcasting portal.
At the same time, Laar noted that EKRE is represented at the Eesti Pank Council meetings.
The current seventh board of the Bank of Estonia includes, in addition to Laara, Leyna Tynisson, Kaye Kerem, Urmas Varblana, Calev Calev Callo, Janus Tamkiwi (Reform Party), Anne Listra and Rhine Minka.
At the proposal of Laar, two members of the council - Callo and Tynisson, Laar proposed by Anna Eesmaa (Central Party) and Ivari Padar (Social Democratic Party).
At the same time, the Reforms Party wanted that instead of Janus Tamkivi, Andres Sutti would be included in the council.
But Laar responded that the goal of the Reform Party was to get two seats in the Council of the Bank of Estonia - so that in addition to Janus Tamkiwi, the Council would be included in the Council.
On Tuesday, September 24, Riigikogu rejected Laar's proposal to appoint new members of the Bank of Estonia.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs commented on a scandal in Kyrgyzstan from Malakhov show
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs commented on the situation with the outrage that caused in Kyrgyzstan another issue of Andrei Malakhov's program "Live broadcast", RIA Novosti.
Previously, the Russian diplomat was called to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan after the broadcast of the broadcast.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic believes that the host allowed incorrect statements about the situation around the citizen of Kyrgyzstan Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant of the accident in which Russian Alexander Marugov died.
Malakhov said that a citizen of Kyrgyzstan could set up an accident.
The accident occurred on July 8 in Moscow.
Marugov crashed on a motorcycle in a taxi, which was controlled by Akbarov.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is the culprit of the accident.
Malakhov himself, from whom the citizens of Kyrgyzstan demanded an apology, said that these words were just a personal opinion.
As explained in the Russian diplomacy, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan did not call Russian diplomats - there was a planned working visit, during which, among other issues, discussed the statements of the TV presenter.
"Andrey Malakhov's point of view is the opinion of the journalist, his personal view of the situation", said in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, answering that this incident will not affect the interstate relations of the Russian Federation and Kyrgyzstan.
Artemyev and Nazarychev figures won the Junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb
Russian figures Julia Artemyeva and Mikhail Nazarychev won gold in the competitions of sports couples at the Junior Grand Prix, held in Zagreb, writes TASS.
In short and arbitrary program Artemyev and Nazarychev received 179,83 points.
Another Russian couple - Diana Mukhametzyanova and Ilya Mironov, got Bronze to the Germans Annike Hoke and Robert Kunkel (156,31 points).
Russian couple Anna Shcheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took fourth place (149,67 points).
The winners of the stage in Zagreb reached the final of the junior Grand Prix.
It will be held in Turin from 5 to 8 December.
Later on September 27, the arbitrary program will be shown by young men in single skating.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28
On September 21, Russian figure Alexander Trusov set new world records in the arbitrary program and the amount of points at the tournament in Slovakia.
The judges estimated her arbitrary rental of 163,78 points, and a short program was 74,91 points.
For a 15-year-old athlete, these competitions were the first at the adult level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only production of Belarus
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only the production of Belarus.
Lukashenko visited one of the local cosmetics enterprises in Minsk today.
He said that imported cosmetics are not better than Belarusian, but the advantage of domestic products is made from local raw materials.
"You should use your own", said the Belarusian leader.
Alexander Lukashenko announced the need to promote the sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the leader of Belarus advised local sugar processors to find new markets for products.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exports to Russia and "not to suffer".
The situation with sugar exports has deteriorated due to excess of product in sales markets, - RBC reminds.
This was also about Russia, in which due to excess sugar has begun to cost 50 cents per kilogram less than in Belarus.
In Domodedovo, a truck hit a seven-year-old girl on the crossing
The driver hit the mother and the child at a pedestrian crossing to Domodedovo, the head of the press service of the Russian Interfax Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia in the Moscow region Tatyana Petrov said.
As Petrov told, the incident occurred on Friday at 08:25 on Gagarin Street.
Mother and daughter was hit by a resident of Domodedovo 1994 years of birth driving the truck "Gas".
In the accident, a seven-year-old died on the scene and the woman was hospitalized.
"A criminal case was initiated against the driver. 3th century 264 The Criminal Code of the Russian Federation ( violation of traffic rules and the operation of vehicles, which caused the death of a person )", the representative of the regional head of police said.
The sanction of this article provides for the maximum penalty in the form of imprisonment for up to 5 years.
Currently, the offender is detained, Petrov concluded.
Former head of the DPR told about his work in Russia
Former acting head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (Dmitry Trapeznikov, who led the administration of Elista, assessed the state of the city.
The official told about this in the comment of the Telegram channel "Rise".
According to him, the city is in a depressing economic state.
"It is necessary to align the economy, it is necessary to add an economic hand: of course, of course, you need to do roads and external lighting", he said, adding that among the tasks - to make a comfortable and well-built city.
Trapeznikov proposed to the position of Mayor of Elista, head of Kalmykia Batu Hasikov.
The former acting head of the DPR admitted that he has known the head of the region a long time ago.
Specifically, he visited the republic, where he worked with youth and held sports events.
"And here he turned to me, invited me to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then offered to lead the city", the official added.
Separately Trapeznikov commented on the information of the source of the RBC owned by Gregory Berezkin, who reported that his candidacy of Kalmykia was offered by the assistant of President Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication, "has been friends" with Khasikov.
" Not enough they write.
And at the level of different fictional stories.
I think it's not worth paying attention ", he added.
The Mayor of Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and passport of the DPR.
On September 26, he headed the Elista administration.
Putin and Sovbez discussed security without DRSMD
The meeting also discussed the settlement in Syria after the constitutional committee was formed
Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed with the Security Council of the Security Council after the end of medium-range missiles, including taking into account the proposal for several NATO member countries to introduce a moratorium on the placement of RSMD.
This was reported by the press secretary of the Russian leader Dmitry Peskov.
The representative of the Kremlin noted that the meeting discussed the current issues of the socio-economic development of the country, as well as further prospects for settlement in Syria after the constitutional committee was formed.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Chairman of the Federation Valentina Matvienko, Secretary of the Security Council Nikolai Patrushev, Director of the FSB Alexander Bortnikov, Head of Defense Sergey Shoigu, Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergey Naryshkin.
According to the website kp.ru, on September 25, the Russian leader sent in some countries members of the North Atlantic Alliance to introduce a moratorium on medium and less range missiles in Europe.
However, Alnance Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg called Putin's proposal unreal.
The samosval demolished the pipeline on the construction track in Crimea
The body-raised body swashed down two beams of the construction pipeline on the "Tavrida" track in Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cabin and thus saved his life.
The incident occurred in the morning of September 27 in Bakhchisarai district of the peninsula.
A man driving a heavy car remembered to put the body down, and when he remembered, it was too late to slow down.
The driver jumped out of the cabin, and the dump crashed into a ride.
The collapsed beams smashed the cabin and blocked the road, which, however, there is no movement yet.
The amount of damage done is still to be installed, it is planned from the subcontractor of the road, whose driver has arranged an accident.
Medvedev congratulated teachers on a professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated teachers and all preschool workers on their professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in the telegram published on the Government's website.
Medvedev noted that the profession of the teacher is special, requiring a great love for his business, wisdom, patience and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you with their child.
And you are doing everything to make the kindergarten become a second home for children where cozy, interesting, safe.
"Together with you, they will know the world around you, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn self-worth, the ability to communicate and be friends", said the Chairman of the Government.
According to the prime minister, thanks to the teacher, the children are forming character and abilities are revealed.
Medvedev is sure that the future of children depends on the teacher.
" That's why the development of preschool education, improving its quality, construction of modern kindergartens, material support of preschool workers are the priorities of the state social policy, on which the national project " Demography " said.
Rooms in the center of Moscow for rent at the price of an apartment on the outskirts
Despite the reduction in the number of utilities in Moscow, demand does not fall for them.
The offer is tightened by demand due to room renting apartments.
In the center of Moscow, the rent of rooms is faster than on the outskirts - mostly due to high demand.
At the same time, rooms in the center are rented at the price of apartments on the outskirts.
So, in Khamovniki, the average price for rent a room is 28 thousand rubles, the study of the portal "World of apartments".
For this money, you can remove a single one near the MKAD.
In Arbat, rooms are rented on average for 27,3 thousand rubles, although separate offers can compete with bets not only for one-bedroom, but also for two-bedroom apartments in sleeping areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are for rent in Kapotna - the average price in the area amounted to 13,6 thousand rubles.
The second place in the cheaper near the area of Biryulevo West (13,8 thousand).
For 14,1 thousand rooms in Birulev Eastern and Veshnyaky are rented.
The most expensive area behind the Moscow State University was the Solntsevo, where rooms are rented for almost 16 thousand rubles per month.
A little cheaper will cost rooms in North and South Butov and Novo-Peredelkin.
How to increase future pension and not recycle
Able to pay pension not only the pension fund of the Russian Federation, but also non-state pension funds.
NPF is private companies, says "Volgograd truth. ru".
They work as a contribution: you make contributions, the fund invests them and over time returns you money with interest.
If you are interested in this method, then first study information about the NPF on the Bank of Russia website.
All funds work according to unified rules established by federal laws.
Pension points can be bought by law.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of experience you lack for pension.
This way fits those who worked unofficially.
In addition, you can make a contribution for your relative, for example, for a housewife.
Recommendation for those who think about retirement at the beginning of their work journey.
Increased pension payments are received by public service employees, doctors, teachers, agriculture workers and people who have worked a certain number of years in the areas of the Extreme North.
In order to deny yourself with retirement age, take care of it in advance.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, delay money for deposits.
The most important thing is to constantly increase your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth energy unit of Chernobyl
The video, made in the control of the fourth power unit at the Chernobyl NPP appeared on the Internet, the first to be published on YouTube by the video agency Ruptly.
It is noted that a group of 15 mass media representatives received access to the fourth hall of the Chernobyl reactors in the presentation of the exclusion zone guide.
According to the RT Telegram channel, journalists were there in special protective suits for less than five minutes, as the ruins of the explosion of the explosion of the power unit still exude radiation, 40 thousand times exceeding the norm.
The accident at the Chernobyl NPP occurred on the night of April 26, 1986
12 regions in Ukraine and 23 % of Belarus were exposed to radiation pollution.
19 regions were affected in Russia.
Recall that in July this year, Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky signed a decree, according to which a green corridor appeared in the Chernobyl zone, open to tourists.
Also in the exclusion zone, the ban on shooting is removed.
Previously, it was reported that the exclusion zone of Chernobyl from the Belarusian side was opened for tourists.
The organizers of the excursions stressed that you can get less radiation in a day than during the plane flight.
Tarasov repeated the trick of Ibrahimovich
Former midfielder of the Moscow " Locomotiv " took part in the challenge that launched the Swedish forward of American " Los Angeles Galaxy " Zlatan Ibrahimovich.
A video with a trick Tarasov posted on his Instagram.
After that, Tarasov challenged the " railway " Havbeks " Alexei and Anton Miranchukam, rap artist T-Killah, as well as bloggers from YouTube channel 2 DROTS.
Swede posted a video of the hashtag #matrixchallenge holding the ball on his chest, turning back, and performs hands as the main character of the movie "Matrix" Neo, who in one of the scenes like that dodged the bullets flying into it.
Ibrahimovich proposed to repeat the trick of Manchester United Havbek "Manchester United" to Paugba, tennis player Novak Dzhokovich, Russian champion Habib Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Rayola, noting them under the record.
Previously, it was reported that the wife of the Ukrainian football player took part in the challenge of Ibrahimovich.
Trade turnover of Russia and Slovakia can reach $ 6 billion by the results of 2019
With the current positive trend, trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia can reach 6 billion rubles following the results of 2019, Slovak Minister of Economy Peter Zhig said.
At the meeting of the intergovernmental commission on economic and scientific and technical cooperation of the Russian Federation and Slovakia, the Minister noted the growth of trade turnover between the two countries.
According to the results of last year, it amounted to 13 percent, a $ 5,5 billion was reached.
In the first half of 2019, the states reached $ 3 billion in mutual trade turnover, Zhiga told.
According to the head of the Ministry of Trade Denis Manturov, to consolidate this positive trend, cooperative cooperation in the industrial sector should be strengthened.
It was previously known that Russian and Slovakia parliamentarians are going to hold joint events on the development of tourism between countries, as well as interaction in the field of health and education.
The TNT decided that rapper Guff is not good enough for the Bachelor show
On the network, they condemned for several days, and is rapper Guf worthy to be the new "Bachelor".
He was remembered and his many treason and hikes with escorts and even decided that the musician wants to rehabilitate for the scandalous clip "Moscow" which received a record number of dislikes from the audience.
But all the leadership of the TNT channel decided to stop all the changes together.
Goof will not be a new member of the Bachelor show.
The official statement of the press service says he was considered for this role, but eventually elected another candidate.
Who could have been better than Gufa?
Yes, basically anyone...
" Well, at least the producers were able to figure out, it's not the format for this program ", " Yes, they just didn't get the girls for him ", " Another sweet boy will be dragged on the screen again ",-the news by the users of the Network.
Magomed Ismailov: "When I hear such support of fans, I become just crazy in a cage".
Russian fighter of mixed single combats (MMA) Magomed Ismailov commented on the victory over Artem Frolov at the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy is just a gun.
He's got gun shots.
And when I looked into his eyes, I saw the desire and character.
This is a real man.
More respect for him.
Wish him good luck in the future.
He is a real man.
When I hear such fan support, I become just crazy in a cage.
It was very hard.
I tried my best.
I was talking about the show.
Did I promise the show?
Was it a show?
Thank you.
And to those who said I was suffocating in the third round...
Ismailov finished his speech with a winning gesture.
Deutsche Welle can deprive accreditation and be recognized as a foreign agent
The State Duma Commission concluded that the German TV company Deutsche Welle broke the law, reports RIA "Novosti".
Documents will be sent to the Ministry of Justice for recognition of Deutsche Welle as a foreign agent.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has been transmitted materials for deprivation of accreditation in the territory of Russia.
Early representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in the meeting of the State Duma Commission to investigate the facts of other countries in the internal affairs of Russia.
A massive failure on Facebook struck Europe.
Ukraine got it too
There was a major failure in the Facebook social network in Europe.
Let's remind you that the social network "fell" on September 23
According to the Downdetector network monitoring resource, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, as well as almost the entire UK are the biggest problems with access to social networks.
Large-scale crashes are observed at the border of Romania and Bulgaria, Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Portugal.
Facebook is also not available throughout Poland, places in Belarus and the Baltic countries.
In Ukraine, according to the compiled map of failures, Facebook is not available in the Kiev region, as well as partly in Kharkiv and Vinnytsia region.
We note that Wikipedia users also experienced problems in early September.
Which club will take the liberated by Pavel Mamaev
Football player Pavel Mamaev, released last week from the colony on the parole, will not return to the football club "Krasnodar".
Former midfielder of this club may soon sign a contract with FC Rostov ", the Championship portal reports.
According to the publication, negotiations between representatives of "Rostov" and Mamaev are now in the final stage.
Supposedly, a contract with a 31-year-old football player will be signed for two years with the possibility of extension for another season.
" Sport Express " writes that the day earlier Pavel Mamaev was supposed to be undergone a medical examination in Moscow Dynamo, but the inspection did not take place due to " uncertain situation in the club ".
Krasnodar terminated the contract with Mamaev last week on the agreement of the parties.
The midfielder played for Krasnodar club since 2014
With the team, he won twice the bronze of the Russian championship.
Previously, Mamaev advocated for Moscow Torpedo and CSKA.
From 2009 to 2016, Mamaev played for the Russian national team, having held 15 matches in it.
Together with Zenita player Alexander Kokorin Mamaev served a sentence for participating in the fight in the center of Moscow last October.
In mid-September, they were released from the colony on parole.
Zenit signed a new contract with Kokorin.
A man with a samurai sword tried to stand the cart found in a garbage pile
A resident of the American city of Auckland Park, Florida, arrested on charges of attempted murder after swung by Samurai sword at his opponent in a dispute over a cart found in the trash.
54-year-old Curtis Miller was digging in a bunch of trash near an empty house.
This was noticed by Todd Beavers.
The latter decided to join the search and found a black cart among the scraps.
Miller saw Beverse's find and got upset.
He thought he could claim a cart as he was the first to dig in the trash.
Men started arguing.
Suddenly, Beavers grabbed a cart and ran towards his house with it.
Then Miller picked up the Samurai sword he found in the same pile and began to pursue the opponent.
He caught up with Beavers near his house.
Miller grabbed the sword from the knife and began to wave it in the direction of the carriage kidnapper.
Beevers informed Miller that what is happening is being recorded on video.
Noticing the video camera, Miller escaped but threatened to return.
Bivers left the cart in the yard and walked into the house.
Shortly after, he saw that an unfamiliar woman entered his yard and took the cart, shouting insults.
Police have already wanted Miller for driving a car without license.
A man was detained, he is charged with attempted murder.
In September, it was reported that in the American city of Hardiston, NJ, a hedge fund manager attacked an unfamiliar woman and wounded her with a sword.
So he responded to the wedding guests celebrating at the same hotel where he stayed, prevented him from smoking.
Massive riots for three
"Moscow case" against the participants of the summer protest actions, the further, the more noticeable it falls into separate fragments and loses political filling.
Evidence of the fact of "mass riots" cannot stand verification, but in the absence of a political decision to put this case on the brakes, a weak evidence base would not necessarily lead to the withdrawal of charges.
The collapse of the case should encourage society, but it will surely leave the utmost annoying forces whose efforts to fill the case with figures and evidence were in vain.
On Thursday, September 26, one of the three remaining in the accused in the case under the art. 212 Criminal Code (mass disturbances) - Alexey Minylo was unexpectedly released from custody without any obligation, and a few hours later and rehabilitated: the SCR dropped charges.
Minaylo has been arrested for almost two months, several professional communities came into him: historians, priests, literators.
After that, there are only two accused of involvement in mass disturbances (originally accused were 13): Sergey Fomin, transferred to house arrest on 3 September, and Samariddin Rajabov, who the court extended his arrest until the end of December (he is also accused of the use of violence against the representative of power, art. 318 Criminal Code).
The court sentenced the author of a joke petition for Latvia's accession to the USA
The court of the Vidzema suburbs of Riga punished the author of the joke petition for Latvia's accession to the United States of America Denis Bartetsky.
It is noted that the man has been appointed 80 hours of correctional work and one year of probation.
"Common sense is not the strongest side of our system", Bartetsky court decision commented.
He also added that usually penalties are less than requested.
The collection of signatures about Latvia's accession to the United States was organized in 2016
Meanwhile, at the same time with this petition, they collected signatures about Latvia's accession to the "Galactic Empire" and the country's withdrawal from the Solar System and the Milky Way.
It is noted that a criminal case was initiated against Bartetsky under the first paragraph 82th article of the Criminal Law of the country - "Public call for undermining the territorial integrity of the Republic of Latvia".
Before that in 2016, the author of the Internet petition for Latvia's accession to Russia received six months in prison.
In Khabarovsk made an emergency landing Japanese airliner
Boeing, flying from Austria to Japan, made an emergency landing at Khabarovsk airport, TASS reports.
There were 206 people on board the airliner owned by ANA, including 12 crew members.
It is noted that there are no victims.
Another board flew out of people from Tokyo.
As the representative of the Khabarovsk airport told the agency, the cause of the oil pressure fell in one of the aircraft engines.
Previously, it was reported that a plane flying from Zhukovsky's Moscow airport to Kyrgyzstan, had made an emergency landing at Samara airport due to a sick child aboard.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia proposes to punish for insulting police officers on the Internet
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia has prepared amendments to the law "On Police" to protect the guardians of order from the dissemination of slander and their honor of information on the Internet.
On Friday, the federal portal of regulatory legal acts appeared an application for public discussion of the bill, the draft document itself has not been published yet.
The explanatory note to the document notes that it is being developed in connection with the need to protect the honor and dignity of a police officer from "dissemination in information and communication networks, including the Internet",
How exactly is supposed to protect police from slander on the network is not specified.
At the same time, the explanation of the document, it is noted that the amendments will be applied "by the individualization of the mechanism" already provided by the law on blocking posts that offending authorities and the law on penalties for such posts.
Both laws came into force in March this year.
The final text of the bill will be published after public discussions and independent anti-corruption examination.
According to the explanatory note, the amendments to the Police Act should enter into force in January 2020
On March 18, President Vladimir Putin signed a law on punishment for "clear disrespect for the state" on the Internet.
According to this document, Roskomnadzor warns the resource about the violation and gives it a day to eliminate it.
For the first violation of the ban, a fine of 30 to 300 thousand rubles, and for a repeat violation - administrative arrest for up to 15 days.
On April 12, Roskomnadzor first applied this norm to the media, blocking the Yaroslavl edition 76.ru.
Shortly after, the Chudovsky district court of the Novgorod region fined a local resident on 30 thousand rubles for posting on the network "two records with indecent form, which offends human dignity and public morality and expresses obvious disrespect to society, the state, bodies exercising state power in the Russian Federation".
The deadline for mortgage rates has been named
Rates on housing loans in Russia will decrease until the end of 2019
This was announced by the General Director of the credit organization " House. Russian Federation " Alexander Plutnik, says " Interfax ".
According to Plutnik at the Collegium under the Ministry of Russia, most banks will hold another cycle of mortgage rates in the remaining months of the year, and the average will reach 8,9 percent - the level provided by the national project "Housing and urban environment".
According to the project's passport, the average mortgage rate should be 8,9 percent in 2021, 8,5 percent, 7,9 percent, by 2024 percent.
The program provides for "providing affordable housing for medium-income families, including creating opportunities for acquisition ( building housing using a mortgage loan that should be less than 8 percent )".
Earlier in September it became known that one of the largest players in the Russian mortgage market - Sberbank - plans to hold another decrease in housing loans by the end of 2019
Will phytoestrogen and phytoandrogenes help to extend youth?
The topic of phytoandrogenes is weak.
Of the most famous - pine pollen.
But phytoestrogenes are well investigated and have a positive impact on the body.
They reduce the risks of certain age-related diseases (among them cardiovascular, some types of cancer).
Famous sources of phytoestrogen - all legumes (the most popular - soy), hops, linen seeds.
However, many specialists believe that such BADA cannot perform a full replacement for natural hormones.
The possible harm from such supplements cannot be excluded.
For example, against the background of their reception, the development of their own hormones may be reduced due to the fact that there are too many analogues from outside.
Veretennikov urged to revive Kazakhstan "Zhenis".
Former Rotor and Russian national team Oleg Veretennikov joined the action on the revival of Kazakhstan "Zhenis".
The club from Astana, which was called " Dynamo ", " Celinnik ", " Astana " and " Zhenis " was disbanded in 2014
Veretennikov protected his colors in 2004 and 2008
" I learned about the action on the revival of the football club " Zhenis " organized by his fans.
And couldn't stay away!
I spent a season and a half in this club.
These weren't the best times in terms of results and funding, but I will never forget this club and its dedicated fans who were always together with the team!
Will forever remain in memory and the Munaytpasov stadium where I scored my 200th ball in my career!
"Marriage" must be reborn!
He has a huge story and great fans.
I wish them all the best and believe that the city authorities will return their native club!" Veretennikov wrote on Instagram.
Bastion complex launched a rocket "Onyx" on Chukotka
The Ministry of Defense launched a winged missile for the first time from the Bastion complex on Chukotka.
"Onyx" started 350 kilometers away from the target, and 200 of them flew over land, which is a record for this type of missiles.
The safety of the shooting was provided by about 10 fighting ships and ships of the Pacific Navy, as well as the aircraft of the Navy, the Department of Information and Mass Communications of the Russian Federation reported.
Previously, "Bastion" complexes were never used on Chukotka.
The hydrometcenter named the true folk signs
In Russia there are many people's accept that people are trying to predict the weather.
Unfortunately, not all of them work.
In the Hydrometcenter, all the signs that are allegedly working.
Meteorologists have concluded that only two of them can really trust, however, in the short-term time.
As the scientific head of the Russian Hydrometro Center Roman Wilfand told, if the sun is red during the sunset, the next day will be a good, as our ancestors noted.
And if the heavenly light is white, then the next day it will rain.
The second working sign is based on bird observation.
More often talk about swallows, if they fly low, it's usually for rain.
It's simple to explain - when the humidity is great, the moscars get wet with wings and feathered are forced to decrease to hunt insects, TASS writes.
There are their own folk signs on different continents.
Ground Day is a traditional folk holiday in the USA and Canada, celebrated annually on February 2
It is believed that on this day, you need to watch the ground climb out of your hole to determine the time of spring.
Unidentified oil spots were discovered on the beaches of northeast Brazil
Oil spots of unknown origin were found on 99 beaches of northeast Brazil.
Pollution hearth turned out to be scattered by two thousand kilometers of the coastline.
Reports of the first discovered oil spots began to be received on September
However, every day until Thursday, their number, like territorial coverage, continued to increase.
Brazilian Environmental Institute conducted a chemical analysis of identified samples.
Turns out that they are all identical and it's about crude oil.
Petrobras State Oil Corporation, which was transferred to analyzed samples, said that they do not match oil produced from fields in Brazil.
" This is thick oil.
She may be dropped from one of the ships after cleaning the tanks.
Many people continue to do this.
And most likely she got into the ocean ",-told the Brazilian news portal G1 the coordinator of the trade union of Pernambuku and Paraiba Rogerio Almeida.
He also added that despite the ban of this practice, many ships continue to dispose waste on the high seas.
On the beaches of four of the eight affected states of the north-east of the country, environmental defenders found nine sea turtles fully covered with oil film.
And only two of them managed to save.
In the coming days, the Brazilian Environmental Institute, together with Petrobras, will start cleaning up contaminated beaches.
In the meantime, the specialists of the institute recommend tourists and locals to bypass the oil spots and notify all the contamination detected.
Medvedev instructed to review the standards of work of the public enterprises
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev instructed Rospotrebnadzor, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Economy and the Ministry of Trade, together with the business Ombudsman and the entrepreneurship community to review the sanitary and epidemiological rules and regulations for the organizations of the community.
They will also have to study the issue of transition to use in the nutrition requirements established by the Eurasian Economic Union technicials.
The agency's proposals should be submitted to the government no later than October 15, the list of Mr. Medvedev's instructions according to the results of the program " Dialogue " on the TV channel " Russia 24 ".
In addition, Mr. Medvedev instructed all the mentioned agencies, in addition to the Ministry of Justice, to provide proposals for conducting an experiment on limiting control measures for the organizations of public organizations in several regions, including Moscow, Tatarstan and Kaliningrad region.
The Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Economy, by November 11, are instructed to introduce a bill amended by the COAP on the application of administrative suspension of activities for violation of food requirements, which caused damage to health.
In addition, the Ministry of Labor, the Ministry of Economy, Rospotrebnadzor and the Ministry of Finance need to develop a gradual transition from 2021 to the consumer basket based on the basic set of products that allows to create a full diet of healthy food.
Let's remind you that the obsolete standards of requirements of the business community spoke after one cafe from the AnderSon network was closed.
The business community demanded the cancellation of the existing SanPINS, Rospotrebnadzor announced the joint development of new ones.
33 departments have been listed.
Meanwhile, Rospotrebnadzor intends to reduce the number of sanitary standards and regulations by 2021
Currently, operatives have information on three thefts involved in the detainee.
A man in the Skuratovsky district of Tula.
He kidnapped battery and auto magnets from cars.
Out of two cars - VAZ-2106 and VAZ-2107-the kidnapper picked up the battery, presumably, for further sale.
"And from one car VAZ-2107 for the same purpose, the attacker took the automagnetic and subwoofer", the Ministry of Internal Affairs reported in the Tula region.
A stolen attacker probably intended to resell.
Currently, a 26-year-old unemployed has been detained.
Russians have nothing to retire - V. Matvienko
Speaker of the Federation Council Valentina Matvienko believes that Russians do not have enough savings to make a bill on guaranteed pension product in the country.
The practice of increasing pension due to personal accumulations in the world is quite common.
Another thing is how timely its introduction is.
"In my opinion, now a large portion of the population has income, of which they simply have nothing to allocate for increased pension security in the future",-said B. Matvienko.
Russians, according to the speaker, cannot understand the mechanisms of forming and accruing pensions, as "constant changes in this field have finally confused".
The said does not mean that I am against improving the pension system governing its legislation.
" Russia is a social state, and we must do everything in order for the size of pensions, social security of citizens to improve.
But the steps in this direction must be thought out, responsible, taking into account domestic realities ", V said. Matvienko " RIA News ".
The head of the SF stressed that if this initiative (the guaranteed pension product) is developed, several basic principles should be required, including voluntary, tax preferences for citizens and employers and strict guarantees and the responsibility of the state to ensure the safety of pension savings.
The Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation announced on September 6, the submission to agree on the bill on the guaranteed pension product (GPP).
Among its main elements - exclusively voluntary procedure for citizens to accumulation system, guarantee the safety of long-term pension savings of citizens by the state, registration of accumulative accounts of citizens by the central administrator, tax benefits for business and tax deductibles for citizens.
Spider-Man stays in Marvel movie.
Sony and Disney agreed
Getty Images Image Caption. News about the departure of the beloved superhero from the film-selenium Marvel has caused the anger of many loyal fans
One of the most famous comic book heroes - Spider-Man - will remain in Marvel movie.
Disney and Sony Pictures managed to agree on rights to use it in franchise films.
This was known from Sony's press release, which says that the third part of Spider-Man with Tom Holland will be released on July 16, 2021
It was previously reported that Disney and Sony Pictures could not come to a consensus on income separation, which would leave Marvel-Man.
Sony owns the rights to the movie hero.
She rented them for Marvel movies that belongs to Disney.
As a result, Sony received revenue from film cashiers, and Disney from souvenirs and toys.
At some point, at some point, this situation stopped arranging Disney, and the company wanted to reconsider the agreement.
Marvel Studios President Kevin Faigi said he is delighted.
It's amazing that the journey of Spidi [Spider-Man] in the marvel movie will continue.
" All of us at Marvel Studios are very excited to be able to continue working on it.
Spider-Man is an iconic figure.
This is a hero whose story affects all generations and audience around the world ", his press release says.
At the same time, Faigi recalled that Sony creates his own cinema, built just around Spider-Man.
" So it happened that he is the only superpower hero who found himself in different cinema.
So, while Sony continues to develop his own Spidi universe, the future can bring unexpected surprises ", he said.
Tom Holland, who played Spider-Man in five films, obviously commenting on the news, posted an excerpt from Wolf from Wall Street movie, in which the hero Leonardo di Caprio is screaming " I'm not leaving!"
Information on contradictions between companies appeared in August.
According to the media, Disney wanted to receive half of the cash revenue from Spider-Man movies provided both companies pay half of the production costs.
But it didn't suit Sony.
The news of the possible departure of the beloved superhero from the film Marvel has caused the anger of many dedicated fans.
Details of the new conditions are not yet disclosed.
According to CNBC, Sony refused to comment on the agreement, but said: " We have worked perfectly for the past four years, and our joint desire to continue working together has been commensurate with the wishes of many fans [Spider-Man].
We are glad to be able to go forward together ".
The Avengers: The Final, which unites Spider-Man, Torah, Hulk and other Marvel superheroes, became the most cash in the history of the world cinema, shifting from the first place of Avatar ".
The President of Belarus was invited to visit Crimea
The head of the Belarusian community of Crimea Roman Chegrinets invited President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko to visit the peninsula.
The main dream is to convey power by inheritance
How remembered Lukashenko's 25-year rule in Belarus
In his opinion, closer economic interaction with Belarus will benefit the region.
Chegrinets expressed confidence that after Lukashenko, Belarusian enterprises will come to Crimea, says "RIA Novosti".
On September 26, the President of Belarus responded negatively to the question of the Ukrainian journalist about the return of Crimea to Ukraine.
According to the Belarusian leader, he does not consider it possible in the foreseeable future: "This issue is closed once and for all".
However, in Kiev and the West did not recognize the results of voting.
Lukashenko named the reasons for the continuation of the conflict in Donbass
The famous blogger Andrey Poltava came with searches: what is known at the moment
On Friday, September 27, in Poltava, in the house of relatives of volunteer and blogger Andrei Karpov, known as Andrey Poltava, are taking place.
This was reported by a blogger on Facebook, noting that he does not live at this address.
In addition, Poltava writes that once again received a message to the email of such content: " We inform that on the territory... I left a homemade bomb.
The second similar explosive device, laid in the car will be launched today near the house of the famous Ukrainian propagandist Andrey Anatolievich (aka is known as Andrey Poltava)...
Death to punishments ".
Karpov believes that his activities as a volunteer, politician and blogger do not like Russian occupiers.
Poltava's followers are sure that he makes the right gear and wish him strength and patience.
Recall, Poltava talks with Russians about the war in Donbass, annexation of Crimea, about peace, politics, and then posting videos on the Internet.
The blogger ran for the Verkhovna Rada from the European Solidarity Party.
Now he is broadcasting on the channel "Direct" where he criticizes Russian propaganda.
In 2017, according to ICTV channel, Karpov was recognized as the best blogger of Ukraine.
Riigikogu: Estonia wants to make climate goals for 2050 even more ambitious
The Chairman of the Commission Anneli Ott noted that three hearings have been held in the commission.
Experts, entrepreneurs and representatives of the Ministry of Environment presented their vision of achieving carbon neutrality in Estonia.
"The review will allow you to claim that together with other EU member states, Estonia is actively seeking opportunities to make climate goals for 2050 even more ambitious and negotiate ways to achieve them", Ott said.
The Chairman added that the government also planned a discussion on the analysis of Estonia's climate ambitions on October 3
The decision made according to its results will continue to be discussed in the Riigikogu commissions.
Deputy Chairman of the Commission, Riyna Sikkut said Estonia needs a clear plan to achieve climate goals agreed with all stakeholders.
International agreements and high cost of carbon dioxide quota will be anyway.
" In addition to energy, in domestic discussions, Riigikogu could focus on measures in agriculture, transport, forestry and housing.
It is necessary to take into account the socio-economic impact of all changes ", Sikkut stressed.
This fall, the Riigikogu Commission on European Union launched a series of parliamentary hearings to prepare a decision with which Estonia will participate in the EU climate goals negotiations for 2050
"Chelsea" will beat Neymar with record salary
The leadership of the English Chelsea expressed the desire to acquire an attacker of French PSG Neymar.
This is reported by El Desmarque.
According to the publication, the London club will offer the Paris to the summer transfer window.
It is noted that Chelsea is going to pay PSG 300 million euros, and Neymar will offer a contract with a salary of 42 million euros, making him the highest paying player in the world.
The Brazilian announced his desire to return to Barcelona this summer.
Neymar, according to the media reports, did not want to stay in the PSG, but in the end, he did not manage to go to another club in the past transfer window.
After that, Parisian fans publicly addressed the footballer, expressing dissatisfied with his actions.
In the Rostov region, the child was amputated by a hand because of the doctors's mistake
In the Rostov region, a 11-year-old boy lost his hand because of the doctors error.
This is reported in a note published on the pages of the Internet media.
According to IA REGNUM, the child was taken to the hospital of Zernograd with a fracture of his hand.
The boy was put on a cast, after which the gangrene developed.
As a result, the limb had to be amputated.
The quoted material says that Roszdravnadzor staff identified "violations of the timeliness and correctness of the child diagnosis, as well as the standard and amount of assistance provided in the first stage of treatment".
Investigators will be inspected in fact of the incident.
In Penza region, a car hit a woman with two children
A car hit a woman with a baby in a stroller and a three-year-old son in Penza region, one child died.
This was reported to the agency "Interfax" head of the press service of the UMVD in the region Olga Evdokimov.
An accident occurred in the Serdobsky district on Friday evening.
The agency's interlocutor explained that the woman was walking along the side with a stroller where the child was born in 2019 and with her son of 2016 years of birth.
Ford Focus driver hit all three.
As a result, the older boy died.
The youngest child is taken unconscious to the hospital.
The woman has no injuries, she was released after inspection.
According to Evdokimova, the culprit of the accident tried to leave the scene, but was promptly detained.
According to preliminary data, the driver was drunk, he was sent to medical examination.
In fact of the accident, a check is being conducted.
A high-ranking ex-police officer from CBD was detained in Krasnodar
Guardians of order detained in Krasnodar in the rented apartment of the former head of the operational and search part of the Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Kabardino-Balkaria Sergey Rybnikov.
He was wanted since May as part of the bribes case, writes RIA Novosti with reference to representatives of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia and the SKR.
The man was delivered to the investigative unit.
The figure of the case was detained, before that, he was charged.
According to law enforcement agencies, in 2017-2018 The officials of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in the Kabardino-Balkar Republic received a bribe of 42 million rubles.
For this money, they did not prevent the illegal transportation of alcohol-containing products in the territory of the region.
The figures of the case are held by 16 people.
At the same time, 14 of them were detained at the initial stage of the investigation.
Oleg Vinnyk went to the "Peacekeeper" base, what happened
Popular Ukrainian singer Oleg Vinnyk, who starred in the project #VsemMir with Russian stars who supported the Kremlin's policy on Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea, got into the base of "Peacekeeper".
The report on this appeared on the official website of the base.
The description is that Vinnyk became a participant of the Russian propaganda anti-Ukrainian action #VsemPeace aimed at translating the responsibility of Russia (aggressor country) war to Ukraine.
Let's remind you that Vladimir Pozner, Mirey Mathieu (France), Alessandro Safina (Italy), Valeria, Soso Pavliashvili, Igor Cool, Zara, Tamara Gverdciteli, Denis Klyaver, Valery Syutkin, Dmitry Malikov, Maxim Pokrovskaya, Maxim, Maxim, Maxim, Maxim, Maxim, Maxim, Maxim, Maxim, Maxim, Maxim Averin, Ksenia Alferova, Nonna Grishaeva and others.
Most of the flash mob participants publicly support the aggressive Kremlin's aggressive policy.
Vinnyk became the only Ukrainian participant of the project.
The singer's press service previously explained that the artist took part in the project in support of the International Day of Peace, which is celebrated on September 21, and did not change his patriotic position.
Let's remind you that there was a wave of outrage on the network.
The video itself is called mockery.
How can artists who visited the occupied Crimea who support Putin's politics, who unleashed the war in Donbass, where people die almost every day, can talk about peace?
Four people convicted of a series of cottage robbery in Khabarovsk
In Khabarovsk, the court sentenced four residents of the village of Druzhba, who robbed the cottage in the cosmos and "Rainbow" in the Black River for two years.
On September 27, the AA "Khabarovsk Krai today".
The criminal group included previously unconvicted men of 31 and 37 years and two brothers of 21 and 24 years.
It has been found that the inspiration of crimes is the elder of brothers, who has been in his youth in a colony for young people.
Alone he robbed nine houses, later the rest of us connected.
The damage from each of the theft was between three to 21 thousand. rubles.
Criminals carried away the stoves, refrigerators, curtains, buckets, gas tanks, chairs, tumbs and many other items.
They managed to detain them due to the security alarm in the last house.
The defendants are found guilty of theft committed with illegal penetration of housing, causing significant damage by a group of persons under preliminary conspiracy.
"Brothers sentenced to 3 years 6 months in prison in the general regime colony, two other defendants - to 2 years 10 months and 1 months in prison", quotes the senior Assistant Prosecutor of Khabarovsky district Julia Vasiliev agency.
Medvedev: Kokorin continues training on individual program
Forward of St. Petersburg "Zenit" Alexander Kokorin continues training on the individual program after release on the UDO, TASS reports with reference to the Director General of the team Alexander Medvedev.
Last Thursday, September 26, the attacker started training with Zenit-2
Photo with Kokorin posted a mentor of the second team of blue-white-blue Vladislav Radimov.
Earlier Medvedev reported that Kokorin might be playing for Zenit in the autumn in a friendly match.
In official meetings, the forward will be able to show itself after January 22, 2020, it must be registered in the nearest transfer window.
Let's remind you that on October 8, 2018, Kokorin, his younger brother Kirill, the havbek "Krasnodar" Pavel Mamaev and the children's coach Alexander Protasovitsky organized a series of fights in the center of Moscow.
Drinking athletes beat three people.
For a long time, they were in the CIZO.
In May 2019, the court sentenced them to real prison terms.
The Kokorinyh brothers were sent to jail for a year and a half, Mamaeva and Protasovitsky - for 1 year and 5 months.
In September 2019, the court met the application of athletes, except for Protasovitsky, for parole.
The first fights according to the rules of Alexander Emelyanenko will be held on November 29
The first fights of MMA according to the rules that Alexander Emelyanenko invented will be held in Moscow on November 29-in the undercarde of a boxing match between Emelyanenko and the strongman Mikhail Koklyaev.
The fights we lost in sight, - said Emelyanenko in an interview with "SE".
There's no one to look at.
That's why I came up with a new kind of mixed single combats - Universal World Fight.
The rules are three different rounds.
MMA is a sport where all martial arts are collected.
A mixed style fighter must be able to do everything - both work in a stand, and fight, and work in a parter.
Round one is only the shock technique in the rack.
The second round is only a struggle, while the time for reception in the parter is limited to 30 seconds.
The third round - everything is allowed.
When will the first tournament be held by the rules you came up with?
November 29th.
In the undercard of our fight with Koklyaev.
But yet it is unknown how many fights will be.
A veteran and his wife was killed in the Russian city
A veteran of the Great domestic war and his wife were killed in Ryazan.
This is reported on the website of the Regional Investigative Committee.
The bodies of men and women of 1928 and 1930 were found in their apartment.
It is noted that signs of violent death were found on them.
In fact, a criminal case was initiated.
Investigation checks various versions, including those related to the useful motive of murder.
At the moment, the investigation is ongoing.
On August 24, it was reported that a man who killed a 92-year-old veteran was detained in Kaluga for drug money.
It is noted that an elderly man was hit at least ten times.
A criminal case was initiated under Article 4, part 111 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation ("Intentional cause of serious harm to health, which caused the death of the victim").
Later, Mash Telegram channel reported that the suspect in murder five years ago, glass the veteran's balcony.
"Kamaz-Master" will put four crews on Dakar-2020
On Friday, September 27, a press conference " Kamaz-Master " was held in Naberezhnyh Chelny, at which the team leader Vladimir Chagin named the names of riders who will take part in the rally-raid " Dakar-2020 ".
The Russian team at the rally-marathon will be presented by four crews that will perform on the Kamaz-43509 trucks: the current champion " Dakara " Eduard Nikolaev, the winner of the Silk Road-2019 " Rally-2019 " Anton Shibalov, and Andrey Karginov and Dmitry Sotnikov.
Currently, the process of preparing the team for the Dakar-2020 rally has entered the final stage.
According to the press service of the team.
On December 5, 6, the French Marseille will host primary technical inspections and ferry loading to send equipment of the race to the Arabian Peninsula.
Let's remind you that since 2020, the "Dakar" rally marathon is changing the location.
After 10 years of South America, the organizers of the race signed a five-year contract with Saudi Arabia.
The 42th "Dakar" starts on January 5 from the Red Sea coast from Jedda.
On January 11, participants will spend a day of rest in the capital of the Kingdom of Riyadh, and finally, the race finish is scheduled for January 17 at Kiddia.
Trade with Russia is not only tanks
Trade turnover between Russia and India can grow twice due to geopolitical situation.
This was told at the V anniversary forum of small and medium business regions of the SCO and BRICS Deputy Director of the Indian Industry Confederation Manish Kumar.
It is important for us to learn from the SCO and BRICS countries, including Russia - said a guest from Delhi.
- Our confederation has 9 direct members and 300 partner companies from 130 countries.
All of this is a small and medium business that cooperates with the countries of the Shanghai organization.
And we do not stand still, but develop, and all these sanctions against Russia and the geopolitical situation in general, only help us all grow.
Now our bilateral trade is over $ 10 billion, but these numbers can be doubled.
First of all, due to new technologies in the field of health, artificial intelligence and robotics.
Our trade is not just tanks and heavy industry.
According to Manish Kumar, India has already established first contacts with modern centers of Russia.
So, a delegation from Delhi and other cities recently visited Skolkovo and Innopolis.
We have signed a memorandum of creating systems in which you can build our modern business.
After all, entrepreneurship is not a need, but a necessity.
The necessary step for us towards economic well-being.
We need to expand, attract small and medium businesses, and together with Russia, China and other countries, we will definitely do so, - the Indian Industrialist said.
Recall, Ufa hosts the Forum of Small and Medium Business Regions of SCO and BRICS for the fifth consecutive times.
From September 25 to 27, the forum was attended by more than 2800 people from Russia and 31 more countries of the world.
As part of a working trip to Tobolsk, Governor of the Tyumen region Alexander Moor participated in the grand opening of Sokolovsky water fence after reconstruction.
Now its productivity is 25 thousand cubic meters per day.
The reconstruction of the water fence took place within the framework of the implementation of the federal project " Clean Water " on the national project " Ecology ".
Investors helped the authorities: Sokolovsky water fence has become another example of the use of the private-state partnership mechanism.
Tyumen region has a unique experience of interaction in this field of federal structures, regional authorities, local administration and private investor.
New artesian wells appeared at the facility.
Pump stations were built over them.
Water treatment and disinfection facilities have been reconstructed.
As a result, the Sokolovsky water fence will provide toboliakov with quality drinking water.
In the plans of the zakoltsovka of Sokolovsky and Zhukovsky water fence.
Then Tobolsk will be fully able to switch to underground water supply.
Water treatment facilities will be expanded in Wagai
In Congress, in Trump's conversation with Zelensky saw the "Russian trail"
In the lower House of Congress of the Russian Federation accused of involvement in the scandal caused by the phone conversation of the head of the White House Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky.
The suggestion that this story could somehow be "Russians", Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi, says MSNBC News.
"I think Russia has attached a hand to this", the Democrat said, but did not give further comments.
Pelosi-led democrats who hold the majority in the house have previously announced the impeachment procedure for the president.
This happened after Trump was reported by an intelligence informant.
The informant suspected that in a conversation with Zelensky in July, Trump put pressure on his interlocutor to make a case against the son of former Vice President Joseph Biden, while the last one could become Trump's competitor in the election.
The White House had to provide the congressmen and public a transcript of scandalous conversation.
Nornickel will send 139,8 billion rubles to dividends according to the results of the first half of the year
"Norilsk nickel" will send 139,88 billion rubles (about $ 2,1 billion) to the results of the first half of 2019
The decision was made at the extraordinary shareholders meeting.
It is noted that the payment for one share will be 883,93 rubles.
"Shareholders approved on October 7, 2019 the date on which the persons entitled to receive dividends are determined", the press service of the company said.
According to the Moscow Exchange, the cost of one stock "Nornickel" increased by 1,04 % - to 16,5 thousand. rubles.
Van I met with UN General A. Guterrish
Member of the State Council, Minister of Foreign Affairs of China Van I met with UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres at UN headquarters in New York.
As stated by A. Gutterish at the meeting, China plays a critical role in creating a multipolar world.
The UN is grateful to the Chinese government for its strong support and fruitful cooperation, as well as appreciates the important contribution made by China to the international fight against poverty, combating climate change and creating a green belt and Path.
He wanted to deepen cooperation with China in the field of security and peace and sustainable development, and expects China to continue to play a leading role in the fight against climate change and other areas.
Van Yi, in turn, noted that multipolarity is an inevitable trend and every country has the right to development.
The implementation of multipolarity is impossible without multilateralism, symbols of which serve the basic goals and principles established in the UN Charter.
According to the Minister, China advocates a more active role of the UN, supports the work of the Secretary General of the world organization and strictly adheres to the basic ideas and principles of the UN Charter.
Next year will celebrate the 75th anniversary of the founding of the United Nations, and the Chinese side intends to use this opportunity to strengthen cooperation with the world to create a great future for the world.
President of the Philippines Duterte will come to Russia for five days
President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte will come to Russia in October, tells TASS with reference to the representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines Amelita Aquino.
It is explained that Duterte will arrive in Russia on October 1
His visit to Russia will last until October 5
Akino told that the President of the Philippines is going to Russia at the invitation of the Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
Duterte will participate in a meeting of the Valdai club in Sochi.
Filipino leader will also visit Moscow.
Dutert will participate in the Russian-Filipino business forum and will give a lecture at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO).
According to Akino, the main event of the trip will be the meeting of two presidents.
It is planned that leaders will discuss the status of bilateral relations and how countries can further expand cooperation in various areas.
It is noted that the meeting of the Filipino leader with Russian will be the fourth in the score.
The first time presidents met in 2016 at the APEC Summit in Peru.
In May 2017, the head of the Philippines came to Russia on a visit, and another meeting of leaders took place in November 2017 at the APEC summit in Vietnam.
Previously, the President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte allowed citizens to shoot bribes officials.
Elon Musk responded in Russian to an "unusual invitation" to come to Krasnodar for a business forum
The founder of Tesla and SpaceX Elon Musk responded to the invitation of the organizers of the Krasnodar business forum to attend the event.
The billionaire wrote a comment under one of the photos posted with "inviting billboard" at his company's office.
Previously, one of the organizers of the " Case by Small " forum posted in the California city of Hawthorne billboard with the inscription " Kak you takoe?", and on the other hand posted the website welcomeelon.com.
There is also a special QR code that will help you go to the forum website and get acquainted with all the information.
"The language is well hung",-wrote in Russian the inventor in response to the invitation, tells the teleprogramma. pro.
So far it is unknown what Musk meant by his answer, but many Russians, including forum speakers, hope for a billionaire's performance.
Meanwhile, the program "Evening Urgant" has already presented what outfit a billionaire could appear in Krasnodar.
The businessman dressed up in a Cossack outfit and suggested that in Kuban Musk presents: electric shaker, electric braid and electric saddle for the horse.
The famous land art artist created a portrait of Greta Thunberg
Sooner or later this should have happened.
Greta Thunberg's image was perpetuated by a tractor on the field.
Portrait of the activist was created by the famous land art artist Dario Gambarin.
A 16-year-old schoolgirl from Sweden suffering from Asperger syndrome became famous after speaking at the UN Assembly.
The activist accused all adults of stealing childhood and dreams from the younger generation, contaminated the planet and stripped the future under the pretext of economic development.
Greta has been nominated for an alternative Nobel Peace Prize, she can become the youngest owner of it, and the media is calling a schoolgirl the most powerful teenager in the world.
US Congress agreed to sell Poland F-35 fighters
Warsaw also plans to get F-135 engines and related equipment
The United States Congress approved the sale of 32 fighter bombers of the fifth generation F-35 to the Polish side.
This was reported by the Minister of National Defense of the Republic Mariusz Blashchak.
According to his data, Warsaw will receive not only planes, but also 33 F-135 F-135 turbojet engines, Pratt & Whitney, as well as its related equipment.
The starting cost of the contract is $ 6,5 billion.
" This is one of the last steps before signing a contract, but it is not the end of our work.
We will do our best to get the best price as possible ", Blashchak wrote on his Twitter page.
kp.ru wrote that American F-35 will need to replace the Mig-29 and Su-22 Soviet production.
The bilateral deal is expected to increase the security of the Republic.
The Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation published a video of the launch of the Onyx supersonic missile on Chukotka
Bastion Coast Complex of the Pacific Navy launched a super-sound winged Onyx rocket for the first time.
The video of the launch was published by the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation on Twitter.
According to the TV channel "Star", the flight of the missile was held in regular mode.
The missile successfully struck the target that was in the Chukotsky Sea water at a distance of more than 200 km.
The safety of maneuvers were provided by about 10 warships, as well as marine aviation planes.
Technician and soldiers were delivered to the place of exercises on a paratrooper ship.
Shooting at a marine target, which was over 200 kilometers, performed the calculation
Rospotrebnadzor is categorically against the return of smokers to airports
Rospotrebnadzor speaks categorically against the return of smokers to airports.
"Neither ventilation, nor filters, even together, can reduce the impact of tobacco smoke to levels considered acceptable", the message says.
"Izvestia" on Friday reported that the Ministry of Health has developed amendments to the second reading of the bill, according to which it is proposed to arrange two hens for the airport.
The expert told me why you should give up tea in bags
A group of scientists from Canada representing McGill University found out that more than ten billion microplastics are brewing a bag of tea in a cup in five minutes.
The packaged drink can also add particle of sawdust, said Nation News expert in the field of food security Elizabeth Tikhonov.
According to agronomist, the consumer cannot receive reliable information about the composition of packaged tea - the manufacturer can add ingredients that will not be listed on the packaging.
Sawdust at the end of the season don't throw away, so they may end up in tea.
"Moreover, the bags do not always include tea plants", Tikhonov said.
According to her, it is better to refuse to use such a drink in favor of tea for the rozvels, which is sold in specialized stores.
In addition, she stressed that the danger of packaged tea is not only in the composition, but also in the method of production - microparticles heat up to high temperatures, which they can begin to allocate harmful substances.
"It is best to buy pure green or black tea - the least supplements will be in such a drink", the expert said.
The problems of the Arctic development will be discussed at the international conference in Norilsk
The problems of the development of the Arctic will be discussed at the international conference in Norilsk.
The Forum was organized by the Norilsk Development Agency and the Tymyr Researchers Club, reports "Krasnoyarsk".
Scientists from Russian cities - Moscow, St. Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Salehard, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk, Dudinki.
Foreign guests came from Holland and Canada.
One of the central topics of the forum is how to develop the urban environment in the Arctic environment and at the same time not harm nature.
The guests of the forum will also be able to visit interactive sites at the Norilsk State Industrial Institute.
And in the cinema "Motherland" are waiting for movie lovers - there will be screenings of scientific and popular films about the Arctic region.
At creative meetings, travelers and scientists will talk about their experience of acquaintance with the Arctic.
The forum will last three days.
The festival of northern walk will be held in Ulyanovsk
Residents of the Ulyanovsk region will take part in the festival of northern walk.
A mass start will take place in the park "Coastal".
The participants of the festival will be teams from different cities and districts of the Ulyanovsk region, which won in municipal stages.
They are mostly composed of residents of the region over 50 years old.
The project is designed to attract the older generation in active time, 1ul.ru reports.
The city stage of the festival took place on September 7 at once in six parks.
Participants needed to overcome the northern walking distance of 3 km.
The winner was determined by the amount of years of participants in the team.
The regional festival will be held on September 28
Regions were invited to share the secrets of business support
As it became known "Parliamentary newspaper", On September 27, Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy Andrey Kutepov sent a letter to the Minister of Economic Development Maxim Oreshkin and the Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov with a proposal to express a position on the initiatives of the Federation to improve legislation in support of small and medium entrepreneurship (SMEs).
It's time to establish interregional connections
The Federation Council Committee on Economic Policy summarized the information received from the regions about their business development and legalization of self-employed, as well as the results of such programs.
In their letters, the regions told senators about the development of SMEs and sent suggestions for improving current legislation.
"To date, communication between the regions is not sufficiently established, as a result of which the entrepreneurship community in all regions of visiting senators, the lack of information about regional programs of entrepreneurship development in general in the country", Andrey Kutepov said.
In the appendix to the letter sent to the Government, he presented a set of positive developments in the regions on the legalization of self-employment and consolidated data from the regions with suggestions and issues (available at the editorial office).
In addition to the profile ministries, summary data from the regions are also sent to the heads of regional executive authorities.
Sharing information on positive developments in the regions could give a boost to the development of entrepreneurship in general.
The first step towards such an exchange and will be to send information available to the Committee on Economic Policy ",-said the " Parliamentary newspaper " Senator.
Useful experience
Today in many regions of the country, programs of support small and medium-sized businesses have been adopted and successfully.
For example, in Vologda region operates the Entrepreneurship Support Center, which, in addition to financial support measures, helps businessmen in carrying out certification of finished products.
In the Ivanovo region, a business support system has been developed, which provides for the implementation of the principle of one window through multifunctional centers.
In the Krasnodar region, beginners of agricultural consumer cooperatives are provided with grants at the expense of the regional budget.
The center of cluster development is functioning in the Orlovsk region.
The Amur region, within the framework of the federal project "Acceleration of small and medium-sized entrepreneurship" provides for subsidizing business incubators created on the basis of existing non-state coworking centers at the expense of the federal budget.
Special support measures for youth entrepreneurship are being taken in several other regions.
Self-employed continue to be removed from the shadows
According to the regional authorities, a number of changes to existing legislation should be made to support small and medium businesses more effectively.
For example, the Arkhangelsk region suggested replacing the term " self-employment " with " entrepreneurship " as it " most corresponds to the content of public service to promote self-employment of unemployed citizens ".
In the Ivanovo region, it is necessary to amend the expansion of the list of activities provided by self-employed citizens, including activities in the finishing and renovation of residential premises, cottage buildings, physical training classes.
Bryansk region considers it important to strengthen control over unfair dairy producers with the help of the veterinary system "Mercury".
And in Kostroma and Magadan regions, they are responsible for strengthening the concept of "social entrepreneurship" in the regulatory field and directions of supporting social entrepreneurship.
All proposals from the regions will be taken into account when preparing government programs for supporting small and medium-sized businesses, and the most important will be developed in the form of specific bills.
"All proposals from the regions will be taken into account in the preparation of state programs of support for small and medium-sized entrepreneurship, and the most important ones will receive development in the form of specific bills", Andrey Kutepov assured.
The airline helped passengers avoid neighbourhood with crying children
Japan Airlines (JAL) has launched a new feature: when booking seats on the plane, you can now find out where small children will be sitting.
Now, if you want to be avoided with them.
Japanese Airlines (JAL) passengers were able to take advantage of the new option and avoid unwanted neighbourhood with small children.
The air carrier launched a feature that allows you to track what places the children will be at.
When selecting seats in the salon during booking tickets, passengers will be able to see the image of the head of a child on the ground that are occupied by children between eight days to two years.
Thus, those who do not want to fly near babies due to possible inconvenience caused by their cry can be as far away from them.
Internet users who use the airline services are delighted with the innovation.
Some of them thanked the carrier, noting that other airlines should be done in the same way.
One of the users complained that he was flying from New York to Doha a few weeks ago, and three crying babies were sitting next door.
Another commentator proposed to introduce "flights only for adults", expressing the readiness to pay for such a flight.
Many tourists have noted that they will now try to always choose Japan Airlines for their movements, as they see nothing nice about flying next to a crying baby in a closed space.
Previously, a woman traveling with a breast baby tried to get her travelers during the Seoul to San Francisco flight.
She prepared for each of the 200 passengers bags of sweets, each of which had an apology note.
Oleg Tabakov train appeared in the metro?
If you are constantly using the Kaluga-Riga line (and that's how most of the residents of Konkov), there is a surprise is waiting for you.
A new thematic train "Great Russian artist Oleg Tabakov" was launched in the underground.
Every day, this name is transported by 10 thousand people.
He runs just along the orange line and talks about the director, actor and founder of the Tabakerka Theater.
By the way, it is convenient to go to the performances that play on the new stage of the theater (it is located on the Small Sukharevskaya Square, next to the subway "Sukharevskaya").
As we were explained in the press service of the Moscow Metro, "the external design of the thematic train used images of fragments of the new scene and posted portraits of Oleg Tabakov in iconic images created in the theater, cinema and cartoon".
The train talks about his family, the performance " Matrosskaya Silence " with which began the great life of the theater, about the " Tabakerka " itself, about the director's work.
You can see rare archive pictures and footage from movies on the walls of cars.
Russian gays with adopted children requested asylum in the USA
A single-sex couple of Russians with two adopted children requested asylum in the USA, says RIA "Novosti".
Men reportedly left the Russian Federation to Ukraine, then went to the States where they applied for asylum.
According to the statement of the group " Incentive ", the reason for such actions of the family was " continued interest by law enforcement agencies ".
Men are reportedly not planning to return to Russia.
Children have been studying at American school since the beginning of the school and adapt to new conditions.
Recall, earlier, it was reported that a case against the employees of social protection department of the Maryino district due to adoption of the same-sex family of two little boys.
At the same time, the HR said that raising children with a same-sex couple should not be an excuse for initiating a case.
A press conference of the MHATA " Izvestia " will be held at the press conference of the project " POEMPEASON OF POEMS The third stage. Poetry "
On October 3 at 11:00 pm in the press center of the Izvestia " Izvestia " will host an announcement: Start of the project " SEASON of poems: The third stage. Poetry " in the Moscow State University of Gorky.
Eduard Boyakov, artistic head of MKHAT named after M. Gorky, director-director of the project.
Ivan Kupreyanov, poet, producer of the project.
Dmitry Vodennikov, poet.
Irina Lindt, theater and cinema actress.
Alexey Shmelev, poet.
In the new season, the third stage of MHAT named after M. Gorky will become the territory of total poetry.
The extensive program will show performances, based on the poems of the main poets of modern day.
The project team will create a unique poetry world for viewers from poems, music and multimedia images.
Artistic director of MKHATA Eduard Boyakov and the curator of the project, poet and producer Ivan Kupreyanov will present the first and only theatrical anthology of modern elegant verbal verbal - the project "SEASON OF POEMS: The third scene. Poetry".
The season opens on October 5 at 19:00 on the third stage of the MHAT of the MKHAT of Gorky play of the poet-legend, each performance becomes a significant event for lovers of elegant verbal, Dmitry Vodennikov.
Performances will be held in October and November.
Each performance is its own author, curator and actor.
The performances will be attended by artists of MKHATA and invited stars: Irina Lindt, Agnia Kuznetsova, Olga Cabo, Alice Grebenshchikova.
The musical concept of the project - Sergey Letov.
The curators will be performed in the performances: Pavel Kryuchkov, Maria Golovanívskaya, Eduard Boyakov, Ivan Kupreyanov, etc.
The project is being implemented with the support of the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation.
Pavel Ustinov joined pickets in support of the "Moscow business" figures
Actor Pavel Ustinov joined a series of solitary pickets " Freedom to all ", which are held on Friday at the building of the Russian President's administration on Old Square in Moscow, the correspondent of " Interfax ".
The picket series began on September 18 in support of Ustinov himself and has been ongoing every day since.
Currently, the participants of the action, changing each other, stand, holding a poster with the inscription "Freedom to all" and the names of the convicted and arrested after unagreed rallies in Moscow in the summer of 2019
In addition to Ustinov, on the poster of the names of Egor Zhukov, Kirill Zhukov, Daniel Begetz, Eugene Kovalenko, Konstantin Kotov, Ivan Podkopajdar Gubajdulin, Alexei Minylo, Sergei Fomin, Samariddin Rajabov, Nikita Chirtsov, Eduard Malyshevsky, Vladislav.
The Tver Court of Moscow sentenced 24-year-old Ustinov to 3,5 years of the general regime colony on charges of violence against the fighter of OMON Rosgvardia at an unagreed action on August 3 in the center of Moscow (part. 2. th century 318 Criminal Code of the Russian Federation).
After that, on September 20, at the application of the Attorney General's Office, the court changed Ustinov the measure of suppression from detention to a non-departure subscription.
So, the petition for the release of Ustinov scored more than 112 thousand in a day. signatures.
Theater and cinema artists started a flashmob in support of a colleague.
To participate in a single picket in solidarity with the actor on September 18, a queue was lined up in Old Square.
Human rights defenders, journalists, scientists, teachers, doctors, Orthodox priests demanded review the case.
According to " Interfax " sister Ustinova Yulia, at a meeting on September 29 in the capital in support of the Moscow case " figures, her brother does not plan to perform.
Supplies of "sanctions" to Russia fell 100 times
The Russian government estimated that supplies of agricultural products and food to Russia from countries that fell under the Russian food embargo decreased more than 100 times since 2013
According to the report sent to the President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin, 31 thousand were introduced from sanctions countries in the first half of 2019 tons of products vs 3 million 442,2 thousand tons for the same period of 2013, Interfax reports.
At the same time, the cost of imported products dropped to $ 226,5 million from $ 4 billion 975,5 million respectively.
It's about supplies of goods that did not fall under the embargo.
As indicated in the report, the volume of the import of prohibited products were compensated by increasing imports from CIS, Africa, South-East Asia, Serbia.
Recall that at the end of August, the government prolonged until December 2020, 31, the rules of destruction of agricultural products, raw materials and food, which are prohibited for import into Russia within the framework of counter-sanctions.
The document posted on the official portal of legal information noted that the rule has been extended for another year - from 31 December 2019 to 31 December 2020
Initially, the sanctions destruction order was extended to products from the USA, EU, Australia, Norway and Canada.
Later, from August 13, 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland, Liechtenstein, from January 1, 2016-Ukraine.
A decree signed by Putin on the destruction of "sanctions" (food embargo, which Moscow introduced in response to anti-Russian sanctions of the West) entered into force in 2015
In turn, the government has allowed to destroy "sanctions" food by any legitimate way.
As the sanctions of the West preserved, the Russian Federation also extended its response.
At the same time, the products that citizens are imported for personal use, this measure is not subject to.
The ban does not apply to import of goods for personal consumption weighing up to 5 kilograms.
However, the head of the Council under the President of the Russian Federation on the development of civil society and human rights Mikhail Fedotov previously called "simply immoral" destruction of food, and this, according to him, has a negative impact on the upbringing of people.
Moreover, Rospotrebnadzor made an initiative to ban the destruction of food suitable for use in early June.
After that, a similar recommendation to the Government was given by the Human Rights Council under the President of the Russian Federation.
And Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation Alexey Gordeev said that it is wrong to destroy food, and you should think how you can use them by appointment, assess the quality.
The head of the company found guilty of tax evasion
The sentencing of the Leninsky district court of Cheboksary, Director of " Land and Law " LLC Vyacheslav Morozov found guilty of committing crimes provided for the p. " b " part 2th century. 199 The Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (tax evasion from the organization by incorporating in the tax declaration of false information, made in a particularly large amount) and part. 2th century 327 The Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (forgery of the official document, granting rights and exempt from duties, for the purpose of using it, committed in order to hide another crime and to facilitate its committing).
This is reported by the press service of the Investigative Department of the SKR in Chuvashia.
From January 2008 to December 2009, Vyacheslav Morozov introduced information on imperfect transactions to the documents of tax accounting.
According to fictitious documents, the company carried additional costs, and therefore, the amount of taxes on value added and profit of the organization 11,2 million rubles were reduced.
Vyacheslav Morozov has been punished in the form of 3,5 years in prison.
By 2023, the first school of the new format will open in the center of the capital
The school of a new sample will be opened in Khamovniki.
According to the head of the Moscow building investor Anastasia Pyatova, there will create all conditions for self-realization and development of children's talents.
The educational institution decided to call "New Look".
This project will be supervised by the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Foreign Affairs and the Foundation "Economic Development of Higher School".
About 10 thousand "squares" are planned to begin next year.
They will finish the construction at the end of 2022, and the first students will start recruiting in the next.
"The project provides for creating a public, non-profit educational space, which will be based on the traditions of classic Moscow school and experimental methods",-the press service of Moskomstroiinvest.
In Chile they started building a telescope worth 1 billion euros
This is reported by TASS with reference to the press service of the European Southern Observatory (ESO).
According to ESO, this week the construction of the dome of the building, where the E-ELT telescope (European Extremely Large Telescope - "European super large telescope") has been officially started so far the most expensive and ambitious ground-based astronomical project.
Its total cost is estimated to exceed a billion euros.
Most of this money will be spent on making equipment and building an observatory building.
The most expensive and complex component of the telescope is its record large mirror, whose diameter will be about 39 meters.
It will be collected from 798 hexagonal segments of 1,4 meters.
This huge mirror, as well as two auxiliary reflecting surfaces in diameter of 4,2 and 3,75 meters will help E-ELT get the first detailed photos of planets outside the solar system, stars in other galaxies, and to look for Earth's twins.
In addition, scientists will try to use this observatory to observe the surroundings of Sgr A *, supermassive black hole in the center of the Milky Way.
Despite the fact that the construction of the dome has just begun, mirrors, scientific tools and other components of the observatory scientists, engineers and other specialists have been developing for three years - since the first plans for the construction of E-ELT.
The contract for the production of the main mirror, whose total value amounted to about 400 million euros, was received by the German SCHOTT and the French company Safran Reosc.
