Father Joseph Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He's a charismatic.
The crowds are drawn to his Holy Mass for release and healing.
He was a teenager when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, through the Franciscan, others experience it.
On the celebrated by Fr. Witko Mass for the release and healing of the crowds
He was once attended by the parents of a 7-month-old child who had a hole in his heart the size of 7.5 mm.
It was supposed to be operated.
Father Joseph Witko prayed for him.
Later that day, the boy was taken to the hospital for surgery.
Astonished doctors said: "Surgery is not needed, the loss is only 1.5 mm."
My parents cried out of luck.
After another prayer, the Franciscan hole disappeared completely.
The clergyman began to experience the unusual actions of the Creator as a teenager.
In his dreams, purgatory souls came to him asking for help.
I was woken up at night and demanded to pray for the dead and those who died at a given moment - he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what was happening to a man who committed a mortal sin.
"My body began to change.
I lost my human qualities and began to take on the appearance of an animal, "he says.
The invisible force lifted him up, he couldn't get his voice out.
He felt he was lost.
Then God indicated his rescue.
"Immersed in the waters of the river symbolizing holy baptism, I was freed and returned to the human form..." he says.
He didn't tell anyone about these strange experiences.
His vocation matured.
He was 16 when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons he wanted not only to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience him alive.
Members of the charismatic community of Renewal in the Holy Spirit
Many people who hope to get rid of the disease are involved in the Mass for the healing of Witko's father.
However, the clergyman emphasizes that their main purpose is spiritual healing, not fleshly healing.
First defeat of Kolping FRAC Jarosław
Today (26 September this afternoon) the team of Kolping FRAC deserved the current Polish champion Dartom Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki as part of the 3. LOTTO Superliga Table Tennis.
The Yaroslavians in such a personal compilation as they presented with the peers have little chance of winning with the league sovereigns.
The duel with Dartom Bogoria clearly showed it.
The team is still missing, called to lead the team, Chen Jingqi.
Perhaps with him in the composition of yaroslaving would reach for the third consecutive triumph in the new season.
The young Asian Qiyao Han may not have grown up to win with such dozens as Greek Panagiotis Gionis or Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most prospective Poles, i.e. Mark Badowski.
The Hellady player was the biggest star of the duel in the MOSiR hall at Sikorski Street in Jarosław.
Both in the clash with Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei was the class itself.
After three duels, Collping FRAC led 2:1.
Kou Lei probably took out Mark Badowski, and Daniel Górak after an emotional five-seat battle - Pavel Siruck.
But then it was worse.
Gionis didn't give Lea a chance.
You could still hope to win for two points, but Qiyao Han did not meet Badowski.
There will be no additional research for seniors.
Why? Why?
According to the announcements of Rafał Trzaskowski, a free preventive research programme for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it has not gained acceptance from the Ministry of Health and the Agency for the Protection of Medical Technologies and Tarification under its authority.
In its explanatory memorandum, the Agency explained that the target group had been misdirected.
'These actions may even result in detection of individual disease units, which may contribute to increasing the difficulty in accessing NFZ benefits and adversely affect the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with false positive research, 'it writes.
The decision of the ministry is not understood by the president of the capital.
"The money is ours, we anticipated it.
Only the government is afraid that if people study, then they will go to the doctor, which is ridiculous, because it is precisely to bring about a situation where prevention can be done faster.
All professionals know that this helps when it comes to the burden of the health system, because it helps in the rapid detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand, "said Rafał Trzaskowski.
"I find it difficult to imagine that specialists running say: Let us not examine ourselves because there will be longer queues with the doctor, and if such specialists advise the government, then I am not surprised that the health service is in this condition," added the OP politician.
Palestine responds to Israel: We zero all agreements so far
Palestinian President Mahmud Abbas told the UN General Assembly on Thursday that he would break any agreements with Israel if the country's future government tried to fulfill Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement on the annexation of the occupied Palestinian lands.
"If the future government of Israel, which will arise, accomplishes this plan, we will cancel all the agreements signed (with Israel) and withdraw from all the commitments made," he announced.
"We will reject the whole plan completely and completely," Abbas pressed.
"It is our duty to defend all our rights by any means possible - insignificant as a consequence - by fully engaging in the application of international law and in the fight against terrorism," said the Palestinian Authority President, who had already made similar declarations in July.
After the 17 September elections, Netanyahu, the former prime minister of Israel, again received the mission of forming the government.
A week before the election, he announced that if he won, he would announce the annexation of the Jordan Valley and intend to include all Jewish settlements in Israel throughout the West Bank.
In the early years of 90. Israel and the Palestinians, led by Jaser Arafat at the time, signed a number of peace agreements, which were patroned by the United States.
Abbas, 84, also promised to hold a general election on Palestinian soil during the session of the UN General Assembly.
The last took place in 2006.
"When I return to the country, I will convene local elections in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem, and all those who oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community," declared the solemnly Palestinian President.
Abbas also defended in his speech the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the UN, to exercise the powers of "full members of the UN and of all its bodies and institutions."
The Palestinian leader ended the speech with a call to the international community to "force Israel to fulfill with all due respect the provisions of the United Nations."
Israeli ambassador Danny Danon briefly responded to Abbas' speech, stating that the Palestinian leader "prefers to focus in the UN on the Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel rather than to fight against calls for terrorism in Autonomy under its leadership."
Danon, according to the agencies, did not mention Netanyahu's announced annexation of the occupied Palestinian lands.
Rescuers want defibrillators at sensitive points in Przemyśl
The history of the border crossing shows that an automatic AED defibrillator can save human life.
The Voivodeship Ambulance Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be located in sensitive points of the city.
Officers received congratulatory degrees from the Voivodeship Ambulance Station in Przemyśl for their attitude.
Applicant Daniel Cyrnek, senior applicant Grzegorz Bal and Commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Podkarpackie Tax Customs Office in Przemyśl.
On 28 August they served at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing point in Medyka. A Customs and Revenue officer noticed a man lying unconscious in a pedestrian zone.
A Chinese activist died in custody from torture.
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Constitution
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, was called on September 23 by the secretary of the communist party from her home village to announce that her husband had just died at a military hospital in Hengyang.
Which was the cause of death - he did not disclose.
Cao saw her husband's body massacred, unrecognisable.
"His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were all in the blood," says the woman.
"They wouldn't let me take my cell phone with me, and there were a lot of cops around who couldn't get near Wang."
The police pressured her to sign a statement that her husband was seriously ill and died of an "unfortunate accident."
PLN 105 million for video gaming companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million of funding will go to gaming companies that create innovative solutions.
The National Centre for Research and Development announced on Friday the results of the third edition of the GameINN programme.
Nearly 30 projects that supported the NCBR included the development of a platform to create field games based on an AR engine that creates a map of the real world with an application that allows users to transfer data; a test and training platform for the verification of practical job skills and vocational training using VR and AI technologies; an innovative game simulating the management of real production processes using a novel game model based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the concept of industry 4.0 - reported the NCBR communication sent on Friday to PAP.
The aim of the GameINN sectoral programme is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish video game manufacturers sector in the global market in the 2023 perspective.
According to the NCBR, today the Polish video game sector is growing at a rate of 10% per year.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 was PLN 1.85 billion, while the forecast for 2019 is 2.23 billion.
"The specially prepared research agenda of GameINN and the support for entrepreneurs already amounting to PLN 300 million under this sector programme is an important impetus for the further dynamic growth of Polish gamedevu," says the communication.
The video game industry is an excellent example of the effective use of the potential we have in Poland.
"The incentives introduced by the government for innovative entrepreneurs, such as R & D relief, skills improvement programmes, IP box and support programmes implemented by the NCBR, drive innovation activities of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a very competitive market," evaluates Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education Jarosław Gowin.
The head of the Ministry of Science points out that money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of project subsidies, but also stays in their pockets - three quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from the relief for R & D in 2018 than a year earlier.
"The deductible costs for R & D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in over PLN 300 million in savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is the equivalent of the support provided by the NCBR in three editions of the GameINN, "emphasizes the Deputy Prime Minister.
The director of the NCBR, Dr. Wojciech Kamieniecki, reminds that in the two previous competitions, funding amounting to over PLN 211.2 million was awarded to 78 innovative projects.
The enormous interest in the third competition and the variety of applications submitted show that the video game industry has ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
'It is particularly pleased that the projects selected - as in previous editions - include projects concerning not only entertainment but also industry-related solutions 4.0, 'he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific entities could apply for funding of up to PLN 20 million.
The NCBR received 87 applications for a total of around PLN 317 million.
The budget of the competition at the time of the contest was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects were awarded almost PLN 105 million.
Detailed information on the results of the III GameINN competition is available on the ncbr.gov.pl website.
The GameINN sectoral programme is implemented within the framework of the Intelligent Development Operational Programme.
The NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to the initiative of entrepreneurs associated with the Polish Games Agreement, which includes companies such as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga confessed to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident happened on September 16.
Dolberg, who arrived in Nice from Ajax Amsterdam in late August, realized after training that his watch had disappeared from the locker room.
Not just what, because it's worth 70 thousand euros.
The angry Danish did not appear in class the next day, explaining his stomach problems.
The case was puzzling from the beginning.
Football players in the locker room have private safes available, and the club area is monitored.
According to AFP, he finally confessed to Diaba-Fadiga.
The 18-year-old has already apologised to Dolberg and other teammates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised the Danish to return the money for the watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most prospective footballers of the young generation in France.
He went to Nice as a 13-year-old to make his first team debut three years later.
This season he starred in seven matches.
He recently signed a professional contract, but - as the newspaper "L'Equipe" reported - the club is likely to dissolve it with immediate effect.
For now, he has initiated disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, refuses to comment on this.
See if you can wash your hands well.
We all know that they need to be washed (e.g. after coming home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it in the right way.
It's important especially now that autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds to wash enough to remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
And most of us wash them shorter!
It is enough warm water and ordinary soap - it is not true that it must be antibacterial (many doctors even advise against it).
By washing, we rub not only the bottoms and tops of the hand, but also: the tips of the fingers (connected or singly) - rub them with circular movements about the interior of the other hand, the spaces between the fingers (intertwine the hands, rub the fingers against each other), thumbs - each thumb includes the other hand and such a hand.
In an emergency (when you cannot wash your hands) we should wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief, and then use an antibacterial gel (in drogerie, from PLN 5).
After using the public toilet do not touch with washed hands handles or doors (recommendation of the Chief Health Inspectorate).
Open them through a paper towel.
The President of Iran says he rejected a proposal for talks with the US, Donald Trump denies
Tehran did not enter into talks with the U.S. party during the U.N. General Assembly in New York, despite an offer by Americans to lift sanctions, Iran's President Hasan Rowhani said on Friday.
U.S. President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side that asked for the abolition of restrictions, which he did not agree to.
According to Iranian President Hasan Rowhani, the Americans have proposed lifting all sanctions imposed on Tehran in exchange for negotiating a new international agreement.
It would regulate both the Iranian nuclear program and the ballistic missile programme.
Rowhani: Iran will not engage in talks in the atmosphere of maximum pressure
The President of Iran stated that he did not agree to take these talks because of the "toxic atmosphere."
He stated that he had met with American diplomats because he had given in to the urges of France, Germany and the United Kingdom.
However, he stressed that Iran would not engage in talks in an atmosphere of "maximum pressure."
"And even if we want to negotiate with Americans in 5 + 1 format, no one can predict what the end result will be," Rowhani said.
The day before, the Iranian leader said that he did not rule out talks with the US, and that the European parties to the nuclear agreement had accused US sanctions against Iran.
He added that the sanctions imposed on Iran following the withdrawal of the US from the nuclear agreement "are a prerequisite that does not allow" to establish dialogue.
If we can lift this precondition and if America lifts sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can speak to America, 'he declared.
He added that he did not rule out a meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump, even though he did not agree to such a conversation during the passing week at the U.N. General Assembly.
Trump: "Iran asked, I said no"
Donald Trump tweeted that he rejected the request of the Iranian side.
"Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them so that we could meet.
Of course I said "no!" "tweeted the President of the United States.
Voltage with atomic background agreement
France, Germany and the UK are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran to somehow save the 2015 agreement with Iran, of which they were signatories.
It provided that Iran would abandon its nuclear weapons programme and put the nuclear sector under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in exchange for the abolition of economic sanctions.
Since the withdrawal of the US from the agreement in May 2015, the other signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in place.
So far, it hasn't worked out.
Washington uses tactics to exert maximum pressure on Iran, and sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran announced that if it did not receive an export authorisation for raw material, it would limit its obligations under the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESZÓW: Cabaret pod Wyrwigroszem
We have entrances for you!
Kabaret pod Wyrwigroszem will perform on 6 October at 16 Hrubieszów House of Culture. in Hrubieszów.
Cabaret pod Wyrwigroszem will present a program entitled "Tra ta ta ta ta."
There will be talks about jumping drinks and Toruń geothermia.
Tickets are at 60 PLN, you can buy them in HDK and also on the biletowakasa.pl website.
For TZ readers we have free inputs.
How to get them, check our Facebook profile.
The judge of the Provincial Administrative Court in Warsaw and the husband of hejterka Emilia, who - according to her words and screens from WhatsAppa - participated in stalking against judges, was reinstated on Wednesday for judgment by the NSA.
Reason: no disciplinary action has been initiated against him, so there is no basis to uphold the order of the president of WSA Wojciech Mazur to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a disciplinary ombudsman at the NSA, opened an investigation against Shmydt at the end of August, but it has not yet turned into a case against him.
Although the NSA, which in such cases acts as a disciplinary court, must take care of the decision of the President of the WSA within one month of its adoption.
In this situation, the judge, who publicly spoke about his wife's mental problems in order to discredit her, who on suspicion of participating in a Hejteran group was removed from the office of the National Court Register, will return to the judgment and will give judgments on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his stake in the Hejter Group.
He says there's no evidence of that except the fake screenings and words of his wife with whom he divorces.
That's exactly what the other judges associated with Caste say: they're all innocent, there's no evidence.
And it's quite possible they'll bet on their own.
Because the prosecutor's office didn't pick up a finger to secure evidence from their electronic media, or it's silent about the contents of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which she stopped on another case in June.
The police didn't snap a finger to secure the devices of those whom Judge Waldemar Żurek pointed out as persecutors in a February report.
There's no evidence - no Shmydt case, no Caste case.
Nor is NIK Chief Mariana Banasia's case of renting a tenement house to sutenerom and hiding income.
The CBA is checking his wealth statements.
And he'll check when he checks.
And the Committee on Parliamentary Ethics will not take up Banas because the Sejm is suspended (but the State Control Committee somehow gathered to make a kuriozal decision to dismiss Banasio's deputies and appoint as acting lawyer, although the law of such a strange combination does not provide).
The whole thing reminds me of an American novel about how my wife comes home and finds her husband with her mistress in bed.
She's so amazed and devastated that she can't say a word.
She stands in the door, and at that time the lover quickly jumps out of bed, dresses and leaves.
And my husband was bedridden.
When the wife regains her voice and shouts: what is this?
Who is this woman?
My husband quietly asks, what woman, honey?
Only in the case of "Caste" or Banasia is a parody of the state.
And it's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Signing with the auditor of the audit agreement for the years 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S.A. informs that on September 27, 2019, it signed a contract with Premium Audyt Spółka z o.o. with its registered office in Poznań at Czartoria Street 1/1, entered under the KRS number 0000540136 in the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register maintained by the Poznań District Court - Nowy Miasto i Wilda in Poznań, VIII Economic Division of the National Court Register, entered on the list of entities entitled to audit accounts under number 3992.
The subject of the agreement is the audit of the financial statements of Maxipizza S.A. for the following financial years: a. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, c. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in the final jump up
Previously returning this season to compete after the maternity break, the contestant, the bronze medalist of the 2017 World Championships in London, in the first attempt she defeated 1.85 and 1.89 and in the second 1.92.
1.94 managed to get it only in the third approach.
"I'm glad.
I showed that I can fight because the first test was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I will have to jump better technically, "she admitted in front of the Eurosport Lićwinko camera.
In the eliminations the best turned out to be American Vashti Cunningham and Belarusian Karyna Demidik - after 1.94.
Both players were the only ones who hit no height.
The final of the women's jump is scheduled for Monday.
Beginning at 19.30 Polish time.
Kornel Morawiecki is in hospital in severe condition
He went to the hospital, and doctors describe his condition as severe.
It must be added that he is conscious and conscious.
"We believe he'll win again.
We all pray for him to recover, "reported anonymous close person Kornel Morawiecki in a conversation with" Super Expressu "journalists.
In the upcoming election, the Prime Minister's father is running for Senate.
"My closest family and politician are keeping me alive," Kornel Morawiecki said in an interview he gave to "Super Expressu" reporters two weeks ago.
In January, "Super Express" reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki was sent to the Military Hospital in Wrocław for research.
"I experienced strange, disturbing symptoms and went to the hospital.
Turns out I have jaundice.
But the worst was before me.
When the CT scan was performed, it was found that I had a pancreatic cancer... "
A few days later Kornel Morawiecki underwent a serious surgery at the Ministry of Interior in Warsaw.
As Morawiecki told us, President Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain Zbigniew Kras to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and went well.
"I know a lot of people prayed for me for which I thank you very much.
Luckily, I don't have metastases.
I don't know if I'm going through chemotherapy yet.
I'm turning myself in to specialist doctors who are rather good thoughts.
For now, after this heavy surgery, I have to go back to some kind of usability.
I hope that everything will be fine, "said Kornel Morawiecki in a conversation with" SE "in January.
"If I had been examined too late, the situation would have been tragic and I would have said goodbye to this fallout..." he added.
Kraków: A 14-year-old is missing
Officers from the City Police Headquarters in Krakow are looking for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact us.
Missing on 26 September evening, she left her residence and has not returned to the present day, nor has she contacted her loved ones.
The last time she was seen was at Stary Guest Street in Kraków.
Nel Stokłosa is 14 years old, measuring 167 cm, has blond hair and grey blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was wearing a sweatshirt, grey pants and shoes.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact the police at 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The power of the lead jumps.
The title of coverage of amateur sports competitions, played on Sunday afternoon 15 September on the hippodrome at Oleandra Street in Oława, may be confusing for some.
To the true power the way is far away, but this is what one of the types of rivalry is called...
The competition of jumping power consists of the rider and horse overcoming increasingly higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed up to two meters.
It is worth adding that the longtime and still uncalled world record, set in 1949 by the Chilean Albert Larraguibel, on the horse "Huaso," is 247 cm.
So high in Oława of course no one jumped, but the result of the best local amazons at the level of 135 cm also does not belong to the worst...
The competitions organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other activists of JKS "In the saddle," were a show part of the "Rainbow equestrian competition" played there, about which we write more widely in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight Amazon women trained for riding at the JKS in Olawa joined the competition.
Four competed on ducks and four on big horses.
In the first group, Nikola Szołdra, the crazy Sprinter, performed best.
This small but dynamic steamer began by overcoming obstacles spread at a height of 40 cm, and finished only at the stationary with the upper beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he easily failed to give up and only after three consecutive refusals he was removed from the competition by the jury.
Second place in the pony jumps was taken by Amelia Pawlak, sitting "Famy," and third by Lena Borun on "Harmider."
Ambitiously fought the youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, galloping and jumping through obstacles on the small mare "Carmen."
Even greater emotions were accompanied by starters and viewers during the contest involving large horses.
The menacing falls were Paulina Szewczyk, sitting on the "Declaration" and Anastasia Abramenko, who was driving on the "Lotka."
Fortunately, nothing bad happened to the amazons or the horses, so they continued to participate in the competition.
A lot of problems with the introduction of the young mares "Vineta" into the parkur had Weronika Łuczkiewicz sitting her.
We needed either a coach's assistant or another couple's horse behind a little crazy "Vineta."
After the obstacle was passed from the parkway, she also slipped full of shit, so moments in boxing and on the expansion room were getting dangerous. "Everything is under control!" sedated Jan Sienkiewicz some of these frightened viewers, especially the youngest.
From the beginning of the big horses competition, Marta Masalska was great at the parkland, sitting beautifully presenting "Whisky."
This dignified mare, paired with an experienced amazon, behind the second approach in the final phase was the first to jump 135 cm and this was the best result of the competition at this point.
After a while, however, Paulina Szewczyk on the "Declaration," Weronika Łuczkiewicz on "Vineta" and Anastazja Abramenko on "Lotka" also counted the same height.
All these players went to the flo decoration and after the reception of the rewards in the form of equestrian equipment together, and at the end together with the amazons on the ponies in the tact of the Radecki march they made an impressive round of honour, ending it with these interesting and exciting competitions.
Thanks
Equestrian Sports Club "W Siodle" warmly thanks to the sponsors of the jump power competition during the 16th "Rainbow Equestrian Competition": the City Office in Oława, the Water Supply and Sewerage Plant in Oława, the Old Town District
Max Kolonko cuts off from KWW Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution
KWW The Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko is the name of the electoral committee under which the political formation # R Revolution of Mariusz Max Kolonka was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution directed its proposal especially to young right-wing voters.
Before the elections Kolonko announced cooperation with Mark Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions occurred, and KWW itself the Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko failed to collect enough signatures to issue letters in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko informed on Twitter that he ended cooperation with KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko.
"I will expect the aforementioned KWW to remove my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to connect my person to the aforementioned entity, "he added and announced that more information will be provided soon.
For now it is not known whether the journalist will continue his action, or whether it is the end of the # R Revolution formation.
On July 4, U.S. Independence Day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko, who was staying in the United States, announced the new political formation - # R Revolution.
In recent years Kolonko has become famous for running the Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and the world.
"We have enough politicians, enough of your stupid games, enough of your amateur governments.
It is time for the authorities in the country to take over the Nation and rule for the sake of the Nation, "Kolonko said at the time.
The party's agenda includes, among others, issues relating to the judiciary (should be chosen in general elections), tax changes (equalization of the tax-free amount for all), war reparations (in the form of military assistance to NATO's eastern flank countries, with particular attention to Poland), holding a referendum on the possession of arms, limiting the number of Members or introducing single-mandate constituencies.
A few days after the new political formation was announced, Mariusz Max Kolonko began talks with Mark Jakubiak.
At the end of July, Kolonko posted on his social media profile information suggesting that # R would join forces with the Kukiz '15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions eventually occurred.
UBS: Gold close to balance point
"The euro rate will continue in the coming months around the ceiling of PLN 4.35, which will be accompanied by a weak economic situation in global markets," announces Michael Bolliger from UBS Wealth Management.
"The expectations of maintaining a solid pace of economic growth and stable monetary policy support the stabilisation of the gold quotation on the current ceiling," the expert said in an interview with Bankier.pl.
In his opinion, despite the clear inflation pressure, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to raise rates in an environment where the vast majority of central banks ease policy.
"While the gold is properly priced - the quotations of the euro should persist in the next months around the ceiling of PLN 4.35 - Polish bonds are not attractive.
Much more favourable profitability than Polish securities is offered by emerging markets bonds, "says Michael Bolliger, Head of Asset Allocation for Emerging Markets with UBS Wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the downturn in the world.
"The global slowdown may even worsen, but there should be no severe recession, but at most a slightly below zero GDP dynamics," says Michael Bolliger.
"Investors should underestimate global equities that may be damaged by the lack of prospects for resolving the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risk factors, including the Donald Trump impeachment procedure and Brexit.
Among the share markets, Europe should behave relatively least, "according to the latest letter to investors by UBS Wealth Management chief manager Mark Haefele.
"Equities from euro area countries should behave worse than U.S. ones because they are more vulnerable in the conditions of increased uncertainty surrounding global trade and fear of slowing down," says the document.
According to Michael Bolliger, after the hossa on the safest bond markets pushed the profitability of German 10-year-olds even to minus 0.74%, it is still possible to deepen the decline in profitability.
However, long-term yields should no longer fall in the long-term, but only in the short-term, as a result of bank monetary policy mitigation.
The Fed has the biggest field for rate cuts, which should lead to a weakening of the U.S. currency over the next years.
The long-term balance point for euro quotations is the USD 1.29 ceiling, which would mean a 19% potential to strengthen the single currency to the dollar.
We expect further reductions in Fedu rates, which will result in a decrease in the global monetary policy gap.
"Maintaining the strength of the dollar in the long term may not allow the current account and budget deficits," says Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehra is losing its weapons.
Confidential German MON report
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has recorded the disappearance of 39 guns, 39 parts of weapons and 19 445 ammunition pieces, according to a confidential report from the Ministry of Defence of the Republic of Germany.
The news was provided by the media group EditorNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the parliamentary office of the Secretary of State at the MON, Peter Tauber (CDU), two weapons, one part of weapons and 3474 ammunition have so far been re-traced.
Among the military equipment still missing are six universal MG3 machine guns, 11 automatic G3 guns, four automatic G36 guns, six signal guns and two P8 guns.
In addition, 30 barrels for MG3 machine guns are missing.
The Vice-President of the Left, Martina Renner, expressed concern about the situation.
As she told RND reporters, the number of missing weapons and ammunition is "terrifying."
Even more so, as the result of investigations managed to find only a small part of lost equipment.
Martina Renner summed up the effects of these activities as a "miserable balance sheet."
She also criticized the fact that the report did not show whether there was also a weapon found during an investigation against Lieutenant Franco A. In December 2017, the federal prosecutor's office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a serious act of violence threatening state security and violating the provisions of the law governing access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing assassinations on leading German politicians of far-right and racist motives.
His "blacklist" of objectives, which fell into the prosecution's hands, included the then Minister of Justice Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green Party and Anetta Kahane, human rights defender and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung Foundation in Berlin.
Franco A. entered illegally into possession of four firearms, more than 1000 pieces of ammunition and more than 50 explosives.
Crying kids on the plane.
How to avoid them?
There's a solution
Japan Airlines has recently used a feature designed for people for whom travelling with a crying child is a nightmare.
Through the website, the lines allow you to check the schedule of seats on the plane.
If a given connection is traveled by minors up to the age of two, the "child icon" appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, a person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place away from that occupied by the toddler.
The BBC states that the lines have already reported the imperfections of this solution.
A "child icon" will not appear when the ticket has been booked by a third party or if there is a change of aircraft at the last minute.
As you'd expect, the idea divided the Internet users.
Some Twitter users point to the fact that the problem of travelling with crying children can be solved with noise-reducing headphones.
They're kids, we used to be kids.
"We need to learn tolerance because we will soon need a map of seating for mouth-breathing, drooling or drunk," wrote user G Sundar.
Another Internet user noticed that he used to be disturbed by crying children on a plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent himself.
There is also a lack of supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"Thank you for warning me of screaming children on a 13-hour journey," wrote Rahat Ahmed.
Majorca counts losses after bankruptcy travel agency Thomas Cook
More than 25 thousand foreign tourists will not arrive on holiday in October in Majorca as a result of the bankruptcy announced on Monday by Thomas Cook travel agency.
Marc Pons, a representative of the autonomous government of the Balearic Islands, reported on Friday that among 25 thousand holidaymakers who will not be able to take October leave in Majorca, there are also people who were to travel with companies indirectly associated with Thomas Cook, such as Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80% of the expected holidaymakers who due to the bankruptcy of the British company had to give up their holidays in Majorca next month are German and Scandinavian citizens.
However, according to Pons, as Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the Balearic island in November-April, the losses to the local economy will be lower.
He revealed that the Balearic government had already started negotiations with international operators on the "entry into the market of Majorca" after the bankruptcy of the British operator.
Estimates from the newspaper "Diario de Mallorca" show that more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs in October due to the tourist crisis in Majorca.
About 800 are fired employees of the Thomas Cook office in Palma.
Others will lose their jobs mainly in the hospitality sector.
On Monday, with the announcement of bankruptcy by Thomas Cook in many hotels in Majorca, the owners of the facilities demanded that guests pay an additional accommodation fee.
Several dozen tourists from Poland experienced this situation.
The Balearic government estimates that by Thursday, several dozen hotels in Majorca stopped operating at least until the end of October in connection with the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook and its cooperating companies.
On the other hand, Friday's Diario de Ibiza indicates that most Ibiza-based hotels that worked with the Thomas Cook group are not wearing the intention to close their facilities in the coming weeks.
The newspaper recalls that on this Balearic island, a British bankrupt cooperated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the autonomous Balearic authorities announced that they would ask the Spanish Government to support the region with EUR 100 million to cover losses caused by the announcement of bankruptcy by Thomas Cook's travel agent.
They revealed that the most affected tourists in this archipelago, about 36 thousand people, are located in Majorca.
According to data from the Balearic government, Thomas Cook is paying local tourist companies, mainly hotel operators, about EUR 5 million for the implementation of contracts for the period July-September 2019.
FIFA women's ranking.
Poland still on 29. place, USA at the forefront
Female Polish representation occupies 29. place in the International Football Federation (FIFA) ranking published on Friday.
In the same position, the team of coach Miłosza Stępińskiego was classified in the previous July compilation.
Weak personnel matches.
How will it be in October?
The leaders remained the American women who recently defended the world championship title.
The second place in the ranking was maintained by the German women, and the third was the Dutch.
Poles are preparing to qualify for ME.
They were supposed to start with an away match with Czechs on September 3rd.
The day before the meeting it was postponed by one year due to food poisoning of the opponents.
In this situation, Poles will launch the qualification with a meeting with the Spanish women on 12 November in Lublin.
Previously, "Biało-Czerwone" will play two social matches - on 3 October on a trip with Cyprus, and five days later in Kielce with Brazil.
Polek's rivals are the representatives of Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The winners of the groups and the top three teams from the second place are promoted directly to the final tournament.
The remaining six teams from the second position will play in the bars for the last three passes to the European Championship.
16 participants will be supplemented by the host - England.
The men's representation of Poland in the September ranking of FIFA fell from 20. on 22. deposit.
"Rom': Smog crushed the government
"The effects of the Clean Air Programme are low, and coal furnaces will kick as if never anything this winter," says the front page of today's "Republic."
"So far, the Clean Air Programme has submitted 82 thousand applications for funding totalling PLN 2 billion, of which 48 thousand decisions were positive.
The accepted applications amount to more than PLN 915 million, "says" Rz, "citing data from the Minister of Environment.
As the newspaper points out, only part of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the program.
The results of the announced noise program are judged to be "modest."
Local governments, quoted by "Roz," look at the failure of "Clean Air," among others, in too much bureaucracy.
"The program should be much simpler: e-notification, mail invoices, possible random execution control.
This would improve action, "says Jacek Wiśniowski, Mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński.
Activists from the Polish Smog Alarm note that in the first year of action less than 1% of the target of replacing 3 million excavating boilers was achieved.
As "Rz" notes, although the programme budget is PLN 103 billion for 10 years, i.e. PLN 10 billion per year, this amount is virtual.
"The budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management for this year is reserved with PLN 1.4 billion," it says.
Congress agrees to F-35 for Poland
Błaszczak: Now price negotiations
The U.S. Congress agreed to sell Poland 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft.
"This is one of the last steps before the contract, but not the end of our work," wrote Mariusz Błaszczak on Twitter.
"We will negotiate hard to reach the best price possible," the Polish minister added.
Contract for Polish F-35
The Polish Air Force has a target of 32 F-35 Lightning II fighters produced by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the U.S. State Department gave permission to sell them to Poland.
The Communication emphasises that the investment will support US national security and foreign policy by improving the security of the NATO ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
Information from the State Department shows that Poland is to pay $6.5 billion for fighters.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department noted that the contract will also include the supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, the performance of engineering, logistics and personnel services and related elements of logistics support and program and staff training.
Lockheed Martin fighters F-35
The F-35 Lightning II fighter manufactured by Lockheed Martin is a single-seat single-engine fighter of the fifth generation.
The aircraft is capable of carrying out a mission of close support, bombing and typically fighting air combat tasks.
Thanks to stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable for short-range radars.
Recently, F-35 fighters were bought by Belgium under a $4.55 billion contract.
The Belgians want to replace them with aging F-16.
Other US allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, are also to consider purchasing US fighter aircraft.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Professional dolls
Producer Barbie has launched a series of sexually neutral dolls.
This is how he wants to fight stereotypes.
Producer Barbie marketed a series of sexually neutral dolls
Next to Barbie with different skin colors, figure or hairstyle, Mattel introduced sexually neutral dolls for sale.
Toys from the "Creatable World" series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie has short hair or long hair.
Their wardrobe consists of both pants and dresses.
In a blink of an eye, dolls can become boys with girls and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
It was also abandoned to emphasize the distinctive sex features - gendered dolls no longer have full mouth, long eyelashes and a slim waist or - in the case of Ken - wide arms.
The company believes that children do not like when their dolls have sex norms imposed, and some parents and feminists are convinced that toys made for a particular gender inhibit girls' ambitions and strengthen traditional stereotypes.
"New dolls will allow all children to feel free," says Mattel.
The Barbie doll, which appeared on the market in 1959 in swimwear and high heel shoes, has been repeatedly criticized in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes," such as the unnatural proportion of the body.
The company has responded to criticism and has already put on the market dolls of different skin colors, as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls in the hijab.
Zandberg: wheel or club Together may have more than a dozen Members
Zandberg asked on ZET radio how many candidates of his party could get to the Sejm from left-wing groups lists (KW SLD from which the candidates for the SLD Sejm, Spring and Left Together, running with the common logo "Left"), replied that it depended on the outcome.
"I believe that the result of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people are connected with the hope that the Left is already not only right, but also strong," he pointed out.
According to Zandberg, the left may have 60-80 Members.
"This may mean that the circle or club Together will have more than a dozen deputies.
But it depends on Poles and Poles.
I will not guess and tell you how it will happen, "he said.
Asked if the Left Together would have a separate circle, Zandberg replied: "We have an agreement that we are diverse, and we will not pretend that this diversity does not exist.
I think that this diversity was rewarded by Poles, because we showed that we were able to agree on a common programme. "
Asked whether the biggest beneficiary of the joint launch was the leader of the SLD, Włodzimierz Czarzasty, Zandberg replied that he believed that the biggest beneficiaries were centre-left voters.
On the other hand, he said that the SLD would get the whole subsidy, "the aim of the political party is to represent its constituents."
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the elections to the Sejm.
In the case of the Senate elections, he pointed out that he was wondering.
"The offer is diverse and in this offer there are candidates and candidates to whom my heart is closer, but there are also those to whom my heart goes," he said.
"On the other hand, I will say very honestly and clearly that if I were in Senate District 44, I would take an electoral certificate and vote in another district," emphasised the politician.
"I probably wouldn't want to vote for Minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO - PAP candidate)," he added.
In this district outside Ujazdowski start the leader of Polish Citizens Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from PiS.
Dakar: The largest mosque in West Africa opened
Tens of thousands of people from all over Senegal gathered Friday in the capital for the launch of a huge mosque, considered to be the largest in West Africa.
Muslims arrived on buses, cars, and on foot in the Bopp district, where a new mosque stood, capable of accommodating 30 thousand faithful.
The facility was built by the Mouride fraternity, belonging to the ceiling stream of Islam, which dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago in a wetland of six hectares, donated by the government.
The name of the mosque Massalikul Jinan ("Paths to Paradise") is derived from the title of a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the 19th-century founder of the fraternity, worshipped by the followers as a saint.
The mosque is covered with Carrarian marble and has five minarets.
The highest is 78 meters.
The mosque in the middle will accommodate 15 thousand believers, and the other one can stay on the outer esplanade.
In the richly finished interiors you can admire the gold-plated dome, giant chandeliers and decorations handmade by workers from Morocco.
Builders say that the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but there is no comparison to mosques in other regions.
In Morocco, the Hassan II mosque in Casablanca can accommodate 105 thousand faithful.
The construction of the mosque, which cost over EUR 30 million, was financed by private donations.
The government, apart from land, has provided lighting, sanitation and funding for road works worth €10.5 million.
Coach Smała: Our problem is not Silesia, only we ourselves
The passage of eight league matches without victory the Crown footballers will try to break in Friday's meeting with the vice-elder of the Silesian Extras.
"Our problem is not wrocławianie, we ourselves, we have to work on what we play," emphasized kielczan coach Mirosław Smyła.
The last Crown footballers and so far the only victory in the league recorded in the first round when on the outing they defeated 1:0 beniaminek of the Raków Częstochowa games.
Later, the Kielczan recorded two draws and six defeats, and on Tuesday they lost 0:1 to Zagłębie Lubin in 1/32 of the Polish Cup final.
"I am optimistic that in the final seconds of the cup game, the footballers fought for a goal, wanted to recall.
Their fall on the turf after the last whistle was not due to a breakdown, but it was a fall of anger, because they were so close, "said Smała.
As he pointed out, Silesia has very strong wings, which is why he will be sensitising the team to play in the side sectors of the field.
"We are aware of the quality of our opponent, but we are also looking at what we want to play," the coach added.
In Friday's match in Koronie there will certainly be no pausing for the excess of yellow cards Ognjen Gnjatic, the cadre will also run out of injured Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski.
While it is upbuilding to apply for a cup match of several players willing to play.
"We have a headache, recently it seemed that he would be gone, and now he is," said Smyła.
Crown defender Daniel Dziwniel stressed that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the way of eight league matches in a row without winning, while in the Extras everyone can win with anyone.
"We're a good team.
In recent weeks we may not show it on the pitch, but the moment will come that we will win and believe it will be on Friday, "the footballer pointed out.
After nine queues of the Ekstraklasa Krona with the achievement of five points takes 15. position.
Silesia has accumulated 12 more and is ranked second.
Friday's match in Kielce will start at 20.30.
These trees can disappear completely from Europe
"42% of the species of trees that make up the stands of Europe are at risk," warns the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in the "Red Book of European Trees" published on Friday.
The list is headed by chestnuts and tinnitus.
IUCN, an organisation based in Gland, Switzerland, publishes a list of threatened species of European trees for the first time.
It was prepared by experts who concluded from the study that of the 454 species of trees found in Europe (as well as elsewhere in the world), 42% are "at high risk."
Among the causes the Red Paper lists the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, the most vulnerable are those trees and bushes that occur only or mainly on our continent.
As for typically European stands, 58% of species are at risk, according to IUCN experts, and 15%, i.e. 66 species of trees and bushes, are threatened with extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation the Red Paper lists errors in the exploitation of stands, accelerated urbanisation, too intense tree clearing, and further forest fires and changes occurring in the European ecostasy.
According to the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also strongly threatened.
'The consequences of human activity lead to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a danger in Europe of extinction of important and underestimated varieties that underpin European ecosystems and have an impact on the health of the planet, 'concluded Luc Bas, who heads the European IUCN Bureau.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I will not promise 600 +
"Today, PiS wants to bribe Poles by offering them for freedom of dispensation on credit, which they will have to pay back future generations," says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview with "Rzeczpospolita."
In his opinion, "the whole PiS policy is pic."
At the same time, the politician promises that "what is given will not be taken away."
Schetyna assures Jack Nizinkiewic that he has an idea to defeat the Law and Justice.
It's about mobilizing the electorate at the ballot box.
In his opinion, the opposition has more potential in this area than the Kaczyński party.
"Today, people who want to live in a normal state are more than supporters of PiS, a party that has embezzled preached values such as modesty, humility, transparency," says Schetyna.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic Platform also highlighted the basic assumptions of the electoral programme of the KO.
"Firstly, nothing that is given will not be received, but you need to set a direction for the future, because PiS deals solely with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even after dramatically low investments," he said.
Secondly, it is about "starting Poles' energy, helping and investing in those who work fairly - and those who are entrepreneurial."
Schetyna explains that the KO program includes, among others, a project which will give the least earning Poles more about 614 zlotys per hand and more earners - also several hundred.
The politician also pointed out that he did not want to race for a handout.
As he said, he will do as much as he can, but not promise 600 +.
"I will never allow the Greek option, where the rulers auctioned with the opposition for the handout until the financial collapse of the country eventually took place," he stressed.
Schetyna also stated in an interview with "Rz" that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"Pride walks before fall.
Kaczyński is such a statesman as Banaś is crystal, "he added.
The PO leader also said that he had not yet decided whether to apply for the Platform chairmanship.
Argentina: Six Dead Condors of Great
Six dead great condors were found in the Argentine province of Santa Cruz, according to the TVN24.
Experts believe that human activity contributed to their deaths.
Great condors have probably been poisoned with a means to kill predators such as pumas, foxes, and wild dogs.
Animals could eat toxic carcasses.
Apart from one young person, the rest of the dead condors were grown up.
"This is a big loss for the environment, because condor must reach 10-15 years to become fertile and capable of reproduction.
So we lose a protected species, an endangered species, "says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organization.
"I think the use of toxic bait and poison puts not only this species at risk, but all other life forms, including human health," he adds.
"Rom': They want a jewel for the President
Work has begun to give the head of state a precious chain.
The idea was supported by Andrzej Duda, according to the "Rzeczpospolita."
As the newspaper explains, it is about the golden chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insygnium officially called during the interwar period of the jewel of the Republic.
It was probably last used by President Ignacy Mościcki.
The "Rz" states that soon such a chain may be on Andrzej Duda's arms.
The Senate Committee on Human Rights, the Rule of Law and Petitions on Wednesday voted on a motion to work on the amendment of the law on orders and badges to restore it.
The journal says that this is not the first attempt to restore this chain to the head of state.
The Senate had already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it was lost by one vote.
This time the work is instant.
In early August, the senators took a few minutes to consult the President's Office.
This one came in mid-September.
"I kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in this petition," wrote then President Minister Andrzej Dera.
On Wednesday, the Senate Committee continued and again spent little time on the matter.
"The President's office answered us briefly: he is in favour of restoring this," said committee chief Robert Mamątow of PiS, quoted by "Roz."
He submitted a proposal for legislative work, which the committee supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through the intersection
The police action will be conducted at the intersection of al. Ciepliński from al. Piłsudski.
Uniformed actions are, as it were, related to recent complaints by city authorities against drivers who are not always able to behave properly at the intersection.
On Friday, 27 September, police officers begin preventive activities "Crossing crossings" in Rzeszów.
The aim is to eliminate obstacles to traffic: to enter the intersection without the possibility of exit, not to apply to light signals or road signs.
"We often think that we are alone at the intersection, and we are actually hindering the lives of other drivers," said Marek Ustrobiński, vice president of the city a few days ago.
His words were heard at a press conference at the town hall, at which the city authorities presented examples of the inadequate movement of cars at crossroads, resulting in traffic jams.
At the time, the President appealed to travellers to make sense on the road and, among other things, to move faster on the lights or not to write texts while driving.
The subject was taken over by Rzeszów police officers, who from today start the action "Crossing crossings."
What is it?
The aim is to eliminate the phenomenon of limiting crossing passes by drivers entering them without the possibility of continuing to drive.
This is a frequent offence that helps to increase traffic difficulties and create traffic jams.
It is threatened with a mandate of PLN 300 and 2 penalty points.
In addition, uniforms will pay attention to non-compliance with light signals or traffic signs and incorrect parking in the area of intersections.
They will also observe the lack of smoothness of driving, late moving from under the signals, free crossing and leaving too long distances between vehicles.
At what intersections will the actions be carried out?
Among others Lisa-Kuli Street, Jagiellonian Street; al. Ciepliński from al. Piłsudski; Targowa z al. Piłsudski; Śreniawitów Square from Dąbrowski Street or Hetmańska Street from al. Warsaw Insurgents.
Such shares in the capital of Podkarpacie will be held on the next Fridays of October.
They inspected the waste disposal company from "Kettle"
"Officials of the Department of Environmental Protection of Volominski County Old Age and the District Building Surveillance Inspection inspected on Friday an installation in the municipality of Zielonka, where waste from the" Czajka "sewage treatment plant in Warsaw is being disposed of."
Inspectors from Volominian old age carried out an inspection at a plant located in forests belonging to the municipality of Zielonka.
The Private Trade and Transport Plant "Dar-Trans' under the agreement with the capital sewage treatment plant" Czajka "performs bedding waste management services.
"Visual inspection of the installation was carried out and the entrepreneur was also asked to provide documentation related to his activities," said Szyszko.
He added that the follow-up report will be submitted to the Provincial Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw.
The last inspection in "Dar-Transie" was carried out by the Provincial Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw in the period 29 December 2015 - 11 February 2016.
It was then established that the company did not carry out sampling, measurements and tests of groundwater, and did not have the results of testing stabilised municipal sewage sludge from the sewage treatment plant "Czajka."
After the inspection of WIOŚ, Dariusz Sobota was called upon to stop violating the terms of the decision.
The Private Trade and Transport Department "DAR-TRANS' Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies receiving waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the treatment plant" Czajka. "
According to the decision to dispose of waste on the site of the excavation, waste weighing up to 60 000 tonnes per year is processed in the forest near Zielonki.
Warsaw City Water Supply and Sewerage Company reported last Thursday that at the turn of November and December 2018 STUOŚ was excluded from operation, which was related to damage to one of the incineration plants.
As the ICTY reported, the monthly cost of their exports is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01.01.2019 to 31.08.2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"You have taken up a difficult task, you can count on my total support," Lech Wałęsa told Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska on Friday.
"Mr President, these are very important words for me," responded the candidate of the Civic Coalition to the Prime Minister, the leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president stressed that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now "only a fan of retirement."
Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met on Friday with former president Lech Wałęsa in his office at the Gdańsk European Solidarity Centre.
The son of Wałęsa - Jarosław - took part in a brief conversation behind closed doors.
"You have taken up a difficult task," said Lech Wałęsa after the meeting.
"You can count on my total support," he added.
"Problems before Poland are known to us all.
Therefore, the great hope that you as a woman will deal with these problems, and we all - those who love Poland - will maximally support your actions, "said the former president, addressing Kidawa-Błońska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked for your support.
"Mr President, these are very important words to me because no one like you can talk about freedom, about the constitution and knows how important it is," she said.
"Let us show that you can do a different, wise policy, together, but according to the constitution, according to the law, according to respect for others.
We want to change Poland, "Kidawa-Błońska emphasized.
Fan retired
Wałęsa told reporters he was "just a retired fan now."
"Of course I'm looking at it.
I hope that we will reverse the course of events, that what was good, proven, (to this) we will return.
The three-party power is the most important, the constitution is the most important, the courts are necessary.
And all this needs to be cleaned up, all this needs to be restored to normal action, and I believe that this time we will do it.
Because if we don't, we have a street criterion, "said Lech Wałęsa.
"That is why it is so important that Poles go to the elections, think about it and make their own decision.
And that's the most important thing, "Kidawa-Błońska said.
"The last chance that we will improve the situation in Poland with a card," replied the former president.
"We need to build a new foundation"
When asked about the most important changes that should take place in Poland, Kidawa-Błońska said: "The president said very well.
We need to build a new foundation on which to do all the other things.
Since the three-party power does not exist, since the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and so that everyone knows that otherwise Poland will not move forward. "
ME volleyball players: Slovenia - Poland 3:1 in the semi-final.
Polish volleyball players clashed with Slovenians in the semi-final of the European Championship in Ljubljana.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussion with judges, with the Poles coach Vital Heynen in the main role.
"White and Red" lost 1:3 and will play for the bronze medal.
Senate decided on key laws
The Senate passed without amendments the law on the disclosure of family assets of the most important civil servants and on the flights of the most important people in the state.
52 senators voted in favour of the amendment to the law on the property of families of civil servants - without amendments - 14 were against, three abstained.
The senators therefore decided to reject 12 amendments tabled during the debate on Wednesday by PO senator Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were to "empower" the law and limit the scope of the information provided in the statement on the property situation of the own children, children of the spouse, children adopted to cases where children remain in the common household with the person required to make a statement.
The Act on the disclosure of the assets of the families of the most important civil servants, whose project was created at the Prime Minister's office, was passed by the Sejm on 11 September.
The rules assume that, among others, the Prime Minister, Ministers, MEPs, MEPs, Senators, Presidents of the Constitutional Court, the Chief Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as those at the head of other state institutions, will be obliged to include in the property statement information about the personal assets of spouses, children and persons in shared living.
Nor did the Senate propose amendments to the bill on the flight of the most important people in the state.
It regulates what flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government aircraft along with the most important persons in the country.
The Act also specifies who is responsible for keeping the Central Flight Register.
55 senators opted for the bill without amendments, 12 against, four abstentions.
According to the Act, each flight of the President will be a flight "performed on an official mission."
The President's flights will be accompanied by family members and others invited by the President.
On the other hand, the flight on the official mission of the Prime Minister and the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate will only be carried out in order to carry out tasks directly related to the function.
The Act also clarifies the list of people who can accompany the most important people in the country during the flight.
According to the rules, members of the delegation, invited Members, senators, public authorities and experts, may be on board the aircraft; persons providing technical, medical or organisational services; and also journalists.
According to the Act, if there are doubts about the flights of Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate, the Head of the KPRM will request an explanation of them.
If such doubts are not clarified within the prescribed time, the Head of the KPRM will be obliged to notify the Heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or of the Senate of the inability to organize such a flight.
New sport attorney
Waldemar Paluch appointed his attorney for physical culture, sport and tourism.
It was made Artur Świątek, longtime president of the University Club AZS PWSTE Jarosław, for the last 4 years director of the Office of the Rector of the Jarosław University.
Photo Bartholomew Pacek Arthur Świątek was recently strongly involved in the reactivation of basketball in Jarosław.
Arthur Świątek is not an anonymous figure in Jarosław sports environment.
A graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska since 2002, he has been an instructor at the State Higher Technical and Economic School in Jarosław and has been president for 15 years.
Poles after the first training in Paris, waiting for the last rival
Polish volleyball players held their first training in Paris on Friday, where they will compete in the bronze medal match on Saturday.
For Vital Heynen, Thursday's defeat with the Slovenians 1:3 in Ljubljana closed the way to win the title.
It was loud about their trouble traveling to this duel.
This time they did without such problems - on Friday morning they went with the Slovenians charter to Paris, and a few hours later they took training at the famous Bercy Hall.
According to the accounts of those present in the class, the trainer of the world champions was upset.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not just exercising volleyball elements.
"We went to the hall, but in the vast majority it was the time for the team.
It was about spending more time together than training.
Talk, think about how to rebuild it all as a team, "he reported.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the training staff.
"We were brutally brought to earth.
Without two sentences, we're disappointed.
We still believed we'd be back in this game.
We discussed this game with each other in staff, the coach talked a lot to the players.
As two main causes of failure, I would indicate inefficiency in attack and much worse than usual handling of situation balls.
The Slovenians were much better than us in this respect, "he analyzed.
In his opinion, "White-Red" did not stand in the way of stress, related to a performance against a loud and numerous audience of co-hosts of the tournament.
He admitted that the world champions could sleep a little smooth way to the semi-finals.
"Perhaps, if we had a similar style of failure in the group phase, we would have analyzed this lesson faster, and then we would have played differently in the next phase of the tournament.
But it was only if it was, "he reserved.
Gogol hopes that the anger of Thursday's defeat for the Poles can be turned into aggression in the bronze match.
"I hope that we will then show our true face.
There's something to fight about.
Most recently we won the ME medal in 2011, "he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city and France the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
In the group phase they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, for the first two group phase meetings they went to Apeldoorn, and for the semi-final they moved to Ljubljana.
Nick Kyrgios: strict but suspended punishment
The Australian tennis player received a 16-week takeoff ban and a fine of 25 thousand dollars - in a six-year suspension - for reprehensible words, gestures and actions at the last ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour activists are losing patience with Kyrgios, but they still give him a chance to improve.
A summary of the vices of the most uncovered professional tennis player in recent years looks threatening - 16 weeks break plus a large fine, but both penalties are halted for half a year - a trial period in which the wayward athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24 years old, but he has long settled for a tennis record - he had to pay the highest single financial penalty in his history for violating the rules of behaviour on and beside the court.
Loud curses, strange gestures, unport behavior, offending the judge and spectators, breaking two rockets during a losing match with Karene Khachanov - for all this after the August ATP Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati paid 113 thousand dollars.
At the US Open 2019 he also did not play long, but he managed to publicly say that the ATP activists "are corrupt," which hurt the authorities of the organization so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and after a few weeks gave the said verdict of suspending takeoff and another fine.
But the words of corruption were forgiven after hearing the blamed and knowing the context of the statement.
However, in the explanatory memorandum, the tennis activists stated that the investigation showed that Kyrgios' behaviour over the last 12 months has in many cases raised serious objections and constituted an almost continuous violation of the rules that he constantly insulted people associated with tournaments and spectators, hence a high penalty.
However, ATP gave it five days to bring the appeal and immediately postponed the execution of the judgment, ordering the fulfilment of several conditions within the next six months: The ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour Kyrgios can no longer in any way violate the rules of the Code of Conduct applicable to professional tennis players, in particular no more cursing, destroying rockets, arguing with judges and the public, or any other way to behave obscene and vulgar.
He also received a recommendation to seek "continuous support" from mental trainers during the tournaments and also in the off-season to consult people specializing in solving problems of athletes unable to cope with proper behaviour.
The first comment (on social media) by Nick Kyrgios to the verdict was: "Hey, everybody, I can still play.
I just have to control my behavior, that's all. "
In practice, the Australian will have at least a two-week break anyway, as he suffered a shoulder injury in the Laver Cup, so he had to give up his nearest starts in Beijing (30 September - 6 October) and Shanghai (6-13 October).
ATP Kyrgios ranked 27. place.
This year he won two tournaments - in Washington and Acapulco, he earned over $1.3 million, so even after the fines he will be left a lot.
CSO: Poland is living better and better
According to a report published by the CSO on household budgets on Friday, 44% of them rated their material situation as good or rather good.
The year before, this percentage was 37.2%, in 2016 33.5%, and earlier - since 2009, when the statistical office first examined subjective assessments of households - it never exceeded 30%.
In total 8.1% of households considered their material situation to be bad or rather bad, compared to 11.2% a year earlier and more than 20% in 2009.
The best situation is the material situation of households of self-employed persons.
In this group, more than 70 percent of respondents consider it good or rather good.
At the second pole are households of pensioners, where the proportion of such responses was only 18 percent.
The subjective assessment of the material situation of households is also greatly affected by the number of children.
The worst thing is for single parents, of whom 32 percent declare a good or rather good material situation.
Among couples with children, this percentage varies (depending on the number of children) from 55 to 60%, and among childless households is 48.8%.
The effect of the 500 + programme is clearly visible in these statistics.
Before it was launched (in 2016), the worst material situation was assessed by single parents and multiple families (with at least three children).
The improvement of subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles is a reflection of the rapid increase in income, mainly from work.
However, this is not all, because the percentage of households who consider their situation to be good increases faster than real incomes.
Moreover, at the level of voivodships there is no clear relationship between the level of income and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best assessments are formulated by residents of the Opolskie Voivodship, where 48.9% of the respondents consider their situation to be good or rather good.
There are further Lubuskie (47.7%), Silesian (47.6%), Masovian (47.3%) and West Pomeranian voivodeships (47.1%).
Meanwhile, in Opole, disposable income (i.e. after payment of taxes and contributions) was less than 94% of the national average, and in Lubusk 98%.
The highest income was made by the inhabitants of Mazowiecki (120% of the national average) and Silesia (104%).
On average in Poland the disposable income per person was PLN 1693 in 2018.
In real terms (after adjusting for the impact of price changes) it increased by 4.3% compared to 2017.
Against the background of previous years it's a fairly low result.
In 2016, income per person increased by 7% and a year later by 6.3%.
Although revenue growth slows down, it also hampers spending growth.
Those per person amounted to PLN 1187, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7%.
This is the first such case since 2013.
In 2017, spending per person increased by 1.9% and in 2016 by 4.3%.
Surveys of household budgets suggest that the statistical household currently spends 70.1% of its disposable income, while still in 2014 this share exceeded 80% and by 2006 was above 90%.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a sweeping blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared on the closed show of the brand "Patrizia Pepe."
Unfortunately, her styling was not a successful one.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is the wife of sporting journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in activities for women for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, speeches and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in the public relations industry with companies such as PZU, Red Bull, and Bayer.
As a journalist she worked in TVP1, TVN Style, Vision Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book "Mom and Dad Are Us," in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0 to 3.
She was involved in a number of projects aimed at providing support for professionally active women.
The shares it manages include the "Enterprise Women's Network," "Women's Business Lounge," "Women's Congress Association," or "Make Up Buisness."
She is privately married to Maciej Kurzajewski, a television presenter and sports journalist.
The couple have two sons, Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in a closed show of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe."
Natasha Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also took part in the event.
The intimate show could not take place without a wall on which the stars praised their styles.
Unfortunately, photojournalists picked up the gross mistake of Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman dressed a white bra under a black shirt that was passing through her tightly.
USA: Three suicides among the aircraft carrier crew
Three sailors committed suicide on board the USS George H. W. Bush ship last week, the U.S. Navy reported.
A total of five crew members of this ship have been killed in the past two years.
Previous suicide took place in July this year, and earlier in November 2017.
According to CNN, all three sailors shot themselves last week.
Every incident happened on land when the USS George H. W. Bush moored off the coast of Virginia.
So far, the participation of third parties has been excluded in the case.
Moreover, deaths are not to be linked.
"We need everyone to be involved in making suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to emphasize that there is no stigma or other repercussions related to seeking help, "Captain Sean Bailey, commander of the ship, wrote on Facebook.
Unlucky critically about the Pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In a conversation with Piotr Lekszycki Stefan Niesiołowski emphasized that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"In fact, every sentence was accepted."
Later there was criticism of some of his actions.
"For me, the fact that John Paul II could not eliminate the harmful activities of Rydzyk is placed a great shadow on his pontificate.
After all, this redemptorist - a pest of the Church and Poland - developed his media into the best during the life of Pope Pole, "he explained.
The former PO politician admitted: "There were mistakes of dissatisfaction, the pope said something, once Rydzyka did not accept, but he had power and for politics he could simply throw it out of the Church or send it on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to raise money for the poor there.
But John Paul II did not do so, like his successor, "explained Niesiołowski.
"Besides, there was this terrible issue of pedophilia and the actions of the Church, in fact their lack.
I had a little thought ahead, but I wanted to draw attention to his whole life.
We have known about the scale of pedophilia in the Church since relatively recently.
The question arises, how is it possible that John Paul II, being head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting matters, "he says in an interview with the journalist Niesiołowski.
In the opinion of the former politician of the Polish PO, the Church is an ally of PiS.
"It must be acknowledged that during the period of Solidarity the Church was our most important ally.
All the celebrations began with the Holy Mass, there were crosses everywhere.
Now these crosses are spelling, they have become a symbol of dictatorship - a sign of the spelling regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk shake up the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing about it and that today the Church is an ally of PiS.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which he will be paid heavily, "argued Niesiołowski.
"I hope that Pope Francis will chase Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few more of this type," he concluded.
HRUBIESZÓW: Tomorrow celebration of the 590th anniversary of the district
There will be a concert gala and bidding.
The jubilee gala will be held in the Hrubieszów House of Culture.
First at 10 o'clock, Santa Claus Church will begin Mass.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30 HDK.
The Hrubieszów Land Song and Dance Band will perform.
Young people from Stanisław Staszic's First LO will present a spectacle entitled "Hrubieszów County: Hence my race - here I live."
Then the medals "Deserved for Hrubieszów County" will be presented.
At 16 hour the event will move to the city promenade, where the concerts "Hrubieszów charity for Angelika Zińkiewicz" will be held.
Disco polo bands - NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and star of Mig evening will play.
There will be auctions, including feathers and porcelain of the Prime Minister.
The PZPN is sleeping with punishments for the stadiums.
Disqualified griffin
The Polish Cup clash between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk with a small hair did not end tragically, when the fans fired from Wejherow raca by millimeters passed the goalkeeper of the opposing team, Zlatan Alomerović.
After this incident, the game was interrupted for 20 minutes.
The PZPN committee investigating this case imposed a severe penalty on Gryph, excluding him from future games.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020/2021 season.
In addition, fans will not be allowed into the next match at their own stadium.
They won't be able to go to league games in groups until December 31st.
Burdy at Widzewa Łódź stadium was also caused by fans of Silesia Wrocław.
Here, however, the PZPN ruling was softer, because Silesia warned that similar events may occur and sensitised the relevant authorities in this matter.
Nevertheless, the services allowed the sector of Lodz fans to be thrown away by racks, arson chairs and push the sector of hosts.
This game was interrupted for eight minutes, and the intervening police had to use a water cannon.
PZPN sanctioned Silesia with a one-off stadium ban in the next match in the Polish Cup and prohibited the organisation of trips to matches in this and the next issue of PP.
The exit ban also included Ekstraklasa league matches, but there will last until 31 December.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to exchange markings on the whole managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie the implementation of the amendment of the regulation of the Ministry of Infrastructure on, among others, the recording of names of foreign cities on road signs also began in Polish.
For example, "Lviv" will appear next to "L'viv."
In our voivodship the changes will be made on 94 road signs set at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it's supposed to be easier, more readable and simpler.
The new guidelines result from the amendment of the regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety equipment.
"We should remember that the names of the villages in the neighbouring countries often also have Polish wording.
Thanks to the change we have prepared in the law, they will finally appear on the roadside.
The introduction of the new marking begins with the Podkarpackie section of the A4 motorway, "said Minister of Infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpacie, changes will be made to 94 road signs located at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total investment cost?
200 thousand PLN.
In the first place, the new marking will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is planned by 1 November 2019.
What is the realization of the idea?
It'll be done without replacing the boards, on a paste basis.
They will replace the currently functioning names of the village with new names written in Polish on already existing signs.
Both names will be written in one line - first in Polish and then in the original, in parentheses.
This will be a major facilitation for people who do not know the spelling of the names of foreign cities in the language of the country where they are located.
Feel the game together with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announced Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One - the world's first haptic-powered headset for Xbox One.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and provides better control over the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in the development of advanced haptic technologies that provide realistic touch-based impressions.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and smart digital signal processing to generate high-resolution real-time touch feedback, giving you the ability to fully immerse yourself in any Xbox One game.
The technology recognizes audio signals and transforms them into dynamic vibrations, so that players can feel the game without having to install additional software.
By using the sense of touch, sound signals can accurately mimic action in the game.
Razer HyperSense plays events - from silent steps to powerful explosions, precisely giving away all activities in the player's surroundings.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One is designed to give all players an extra game dimension.
With HyperSense we allow them to completely immerse themselves in their favorite titles, "said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President of Peripheral Devices Razer.
Rotary pavers are equipped with pillows filled with foam with shape memory and cooling gel layer to reduce heat generated during long use.
For even easier use of headphones, a quick silencing button was placed on the sliding microphone, and on the headphone housing the HyperSense intensity regulator and balance slider between the game and the cottage.
Self-clamping to the head shape of the baton band provides a seamless and accurate fit.
In addition, Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One has an Xbox Wireless feature that allows you to connect directly to the console without the need for a wireless transceiver device, allowing for easy and fast configuration.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic, providing a more realistic sound.
Razer Nari Ultimate, originally intended for PC computers, debuted on the market in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was valued at €219.99.
Somebody shot a swan from the wind.
In the pond in Zameczno, Lower Silesia, the inhabitants noticed a swan with wing problems.
After catching and visiting the veterinarian, it turned out that someone had arranged a target with the animal - in his body a wind shot was found.
"Information about the injured bird was received from the villagers of the Wildlife Rehabilitation Center in New Salt.
According to the report, the animal had broken wings.
We went to the scene.
It was immediately apparent that something was wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely so as not to hurt him and not expose him to extra stress.
The swan was taken and taken to a vet.
After the first photo of the RTG, it was already known that someone had made a shield out of it.
There were shrapnel fragments in his body, "says Marcin Walasek, president of Malpol, which manages, among others, a rehabilitation centre.
It's going to be in the resort.
"The wounds were cleaned, antibiotics were given to the bird, access to water was provided, a safe place in the resort where it will spend all winter.
We're trying to strengthen him.
She can't fly for now.
Releasing it now would mean that it would most likely not survive the winter, "adds Walasek.
After the swan has been rehabilitated, the staff intends to release him into the same pond in the spring.
The municipal authorities of Żukowice, after receiving information about the cause of the animal's ill health, intend to inform the prosecutor's office.
The incident happened in Zameczewo
Gowin: "we must stimulate Polish, small trade"
"Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, it will be necessary to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education, leader of the Agreement Jarosław Gowin on Friday.
During the conversation in the "Signals of the Day" in Radio Jedynka, Gowin stated that the trade is controlled by international networks which impose such low margins on Polish producers that Polish companies cannot thrive.
Note that this problem is very difficult to fight, the Deputy Prime Minister recalled that the PiS government tried to face at the very beginning of the term, but got a "counter on the part of the EC."
"We have won before the Court of Justice and I hope that if the United Right wins the next election and formulates the government, we will go back to that," he said.
At the same time, he pointed out that "effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish, i.e. small trade."
"This will have to be considered whether the government, the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Gowin.
In May, the EU court found that the European Commission had erred in finding that the Polish retail tax was illegal public aid.
The Retail Sales Tax Act provided for the introduction of two rates of trade tax: 0.8% on revenue between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4% on revenue above PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was to apply from September 2016.
In September 2016, the EC opened proceedings for infringement of EU law by Poland.
Brussels argued that the tax design could favour smaller stores, which could be considered public aid.
It then concluded that the tribute had been unlawfully implemented.
It also issued an order to suspend the application of the tax until its analysis by officials in Brussels was completed.
Poland disagreed with this position, but the tax collection was suspended.
The EU court decision in May opened the way for the tax to be reintroduced, but it has not finished the case.
On 24 July, the Commission lodged an appeal with the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the CJEU press services informed PAP that the case is currently in writing, in which both the European Commission and the Polish government make their arguments in writing.
For now, it is not known whether and when the oral procedure will begin, i.e. the hearing of the parties and a possible hearing.
It takes a good few to a dozen months to make an appeal to the judgment.
"Such proceedings take an average of one year," a source at the Court in Luxembourg told PAP.
How to dress a child for baptism?
We push a few practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of the infant and his parents.
It is often the first occasion on which the whole family focuses around the child, together celebrating his appearance in the world.
No wonder, then, that newly baked mom and dad want their comfort to look their best on this day.
However, before you make a final decision about your child's outfit, consider whether he will also be comfortable.
In shops you can find a lot of stylish ensembles that do not provide the toddler with proper comfort.
So what should be noted?
The basic criterion for choosing a dress for baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, several-week-old toddlers were baptized, arranged in white sets and put in the same becks or great pillows.
Today, children who join the sacrament are often older: several months, annual and even larger.
It is not difficult to know that such a large comfort needs a slightly different dress for baptism.
So if your child is 3-4 months old on baptism, he will probably spend the ceremony in a wheelchair or on the hands of his parents or godparents.
The best way to do this is to tune it into comfortable, cotton sleepers or ensembles.
Although this item of wardrobe is considered to be a daily outfit, it is enough to search for its sacred variants, for example with a falbank or lace.
For the boy, the body with bow tie and braces will be perfect.
For older children you can afford more fantasy in your dress.
The girl will look lovely in a simple, tulle dress
Many parents of girls miserably look towards richly decorated, falbanious baptism dresses complete with flats, bands and caps.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-respiratory materials in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In search of the right clothes it will be better to look at the store Asanti for Kids, which offers elegant outfits on cotton lining.
Delicate, tulle skirts, satin dresses, lace, apps and charming ensembles will make your little girl look lovely and comfortable.
Perfect outfit for little gentleman: cotton suit
Until recently, there was a fashion among the boys' parents for suits that were a copy of "adult" models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, stiff collars or cashews often made young elegants loud demonstrating their dissatisfaction.
Today, fortunately, they were displaced by comfortable cotton ensembles.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for Kids, which are soft, tracksuit shorts, and also a blouse decorated in front on the pattern of a vest.
These costumes look incredibly sacred and at the same time do not restrain the movements of the world-familiar toddler.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published a property statement
Krystyna Pawłowicz made a statement of assets at the end of her term of office.
It shows that the PiS MEP has accumulated 110 thousand zlotys of savings.
Recall that Pavlovich announced her departure from politics.
At the end of his term of office, he has the amount of PLN 110 thousand
According to the statement made by the Member, she receives a pension with a monthly value of PLN 4.7 thousand.
Pawłowicz has an apartment worth PLN 570 thousand and a little smaller, which he rents, collecting 880 PLN per month.
She also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at PLN 150 thousand.
Earlier the property statement was also published by Jarosław Kaczyński.
Vote on the break in the deliberations for the Conservative Party conference
British parliamentarians voted against a three-day break in the House of Commons for the annual programme conference of the Conservative Party, as requested by the government.
289 Members were in favour, 306 against.
It is customary that the House of Commons does not sit in party conferences so that Members do not have to give up either their participation or their parliamentary meetings.
However, the opposition parties felt that in such a crucial time as the last weeks before the UK's 31 October exit from the European Union, Parliament should not interrupt its deliberations.
289 Members were in favour of the government's request for a break, 306 against it.
Two opposition parties after conventions
The disagreement with the break may be perceived as political revenge on Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday the decision was declared unlawful and unlawful by the Supreme Court) and for not wanting to apologise for it after the judges have ruled.
Following this ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday and the most important event of the day was Mr Johnson's speech and the subsequent turbulent debate.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding early elections.
"It is time to implement Brexit.
It needs to be implemented to respect the outcome of the referendum.
Brexit must come so that we can deal with the agreement on citizens' priorities, on health care, on the cost of living.
Brexit must be realised so that we can unite this country, "Johnson said.
The Conservative Party conference is due to begin in Manchester next Sunday and run until Wednesday 2 October.
The conferences of the two main opposition groups - the Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats - have already been held.
One of the reasons Mr Johnson gave explaining the long suspension of Parliament was precisely the party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
"President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders," writes foreign media.
The president's spokesman has definitely dismissed these reports.
"It's just not true," tweeted Błażej Spychalski.
The Israeli media, including "Haaretz" and "Jerusalem Post," referring to the "Jewish Insider," write that Andrzej Duda, during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora in the Polish consulate in New York, declared that Israel was responsible for the last anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said that the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland was a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to the words of Israeli Foreign Minister Israeli Katz, who stated in February that "Poles sucked out anti-Semitism with breast milk."
Andrzej Duda said he regretted that Israel had not apologised for the humiliating statements of its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression against Polish ambassador to Israel Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by an attacker who shouted, "Pole, Pole."
"The quote is not only inaccurate.
It's just not true, "tweeted Błażej Spychalski.
He emphasized that Duda "never said that Israel was responsible for the last anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
According to Spychalski, the portal "invented it."
According to "JI" interviewers, the meeting also involved a dispute between the Holocaust survivor, the Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland, Edward Mosberg, and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg was supposed to agree with President Duda's words and say that it was Israel's Jews "like Israel Kac" who were responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to the sources of the portal, Boteach was supposed to interrupt Mosberg's statement.
Who is Banash and what did he fault?
A tenement house rented by suteners led a journalist to discover negligence in Marian Banasio's wealth statements.
We summarize another scandal that shook the ruling camp.
Journalists of "Superwizjera" TVN revealed that Marian Banaś, President of the Supreme Chamber of Control, has not entered a 400-metre tenement house located in Kraków Podgórze in the wealth statement in recent years.
Moreover, his lift was to drive in the aforementioned tenement house sexbiznes (so rent rooms for hours).
In turn the building itself was allegedly a guarantee of repayment of the loan since 2016.
The irregularities were highlighted by Bertold Kittel in the "Superwizjer" program.
The journalist revealed that from Banasio the tenement house was rented by people associated with the criminal world to use it as a place of "erotic encounters."
The clients were supposed to be men using prostitutes.
Banash answered the charges vaguely and cloudily.
Interestingly, a tenement house rented by suteners led the journalist to discover negligence in Banasia's wealth statements.
The house itself was described in them unclear, and the income from its rent was to be underestimated.
"The assets of Marian Banasia and his wife may be worth between PLN 6 million and PLN 8 million.
In total, spouses can boast of two houses, three apartments, savings... "writes Money.pl.
And according to the analysis of the portal, Banasia was already worth about 3 million PLN.
The Central Anti-Corruption Office currently controls Mariana Banasia's wealth statements for 2015-2019.
Banaś announced that he would suspend his business at NIK until it was completed. "I will apply to your marshal for free leave," he assured.
The opposition is demanding clarification.
"We do not hear the CBA expand its investigation or accelerate the investigation of Marian Banasio's wealth statements.
That is why we are forced to pull out the authorities of the state and make a notification of the possibility of committing an offence [...], "said Mariusz Witczak.
"If a normal Pole so grossly low priced the rental of his properties, he would already have 10 checks, tax domains and criminal and tax proceedings," he added.
He came up high, fell low
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Chamber of Control.
He was appointed on 30 August 2019 for a 6-year term.
His candidacy was tabled by the Law and Justice and by the votes of the party's politicians.
Previously Banaś was associated with NIK from 1992 to 2005., he acted in this institution as an associate of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first PiS governments (2005-2008) Banaś held the post of Chairman of the Customs Service and the Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015 he has once again sat on the stool of the Head of Customs Service and since 2017 has managed the National Revenue Administration.
Banash served for 3 months as Minister of Finance in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki.
Cooler Master launches a handle for graphics cards
Graphics cards can now weigh a lot, and this naturally makes room for the category of products that it would be vain to look for on shop shelves a decade ago.
This is the solution - the handle for the graphics card ELV8 RGB - presented by Cooler Master.
The new graphics card handle model is not only a functional solution that allows you to maintain your graphics card more confidently without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-express slot.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task - decorative.
"Rzeczpospolita": Ignoring a police officer's orders will be punished
According to the newspaper, ignoring a specific conduct warrant issued by a police officer is meant to be a new type of offense, threatened with a fine, detention or restriction of freedom.
Police trade unionists want to make such a change.
The idea went to the Sejm's Committee on Petitions.
"The case is serious, because now more than half a million transgressions go to the Polish courts every year," we read.
The "Republic" has determined that the petition, which the Independent Police Trade Union writes to Members on amending the Code of Offences, has a chance to succeed.
The petitions propose a new wording of Article 54a of the Code of Infringements.
It would read: "Whoever does not comply with the request or order of a public officer, issued within the limits and under the provisions of the law, is punishable by arrest, fines or restrictions of freedom."
"Couple. 3 of this provision speaks of an identical penalty for those who, by failing to execute orders, will prevent or impede the performance of their duties, "says the log.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told the "Republic" that although he agrees with the main message of the proposal, he fears that if implemented, it can be used in political matters of manifestations.
"In situations of freedom demonstrations, this would be disadvantageous, and instead of alleviating the situation, it would be exacerbated," he adds.
According to the statistics reported by the newspaper, 86% of citizens gave a positive assessment of police interventions in 2018 and that each month the services take 1.5 million interventions in the city.
Buras worries about Europe
Jáchym Topol writing a mother in blood.
His ancestors include editors, translators, writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important postwar playwrights of the Czech Republic, mentioned today in a row with Václav Havel.
So the curse of talent that Jáchim was trying to exploit from the beginning was hanging on.
After eight years he returned with "Sensitive Man."
The heroes are Buras and Soňa along with two sons, who, however, do not form a typical Czech family.
They are traveling actors, they travel around Europe.
He's a Shakespeare lover and a thief, she's a one-eyed translator who doesn't break up with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys has not made a sound since birth, and for the other the time has stopped in infant times.
But it's not the heroes who are most important in this story.
All of them are just the background to observing a world where artistic nomads no longer have room.
It's a world of brazen province, a society of old, suspicious people and loose youth.
A "sensitive man" turns into an absurd theater.
The narrative imitates didascals, and the talks of heroes create this world.
The scene is a Europe full of concerns about its future, but also of constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancelled 105 flights due to Thomas Cook bankruptcy
Although the British travel agency Thomas Cook has fallen, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann is functioning.
However, the company has problems.
Brussels Airlines announced that they will cancel 105 flights in October due to problems with Thomas Cook's bankruptcy, according to VRT.
Neckermann also fired 75 employees.
All trips with the office that have been booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but holiday workers will be able to receive a refund.
The Court of Ghent also declared the bankruptcy of three Belgian daughters: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, around 12 thousand Belgians are abroad on trips bought at Thomas Cook.
Another 40 thousand people were due to leave the office by the end of the year.
As late as Monday, Thomas Cook Belgium spokeswoman Leen Segers said that the company was now "fully operational" despite the bankruptcy of the British mother company, which caused concern among employees and customers.
The office was reassuring that the clients who bought the trips in it would go on holiday.
Thomas Cook - the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies in the world - declared bankruptcy at night from Sunday to Monday.
The direct cause of bankruptcy was the collapse of last chance talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
Creditors demanded that in addition to the £900 million rescue plan already agreed in August, the company gain an additional 200 million as collateral for the winter period, when travel agents tend to have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems have been growing for several years, resulting in a debt of GBP 1.6 billion.
Michał Kubiak after the game with Slovenia (1:3).
"I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
We played very poorly.
This tournament is not over for us yet, "said Polish volleyball team captain Michał Kubiak after a 1:3 defeat with Slovenia in the European Championship semi-final.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for a review
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion - such an unusual offer prepared for German arrivals Görlitz.
The aim is to help combat the continuing decline in the city's population.
Görlitz is Germany's easternmost city.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140 thousand tourists annually.
However, as "The Guardian" writes, the city is facing significant problems.
In Görlitz there are the lowest wages in Germany.
The city also struggles with a steady loss of population.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them left for the west of the country, which translated into a 25% decrease in the city's population.
It was 2013 thousands of people 54 year.
To fight with depopulation, officials came up with the idea to start offering free monthly accommodation in the city.
So far, 150 applications have been submitted to the programme.
Two thirds of them were made up of large cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom were also interested in the programme.
"When we applied, we thought the program was supposed to convince people to move to Görlitz," said one of the project participants.
"Now we feel that it doesn't matter whether we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has seven thousand vacancies, and unemployment is three times higher than the national average.
Although the city authorities hope that some will move permanently, the main objective of the programme is to obtain the views of the programme participants.
Information collected from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revive smaller German cities.
"We want to know more about what people need, and if they decide to move - what their motivation was," said Robert Knippschild, responsible for the program.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents, offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals for life and work in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy or in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States.
