Father Joseph Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He is charismatic.
Crowds gather for his Holy Mass for deliverance and healing.
He was several years old when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, through the Franciscan, others experience it.
The masses for deliverance and healing, celebrated by Fr Witko, attract crowds.
Once the parents of a 7-month-old child came to him, who had a 7.5 mm hole in his heart.
It was supposed to be operated.
Father Józef Witko prayed for him.
On the same day, the boy was taken to hospital for treatment.
Astonished doctors said: “surgery is not needed, the loss is only 1.5 mm.”
My parents cried out of happiness.
After another prayer the Franciscan hole disappeared completely.
The priest began to experience extraordinary actions of the Creator as a teenager.
In his dreams the souls of Purgatory came to him asking for help.
I was awakened at night and urged to pray for the dead and those who died at the moment,” he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what was happening to a man who commits mortal sin.
“My body started to change.
I lost human qualities and started taking on the appearance of an animal,” he says.
Invisible force lifted him up, he couldn't get his voice out of himself.
He felt he was lost.
Then God pointed to his rescue.
“Immersed in the waters of a river symbolizing holy baptism, I was freed and returned to human form...”, he says.
He didn't tell anyone about these strange experiences.
The vocation matured in it.
He was 16 when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons he not only wanted to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience him alive.
Members of the charismatic community of renewal in the Holy Spirit
The Mass for healing celebrated by father Witko is attended by many people who hope to get rid of the disease.
However, the priest emphasizes that their main purpose is spiritual healing, not bodily healing.
Kolping's first defeat FRAC Yaroslav
This afternoon (26 September) Kolping FRAC team deservedly succumbed to the current Polish champion Dartom Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki as part of the 3 rd LOTTO Superliga table Tennis.
In such a personal juxtaposition as they presented with the peasants, the Yaroslavans have little chance of winning with the league's sovereigns.
This was clearly demonstrated by the duel with Dartom Bogoria.
Chen Jingqi, the team's leader, is still missing.
Perhaps with him in the squad, the Yaroslavans would reach for a third consecutive triumph in the new season.
Young Asian Qiyao Han has probably not yet grown up to win against the likes of Greek Panagiotis Gionis and Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most promising Poles, that is Marek Badowski.
The player from Hellada was the biggest star of the duel in the MOSiR hall at Sikorskiego Street in Jarosław.
Both in the clash with Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei was class for themselves.
After three fights, Kolping FRAC led 2-1.
Kou Lei probably played Marek Badowski, and Daniel Górak after an emotional five-set fight - Pavel Siruck.
But then it was worse.
Gionis didn't give Lei a chance.
One could still hope to win by two points, but Qiyao Han did not meet Badowski.
There will be no additional research for seniors.
Why?
According to the announcements of Rafał Trzaskowski, a program of free preventive tests for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it has not gained the approval of the Ministry of Health and its subordinate Agency for the Protection of Medical Technology and tariff treatment.
In a statement, the agency explained that the target group had been badly selected.
“The above actions may even result in the detection of individual disease units, which may contribute to the deepening of difficulties in accessing NFZ benefits and negatively affect the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with the false positive result of the research”, it was written.
The ministry's decision is not understood by the president of the capital.
“money is ours, we have provided money for it.
Only the government is afraid that if people are investigated, they will then go to the doctor, which is absurd, because it is about leading to a situation in which prevention can be done faster.
All specialists know that this helps in terms of the burden on the health system, because it helps in the rapid detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand“ , said Rafał Trzaskowski.
“I find it hard to imagine that experts say: Let's not investigate because there will be longer queues at the doctor, and if such specialists advise the government, I am not surprised that there is a health service in this state,” the politician added.
Palestine responds to Israel: we will break all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas announced at a session of the UN General Assembly on Thursday that he would break any agreement reached with Israel if the country's future government tries to meet Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement of annexation of occupied Palestinian lands.
“If the future Israeli government that will be formed proceeds with this plan, we will cancel all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made,” he said.
“We will reject completely and completely the whole plan,” Abbas threatened with pressure.
“It is our duty to defend all our rights with all possible means - no matter what the consequences will be - by fully engaging in the application of international law and in the fight against terrorism,” said the Palestinian Authority president, who had already made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, Israel's former prime minister, was re-elected to form a government after the September 17 election.
A week before the election, he announced that if he wins, he would announce the annexation of the Jordan Valley and would include all Jewish settlements in Israel throughout the West Bank.
In the early 90 s, Israel and the Palestinians, led by Jaser Arafat at the time, signed a series of peace agreements under the patronage of the United States.
The 84-year-old Abbas also promised to hold a general election on Palestinian soil during a session of the UN General Assembly.
The last one was held in 2006.
“Upon my return to the country, I will convene local elections in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem and all those who oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community,” the Palestinian president declared solemnly.
Abbas also defended in his speech the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the United Nations, to exercise the powers of “full members of the United Nations and all its bodies and institutions.”
The Palestinian leader ended the speech by calling on the international community to “force Israel to comply with the United Nations's provisions with all due respect.”
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas' speech, saying the Palestinian leader “prefers to focus in the United Nations on the Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel than to fight against calls for terrorism in the Autonomy under his leadership.”
But Danon, according to the agencies, did not refer to Netanyahu's announced annexation of occupied Palestinian lands.
Rescuers want defibrillators at critical points in Przemysl
The story from the border crossing shows that an automatic AED defibrillator can save lives.
The Provincial Emergency Preparatory Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be placed in critical points of the city.
For their attitude, the officers received congratulatory diplomas from the Voivodeship Rescue Service Station in Przemyśl.
Applicant Daniel Cyrnek, Senior applicant Grzegorz Bal and Commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Podkarpackie tax Office in Przemyśl.
On August 28, they served at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medica. a Customs and fiscal Service officer noticed an unconscious man lying in the pedestrian zone.
A Chinese activist has died in custody as a result of torture.
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the constitution
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, was called by the Communist Party secretary from her home village on September 23 to report that her husband had just died in a military hospital in Hengyang.
Which was the cause of death, he did not reveal.
In the morgue, Cao saw her husband's body massacred, unrecognizable.
“His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were all in his blood,” says the woman.
“They didn't let me take my cell with me, and there were a lot of police officers around who didn't get close to Wang.”
Police pressed her to sign a statement that her husband was seriously ill and died of an “unfortunate accident.”
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million of funding will go to companies from the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
The National Centre for Research and Development announced the results of the third edition of the GameINN programme on Friday.
Among the nearly 30 projects supported by the NCBR were, among others, the development of a platform for the creation of field games based on an AR game engine creating a map of the real world together with an application enabling the transfer of data by users; a test and training platform for verification of practical skills at the workplace and professional improvement using VR and AI technology; an innovative game simulating the management of real production processes using THE AP virtual interaction concept and the PCBR submission on Friday.
The aim of the GameINN sector programme is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish video game industry on the global market in the perspective of 2023.
According to the NCBR, the Polish video game sector is already growing at a rate of 10% per year.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 amounted to PLN 1.85 billion, while the forecast for 2019 is 2.23 billion.
“The specially prepared GameINN research agenda and the support already reaching PLN 300 million for entrepreneurs under this sector programme provide an important impetus for further dynamic growth of the Polish gamedevu”, reads the release.
The video game industry is an excellent example of effective use of the potential we have in Poland.
“The incentives introduced by the government for innovative entrepreneurs, such as R & D incentives, competence improvement programmes, IP box or support programmes implemented by the National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR) drive innovative activities of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a very competitive market”, says Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and higher Education Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the release.
The head of the Ministry of Science points out that money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of financing projects, but also stays in their pockets – three quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from the relief for R & D in 2018 than a year earlier.
“The amount of deducted costs related to R & D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in over PLN 300 million in savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is the equivalent of the support provided by the National Centre for Research and Development in three editions of GameINN“ , emphasizes the Deputy Prime Minister.
Director of the National Centre for Research and Development Dr. Wojciech Kamieniecki reminds that 78 innovative projects were awarded in two previous co-financing competitions with a total value of over PLN 211.2 million.
The great interest in the third competition and the variety of applications submitted show that the video game industry has ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
“It is particularly pleasing that among the selected projects – as in previous editions – there are projects concerning solutions not only for entertainment, but also related to industry 4.0”, he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, a consortium of entrepreneurs and a consortium of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding amounting to up to PLN 20 million.
The National Centre for Research and Development received 87 applications for the total amount of co-financing of approx. PLN 317 million.
The budget of the competition at the time of the announcement of the competition was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects were granted almost PLN 105 million in funding.
Detailed information about the results of the 3 rd GameINN competition is available on the ncbr.gov.pl ncbr.gov.pl website.
The GameINN sector programme is implemented under the Smart growth operational programme.
NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to the initiative of entrepreneurs associated in the Polish Games agreement, which includes such companies as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober team or 11 bit Studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga pleads guilty to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident occurred on September 16.
Dolberg, who arrived from Ajax Amsterdam to Nice at the end of August, realised after training that his watch had disappeared from the locker room.
Not exactly what, because it's worth 70 thousand euros.
The furious Danish did not attend classes the next day, explaining his stomach problems.
The case has been puzzling from the beginning.
Players in the locker room have private safes at their disposal and the club area is monitored.
Diaby-Fadiga eventually confessed to the theft, according to AFP news agency.
The 18-year-old has already apologised to Dolberg and other teammates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised the Danish to pay back the money for his watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most promising young players in France.
He joined Nice as a three-year-old to make his debut in the first team three years later.
He has played seven games this season.
He recently signed a professional contract but, according to the L' Equipe newspaper, the club is likely to resolve it with immediate effect.
For now, he has launched disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, refuses to comment on the matter.
Make sure you wash your hands well
We all know that they need to be washed (e.g. after coming home or before meals).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it in the right way.
This is especially important now that autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
And yet most of us wash them shorter!
Warm water and ordinary soap are enough – it is not true that it has to be antibacterial (many doctors even discourage it).
Washing, we rub not only the soles and tops of the hand, but also: fingertips of the fingers (connected or individually) – rub them with circular movements about the interior of the other hand, spaces between the fingers (weave your hands, rubbing your fingers about yourself), thumbs – each thumb covers the other hand and in such embrace we turn it a moment to the right and left.
In an emergency situation (when you cannot wash your hands) you should wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief, and then use an antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from 5 zł).
After using the public toilet do not touch handles or doors with washed hands (recommendation of the main sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them through a paper towel.
Iran's president says he rejected proposal for talks with US, Donald Trump denies
Tehran has not entered into talks with the American side at the United Nations General Assembly in New York, despite the American offer to lift sanctions, Iranian President Hassan Rowhani said on Friday.
Us President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side that asked to lift the restrictions, which he did not agree to.
According to Iranian President Hassan Rowhani, the Americans have proposed lifting all sanctions imposed on Tehran in exchange for negotiating a new international agreement.
It would regulate both Iran's nuclear program and its ballistic missile program.
Rowhani: Iran will not hold talks under maximum pressure
Iran's president said he did not agree to the talks because of the “toxic atmosphere.”
He said he had met with American diplomats because he had succumbed to suggestions from France, Germany and the United Kingdom.
But he stressed that Iran would not engage in talks in an atmosphere of “maximum pressure.”
“And even if we want to negotiate with the Americans in a 5 +1 format, no one can predict what the final outcome will be,” Rowhani said.
A day earlier, the Iranian leader said he did not rule out talks with the US and accused European parties to the nuclear deal of favoring US sanctions on Iran.
He added that sanctions imposed on Iran following the US withdrawal from the nuclear deal “are a prerequisite that does not allow” for dialogue.
If we can lift this precondition and if America lifts sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America,” he declared.
He added that he did not rule out a meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump, even though he did not agree to such a conversation in the past week at the United Nations General Assembly.
Trump: “Iran asked, I said no”
President Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that he rejected the Iranian request.
“Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them so that we could meet.
Of course I said “no!” the US president tweeted.
Tension with nuclear deal in the background
France, Germany and Britain are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran in some form to save the 2015 Iran deal, of which they were signatories.
It said that in exchange for lifting economic sanctions, Iran would abandon its nuclear weapons program and the nuclear sector would be under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the withdrawal of the US from the agreement in May 2015, other signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in force.
For now, nothing has come out of it.
Washington is using tactics to put maximum pressure on Iran, and sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran has announced that if it does not receive a permit to export raw material, it will limit its obligations under the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESZÓW: Cabaret near Wyrwigrosz
We have tickets for you!
The cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will perform on 6 October at 16 in Hrubieszów House of culture. in Hrubieszów.
The cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will present a program entitled “Tra ta ta ta”.
There will be, among others, talks about pop-up drinks and about Toruń geothermal.
Tickets are 60 PLN, you can buy them in HDK, as well as on the biletowakasa.pl biletowakasa.pl website.
For TZ readers we have free tickets.
How to get them, check out our Facebook profile.
The judge of the Provincial Administrative Court in Warsaw and the husband of heiress Emilia, who, according to her words and screenshots from WhatsApp, participated in stalking against the judges, was reinstated on Wednesday to be adjudicated by the NSA.
Reason: disciplinary proceedings have not been initiated against him, so there is no basis for upholding the order of WSA President Wojciech Mazur to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a disciplinary spokesman for the NSA, opened an investigation into Szmydt at the end of August, but it has not yet turned into a case against him.
Although the NSA, which acts as a disciplinary court in such cases, must deal with the decision of the President of the WSA within one month of its release.
In this situation, a judge who spoke publicly about his wife's mental problems in order to discredit her, who due to suspicions of participation in the Hejter group was removed from the office of the National Court Register, will return to adjudication and will issue judgments on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his involvement in the heir group.
He says there is no evidence of this except for the fake screenshots and words of his wife, with whom he divorces.
This is exactly what other judges associated with the “caste” say: everyone is innocent, there is no evidence.
And quite possibly they will bet on their own.
Because prosecutors did not stick a finger to secure evidence from their electronic media, they also remain silent about the contents of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which she stopped in June in another case.
Police did not stick a finger to secure the devices of people whom Judge Waldemar Żurek pointed out as persecutors in a February report.
There is no evidence - there is no Shmydt case, there is no “caste” case.
There is also no case of THE head of THE NIK, Marian Banaś, for renting a tenement house to suteners and hiding income.
The CBA is reviewing his property statements.
And he will check when he checks.
And the Commission of Deputies Ethics will not deal with Banasia, because the Seym is suspended (but the Commission of State control somehow gathered to make a curiosical decision about dismissing the deputies of Banasia and appointing his lawyer as a p.o., although the law does not provide for such a strange combination).
The whole thing reminds me of a film novel, American probably, about how my wife comes home and finds her husband with her lover in bed.
She is so amazed and devastated that she cannot extort a word.
She stands in the door and at that time the lover quickly jumps out of bed, dresses and goes out.
And her husband makes a bed.
When the wife regains her voice and screams: what is it supposed to be?
Who is this woman?
The husband calmly asks: What kind of woman, darling?
Only that there is a parody of the state in the case of “Kasta” or Banasia.
And it's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: signing an agreement with a certified auditor to audit financial statements for 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S.A. informs that on September 27, 2019 it signed an agreement with Premium Audit Spółka z o.o. with its registered office in Poznań at ul. Czartoria 1/1, entered under the number KRS 0000540136 in the Register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court of Poznań – Nowe Miasto I Wilda in Poznań, VIII commercial Division of the National Court Register, entered into the list of 392 entities entitled to audit.
The subject of the agreement is to audit the financial statements of Maxipizza S.A. for the following financial years: a. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, c. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in high jump final
Earlier this season, she returned to competition after a maternity break, the 2017 World Championships bronze medalist from London, in the first attempt she defeated 1.85 and 1.89 and in the second 1.92.
1.94 managed to get it only in the third approach.
“I'm happy.
I showed that I can fight because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I will have to jump better technically,” Lićwinko admitted in front of the Eurosport camera.
In the qualifiers, the best were American Vashti Cunningham and Belarusian Karyna Demidik - after 1.94.
Both players are the only ones who have not dropped any heights.
The women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
Beginning at 19.30 Polish time.
Kornel Morawiecki remains in hospital in serious condition
He was taken to hospital and doctors described his condition as severe.
You have to add that he is conscious and conscious.
“We believe that he will come out of it, that he will win again.
We all pray that he will recover,” an anonymous close person, Kornel Morawiecki, said in an interview with reporters of “Super Express.”
In the upcoming elections, the Prime Minister's father is running for the Senate.
“My closest family and politics keep me alive,” Kornel Morawiecki said in an interview he gave to reporters two weeks ago, “Super Express.”
In January, Super Express reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki had been taken to the military Hospital in Wrocław for testing.
“I had strange, disturbing symptoms and I reported to the hospital.
It came out that I had jaundice.
But the worst was in front of me.
When a computer tomography examination was performed, it was found that I had pancreatic cancer...“ , said the Prime Minister's father.
A few days later, Kornel Morawiecki underwent a serious operation at the MSWiA hospital in Warsaw.
As Morawiecki said, president Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain priest Zbigniew Kras to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and was successful.
“I know that many people prayed for me for which I thank you very much.
Fortunately, I don't have metastases.
I don't know if I will undergo chemotherapy yet.
I put myself in the hands of specialist doctors who are rather good thinking.
For now, after this heavy operation, I have to go back to a state of usability.
I hope everything will be fine,” Kornel Morawiecki said in an interview with “SE” in January.
“If I had submitted to the investigation too late, the situation would have been tragic and I would have said goodbye to it already...,” he added.
Krakow: missing 14-year-old
Officers from the Municipal Police headquarters in Krakow are searching for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone with any information about the missing is asked to contact us.
She disappeared on September 26 in the evening and has not yet returned or made contact with relatives.
She was last seen at Stary Gościniec Street in Cracow.
Nel Stokłosa is 14 years old, measures 167 cm, has blonde hair and grey blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was dressed in a sweatshirt, grey pants and shoes.
Anyone with any information about the missing is asked to contact police at 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The power of leaps.
The title of the coverage of the amateur sports competition, played on Sunday afternoon, 15 September on the Hippodrome at Oleandry Street in Oława, may be confusing for some.
The road to real power is far away, but this is the name of one of the types of horse rivalry...
The competition of the power of jumping consists in the rider and the horse overcoming ever higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed even two meters.
It is worth noting that the long and still unbeaten world record, set in 1949 by the Chilean Albert Larraguibel, on the horse “Huaso”, is 247 cm.
So high in Oława of course nobody jumped, but the result of the best local amazons at the level of 135 cm is also not among the worst...
The competition organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other JKS activists “in the saddle”, constituted a demonstration part of the “Rainbow equestrian competition”, which we write more about in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight amazons joined the competition, training horse riding in the Oława JKS.
Four competed on ponies and four on large horses.
Nikola Szołdra performed best in the first group, sitting on the crazy “Sprinter”.
This small but dynamic rumor started from overcoming obstacles spread at a height of 40 cm, and finished only at the stationary with the upper beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not give up easily and only after three consecutive refusals was he removed from further competition by the jury of the competition.
Second place in pony jumping was taken by Amelia Pawlak, who got “Fama”, and third by Lena Boruń on “Harmider”.
The youngest participant of the tournament, Inga Aksman, was ambitious, galloping and jumping over obstacles on the small mare “Carmen”.
Even greater emotions accompanied the competing Amazon and spectators during the competition with the participation of large horses.
The dangerous-looking falls included Paulina Szewczyk, who sat on the “Declaration” and Anastasia Abramenko, who was riding on the “flight”.
Fortunately, apart from the minor bruises, neither the Amazon nor the horses did anything wrong, so they continued to participate in the competition.
A lot of problems with introducing the young mare “Wineta” to the parkour were experienced by Weronika Łuczkiewicz.
You needed either a trainer's assist, or another horse for a couple, behind which a little crazy “Wineta” slipped.
After passing the obstacle from the parkour, she also descended with a full shaft, so sometimes in the boxes and in the expansion room it was dangerous. “everything is under control!”, calmed Jan Sienkiewicz a little this scared viewers, especially the youngest ones.
Since the beginning of the large horses competition Marta Masalska has done a great job on the parkour, sitting down beautifully presenting “Whisky”.
This distinguished mare, paired with an experienced Amazon, followed the second approach in the final stage as the first jumped 135 cm and this was the best result of the competition at that moment.
After a while, however, the same height also included Paulina Szewczyk on “Declaration”, Weronika Łuczkiewicz on “Wineta” and Anastasia Abramenko on “Lotka”.
To decorate Flo and to receive the prizes in the form of equestrian equipment, all these competitors went together, and finally, together with the Amazons on ponies in the tact of Radecki's march, they performed an impressive round of honour, ending this interesting and exciting competition.
Thanks
Equestrian Sports Club “in the saddle” cordially thanks the sponsors of the competition of the power of the jump during the 16 th “Rainbow equestrian competition”: the Municipal Office in Oława, the Department of water supply and Sewerage in Oława, the county starost and the company “Mustang”.
Max Kolonko cuts off from KWW Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution
KWW Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution is the name of the electoral committee under which Mariusz Max Kolonko's #R Revolution was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution directed its proposal especially to young voters with right-wing views.
Before the election Kolonko announced cooperation with Marek Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions happened, and THE KWW itself The Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko did not even manage to collect enough signatures to issue lists in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko announced on Twitter that he had finished working with KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko.
“I will expect the abovementioned KWW to remove my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to connect my person with the aforementioned entity,” he added and announced that he would provide more information soon.
For now, it is not known whether the journalist will continue to act, or whether this is the end of the #R Revolution formation.
On July 4, on American Independence day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko announced the formation of a new political formation, the #R Revolution.
In recent years Kolonko has been famous for running the Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
“We have enough politicians, enough of your stupid antics, enough of your amateur governments.
It is time for the authorities in the country to take over the nation and rule for the good of the nation,” Kolonko said at the time.
The party's agenda included issues related to the judiciary (should be elected in the general election), tax changes (equalization of the tax-free amount for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid for the countries of the eastern flank of NATO, with particular emphasis on Poland), holding a referendum on gun ownership, limiting the number of deputies or introducing single-member constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of a new political formation, Mariusz Max Kolonko began talks with Marek Jakubiak.
In late July, Kolonko posted a message on his social media profile suggesting that #R would join forces with the Kukiz '15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions ultimately happened.
UBS: Gold close to balance point
“The euro exchange rate will remain near the PLN 4.35 ceiling in the coming months, accompanied by a weak economic situation in global markets,” says Michael Bolliger of UBS wealth Management.
“The expectations of maintaining a solid pace of economic growth and stable monetary policy are in favour of stabilizing the zloty quotations at the current ceiling,” the specialist said in an interview with Bankier.pl Bankier.pl.
In his opinion, despite clear inflationary pressures, the Monetary policy Council will not decide to raise rates in an environment in which the vast majority of central banks soften policy.
“While the zloty is properly valued – euro quotations should remain near the ceiling of PLN 4.35 in the coming months – Polish bonds are hardly attractive, according to him.
Much more favorable yields than Polish securities are offered by emerging-market bonds,” says Michael Bolliger, head of emerging-market asset allocation at UBS wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the deterioration of the global economic situation.
“The global slowdown may get even worse, but there should not be a severe recession, and at most the GDP dynamics should go down slightly below zero,” says Michael Bolliger.
“Investors should underestimate global stocks that may be hurt by the lack of prospects for resolving the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risk factors, including Donald Trump's impeachment process and Brexit.
“Europe should behave relatively weakly among equity markets,” according to a recent letter to investors by UBS wealth Management chief executive Mark Haefele.
“Shares in eurozone countries should behave worse than the US because they are more vulnerable in conditions of increased uncertainty around global trade and fears of a slowdown,” the document reads.
According to Michael Bolliger, after the hossa in the bond markets of the safest countries pushed the yields of the German 10-year-old to minus 0.74 per cent, it is still possible to deepen the decline in profitability.
In the long term, however, the profitability of long-term securities should no longer decrease, but only in the short term, thanks to the easing of banks' monetary policy.
The Fed has the biggest room for rate cuts, which should lead to a weakening of the US currency in the next few years.
The long-term balance point for the euro is a ceiling of USD 1.29, which would mean a 19 percent potential to strengthen the single currency against the dollar.
We expect further Fed rate cuts, which will result in a reduction in global monetary policy differences.
“Maintaining the strength of the dollar in the long term may not be allowed by current and budget deficits,” says Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr is losing its weapons.
Confidential report of THE GERMAN MINISTRY OF DEFENSE
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has reported the disappearance of 39 pieces of weapons, 39 parts of weapons and 19,445 rounds of ammunition, according to a confidential statement from the Federal Defense Ministry.
Newspapers belonging to the media group Redaktionsnetzwerk Deutschland (RND) reported.
According to a document from the office of the parliamentary secretary of state in THE MINISTRY OF DEFENCE Peter Tauber (CDU), two pieces of weapons, one part of weapons and 3474 pieces of ammunition have so far been recovered.
Among the military equipment still missing are six universal MG3 machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic rifles, six signal pistols and two P8 pistols.
In addition, there are 30 barrels missing for MG3 machine guns.
The situation was expressed by the vice-president of the left party, Martina Renner.
The number of missing weapons and ammunition is “appalling,” she told RND journalists.
All the more so because, as a result of the investigations, only a small part of the lost equipment was found.
Martina Renner summed up the effects of these actions as a “miserable balance sheet.”
In December 2017, federal prosecutors in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a serious act of violence threatening national security and violating the provisions of the law governing access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing attacks on leading German politicians for far-right and racist reasons.
His “blacklist” of targets, which fell into the hands of prosecutors, included the then Justice Minister Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green Party and Anetta Kahane, a human rights defender and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung Foundation in Berlin.
Franco a. illegally seized four firearms, more than 1,000 ammunition and more than 50 explosive devices.
Crying children on the plane.
How to avoid them?
There is a solution
Japan Airlines has recently used a feature designed for people for whom travelling with a crying child is a nightmare.
Through the website, the airlines allow you to check the distribution of seats on the aircraft.
If a given connection is travelled by minors up to the age of two, the “child icon” appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place distant from that occupied by the toddler.
The BBC reports that the airlines have already reported the imperfections of the solution.
The “child icon” will not appear if the ticket has been booked by a third party or if the aircraft has changed at the last minute.
As could be expected, the idea divided the Internet users.
Some Twitter users point out that the problem of travelling with crying children can be solved with noise-reducing headphones.
They are children, we used to be them.
“We need to learn tolerance because we will soon need a map of seats for mouth-breathing, salivating or drunkards,” user G Sundar wrote.
Another Internet user noticed that he was once disturbed by crying children on the plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent.
Ne also lacks supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
“Thank you for warning me against screaming children on a 13-hour trip,” Rahat Ahmed wrote.
Majorca counts losses after Thomas Cook travel agency goes bankrupt
More than 25 thousand foreign tourists will not arrive on holiday in Majorca in October as a result of the bankruptcy announced by travel agency Thomas Cook on Monday.
As Marc Pons, the representative of the Autonomous Balearic Government, informed on Friday, among 25 thousand holidaymakers who will not be able to take advantage of the October holiday in Majorca, there are also people who were supposed to travel with companies indirectly connected with Thomas Cook, such as Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80 per cent of expected holidaymakers who, due to the bankruptcy of a British company, had to give up their holiday in Majorca next month are German and Scandinavian nationals.
However, according to Pons, as Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the ballet island between November and April, the losses to the local economy will be smaller.
He revealed that the Balearic government had already begun negotiations with international operators about “entering the Majorca market” after the British operator went bankrupt.
The Diario de Mallorca newspaper estimates that more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs in October due to the tourist crisis in Majorca.
About 800 are dismissed employees of Thomas Cook's office in Palma.
Other people will lose their jobs mainly in the hospitality sector.
On Monday, with Thomas Cook declaring bankruptcy at many hotels in Majorca, property owners demanded that guests pay an additional accommodation fee.
This situation was experienced, among others, by dozens of tourists from Poland.
The Balearic government estimates that by Thursday, dozens of hotels in Majorca had halted operations until at least the end of October following the bankruptcy announcement by Thomas Cook and its cooperating companies.
Meanwhile, Friday's Diario de Ibiza newspaper points out that most of the hotels operating in Ibiza, which have worked with Thomas Cook, are not expected to close facilities in the coming weeks.
The newspaper recalls that on this ballet island the British bankrupt cooperated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the autonomous authorities in the Balearic Islands announced that they would ask the Spanish government to support the region with €100 million to cover losses caused by the announcement of bankruptcy by travel agency Thomas Cook.
They revealed that the majority of tourists affected in this archipelago, about 36 thousand people, are located in Majorca.
According to data from the Balearic government, Thomas Cook owes local travel companies, mainly hotel operators, around €5 million for the implementation of contracts for the period July-September 2019.
FIFA women's ranking.
Poland still in 29 th place, USA at the helm
Poland's women's national team ranks 29 th in the International Football Federation (FIFA) ranking published on Friday.
In the same position, the team of coach Miłosz Stępiński was classified in the previous July ranking.
Poor team games.
How will it be in October?
The leaders were the Americans, who recently defended the title of world champion.
The second place in the ranking was held by Germany, and the third place was held by the Netherlands.
The Poles are preparing for the ME qualification.
They were due to start their away match against the Czech Republic on 3 September.
The day before the meeting, it was postponed by a year due to food poisoning of opponents.
In this situation, the Polish women will inaugurate their qualification with a meeting with the Spaniards on 12 November in Lublin.
Previously, “White and Red” will play two friendly matches - on October 3 away with Cyprus, and five days later in Kielce with Brazil.
In the group, Poland's rivals are Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The group winners and the top three teams from second places advance directly to the final tournament.
The remaining six teams from second position will play in the barriers for the last three passes to the European Championships.
The rate of 16 participants will be supplemented by the host - England.
The Polish men's national team in the FIFA ranking in September dropped from 20 th to 22 nd place.
“Rz”: Smog crushed the government
“The effects of the clean Air programme are negligible and coal furnaces will be digged this winter as if nothing ever happened”, we read on the front page of today's “Rzeczpospolita”.
“So far, 82 thousand applications have been submitted under the clean Air programme for co-financing with a total value of PLN 2 billion, of which 48 thousand decisions were positive.
The accepted applications amount to a total of over PLN 915 million”, says “Rz”, referring to data from the spokesman of the Minister of the Environment.
As the newspaper points out, only part of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the programme.
The results of the announced noise programme are described by the journal as “modest”.
Local governments, quoted by 'Rz', see failures of 'clean air', among the others, in too much bureaucracy.
“The program should be much simpler: electronic notification, sending invoices by post, possible random control of the implementation.
This would improve actions“ , says Mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński Jacek Wiśniowski.
Activists from the Polish smog alert note that in the first year of operation less than 1 percent of the assumed target of replacing 3 million boilers was achieved.
As “Rz” notes, although the budget of the program is PLN 103 billion for 10 years, which means PLN 10 billion annually, this amount is virtual.
“The budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and water Management for this year was reserved at a rate of PLN 1.4 billion”, we read.
Congress agrees to F-35 for Poland
Błaszczak: Now price negotiations
The US Congress agreed to sell 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft to Poland.
“This is one of the last steps before the conclusion of the contract, but it is not the end of our work,” Mariusz Błaszczak wrote on Twitter.
“We will negotiate hard to achieve the best possible price,” the Polish minister added.
Agreement for Polish F-35
The Polish Air Force is to supply 32 F-35 Lightning II fighter jets produced by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the US State Department agreed to sell them to Poland.
The Communication underlines that the investment will support national security and US foreign policy by improving the security of a NATO ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to the State Department, Poland is expected to pay 6.5 billion dollars for the fighters.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department indicated that the contract will also include the supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, the provision of engineering, logistics and personnel services, as well as related elements of logistics and program support and personnel training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighter jets
The F-35 Lightning II, produced by Lockheed Martin, is a single-seat and single-engine fifth-generation multi-purpose fighter.
The aircraft is capable of carrying out a mission of close support, bombardment and typically fighter air combat tasks.
Thanks to the use of stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable for short-range radars.
Recently, the F-35 fighter jets were bought by Belgium as part of a contract worth 4.55 billion dollars.
The Belgians want to replace them with an aging F-16.
Other US allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, are also expected to consider buying US combat aircraft.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
Producer Barbie launched a series of gender neutral dolls.
He wants to fight stereotypes in this way.
Producer Barbie launched a series of gender neutral dolls
In addition to Barbie with different skin colors, figures and hairstyles, Mattel introduced gender neutral dolls.
Toys from the “Creatable World” series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie is to have short hair or long hair.
Their wardrobe consists of both trousers and dresses.
In a blink of an eye dolls can become boys with girls and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
Gender dolls no longer have full lips, long eyelashes and a slim waist or – in the case of Ken – wide arms.
The company believes that children do not like when their dolls have imposed gender standards, and some parents and feminists are convinced that toys made for a specific gender inhibit girls' ambitions and reinforce traditional stereotypes.
“The new dolls will allow all children to feel free,” says Mattel.
Barbie doll, which appeared on the market in 1959 in a swimsuit and high heel shoes, has been criticized many times in the past for promoting “unhealthy female stereotypes” such as unnatural body proportions.
The company responded to criticism and has already launched dolls of different skin colors, as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls in the hijab.
Zandberg: a circle or club together may have a dozen MPs
When asked on ZET radio how many candidates his party could get to the Sejm from the list of left-wing groups (KW SLD, from which candidates for the Sejm of SLD, Spring and left together, competing with the common logo “left”), Zandberg replied that it depends on the outcome of the committee.
“I believe that the result of the left will be very good because we feel that people are hoping that the left is not only right but also strong,” he said.
According to Zandberg, the left can have 60-80 MPs.
“This may mean that a circle or club together will have a dozen members.
But it depends on Poles and Poles.
I'm not going to guess and say how it will happen,” he said.
Asked if the left would have a separate circle together, Zandberg replied: “We are arranged that we are diverse, and we will not pretend that there is no diversity.
I think that Poles rewarded this diversity because we showed that we were able to get along with each other on a common program. '
Asked if the biggest beneficiary of the joint launch was SLD leader Włodzimierz Czarzasty, Zandberg replied that he believed the biggest beneficiaries were centre-left and left-wing voters.
Noting that it was the SLD that would get all the subsidies, he replied that “the purpose of the political party is to represent its constituents.”
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the elections to the Sejm.
In the case of the Senate elections, he indicated that he was considering.
“The offer is diverse and in this offer there are candidates and candidates to whom my heart is closer, but there are also those to whom my heart is further,” he said.
“I will say very honestly and clearly that if I were in District 44 of the Senate, I would take an electoral certificate and vote in another constituency,” the politician said.
“I would probably not be tempted to vote for Minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO candidate - PAP),” he added.
In this district, apart from Ujazdowski, the leader of the citizens of the Republic of Poland Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from the law and Justice party take part.
Dakar: The largest mosque in West Africa opened
Tens of thousands of people from across Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday for the inauguration of a huge mosque, considered the largest in West Africa.
Muslims arrived by buses, cars and on foot to the BOPP district, where a new mosque was erected, which could accommodate 30 thousand believers.
The building was built by the Mouride Brotherhood, which belongs to the Sufi Islamic movement, which dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago in a wetland area of six hectares, handed over by the government.
The name of the mosque Masalikul Jinan (“paths to Paradise”) is derived from a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the 19 th-century founder of the fraternity, venerated by followers as a saint.
The mosque is covered with Carrarian marble and has five minarets.
The highest of them is 78 meters.
The mosque in the middle will accommodate 15 thousand believers, and the second one can stay on the outside Esplanade.
In richly finished interiors you can admire the gilded dome, giant chandeliers and decorations handmade by workers from Morocco.
Builders say the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but there is no comparison to mosques in other regions anyway.
In Morocco, Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca can accommodate 105 thousand believers.
The construction of the mosque, which cost more than €30 million, was financed by private donations.
The government, in addition to the land, funded lighting, sanitation and financed road works worth €10.5 million.
Coach Smyła: our problem is not Silesia, but ourselves
A streak of eight league games without victory, the Crown players will try to break in Friday's meeting with the vice-leader of the Silesian Premier League.
“Our problem is not Wrocław, but ourselves, we have to work on what we are playing,” said Kielce coach Mirosław Smyła.
Players of the Crown last and so far the only victory in the league recorded in the first round, when on away defeated 1-0 beniaminka Raków Częstochowa.
Later, the Knicks recorded two draws and six defeats, and on Tuesday they lost 1-0 to Zagłębie Lubin in the 1/32 Polish Cup final.
“It makes me optimistic that in the final seconds of the knockout match the players were fighting for a goal, they wanted a draw.
Their fall on the turf after the final whistle was not due to the collapse, but it was a fall of anger because they were so close,” Smyła said.
As he pointed out, Silesia has very strong wings, so it will sensitize the team to play in the side sectors of the pitch.
“We are aware of the quality of the opponent, but we are also looking at what we want to play,” added the coach.
In Friday's game in the Crown will certainly not play pausing for excess yellow cards Ognjen Gnjatic, the squad will also run out of injured Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski.
However, it is encouraging to report several players with a desire to play in a knockout match.
“We have a headache, recently it seemed that it would not be, and now it is,” Smyła said.
Crown defender Daniel Dziwniel stressed that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the streak of eight league games in a row without a win, while in the Premier League anyone can win against anyone.
“We are a good team.
We may not be showing it on the pitch in recent weeks, but the moment will come that we will win and we believe it will be on Friday,” the footballer said.
After nine queues of extra-class, the Crown with the achievements of five points ranks 15 th.
Silesia has accumulated 12 more and ranks second.
Friday's game in Kielce will start at 20.30.
These trees can completely disappear from Europe
“42% of the tree species that make up Europe's stands are at risk,” warns the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in its “European Red book of trees” published on Friday.
At the top of the list are, among others, chestnuts and raspberries.
IUCN, an organization based in Gland, Switzerland, publishes a list of endangered species of European trees for the first time.
It was drawn up by specialists who, on the basis of research, concluded that of the 454 tree species found in Europe (and elsewhere in the world) 42% are “highly endangered”.
Among the reasons, the Red paper mentions the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, those trees and shrubs that occur only or mainly on our continent are most at risk.
As far as typically European stands are concerned, 58% of species are at risk, according to IUCN specialists, and 15%, 66 species of trees and shrubs, are threatened with extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red paper lists errors in the exploitation of trees, accelerated urbanization, too intensive logging, followed by forest fires and changes in the European ecosystem.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also strongly endangered.
“The consequences of human activity lead to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a danger in Europe of the extinction of important and underestimated varieties that form the basis of European ecosystems and affect the health of our planet”, summed up the report by Luc Bas, who heads the European IUCN office.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I do not promise 600 +
“Today the law and Justice party wants to bribe Poles by offering them for their freedom distribution on credit, which will have to be repaid by future generations”, says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview for “Rzeczpospolita”.
In his opinion, “the whole PiS policy is a pic”.
At the same time, the politician promises that “what is given will not be taken away.”
Schetyna assures in an interview with Jacek Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat law and Justice.
It's about mobilising the electorate at the ballot box.
In his opinion, the opposition has more potential in this area than the Kaczynski party.
“Today there are more conscious people who want to live in a normal country than supporters of the law and Justice party, a party which has betrayed the values proclaimed, such as modesty, humility and transparency”, says Schetyna.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic platform also emphasized the basic assumptions of the KO electoral programme.
“Firstly, nothing that data will be received, but it is necessary to set a direction for the future, because the law and Justice party deals exclusively with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even after dramatically low investments”, he said.
Secondly, it is about “activating the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work fairly - and those who are entrepreneurial”.
Schetyna explains that the program of the KO included, among others, a project that will give the least-earning Poles more about 614 zlotys per hand, and more earners – also several hundred.
The politician also pointed out that he did not want to race for a handout.
As he said, he will do as much as he can do, but he does not promise 600 +.
“I will never allow a Greek variant where the government bidded with the opposition for distribution until the financial collapse of the country finally took place,” he said.
In an interview with “Rz” Schetyna also stated that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
“We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda,” he said.
“Pride walks before the fall.
Kaczynski is such a statesman as Banaś is crystal,” he added.
The leader of the Civic platform also said he had not yet decided whether he would run for the leadership of the platform.
Argentina: six dead Grand Condors
Six dead large condors have been found in the Argentine province of Santa Cruz, reports TVN24.
Specialists believe that human activity has contributed to their deaths.
Large condors were probably poisoned with a means to kill predators such as pumas, foxes and wild dogs.
Animals could eat toxic carcasses.
Apart from one young individual, the rest of the dead condors were adults.
“This is a big loss for the environment, because the condor must reach 10-15 years in order to become fertile and able to reproduce.
So we are losing a protected species, an endangered species,” says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organisation.
“I think that the use of toxic bait and poison not only puts this species at risk, but all other forms of life, including human health,” he adds.
“Rz”: They want a jewel for the president
Work has begun to give the head of state a precious chain.
The idea was supported by the law firm of Andrzej Duda – we read in 'Rzeczpospolita'.
As the newspaper explains, it is about the golden chain of the order of the White Eagle, the royal insignia officially called in the interwar period the jewel of the Republic of Poland.
The last time it was used was probably by President Ignacy Mościcki.
“Rz” says that soon such a chain can hit the shoulders of Andrzej Duda.
The Senate Committee on Human Rights, the rule of law and petitions passed a motion on Wednesday to work on an amendment to the law on orders and decorations to restore it.
The newspaper writes that this is also not the first attempt to restore this chain to the head of state.
The Senate already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it lost by one vote.
This time the works are instant.
At the beginning of August, senators devoted several minutes to the matter, acknowledging that they would consult the President's Office.
It arrived in mid-September.
“I kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in this petition,” presidential minister Andrzej Dera wrote at the time.
On Wednesday, the case was continued by the Senate committee and again devoted little time to the case.
“The President's office answered us briefly: it is in favour of bringing this back,” said commission chief Robert Mamątov of the law and Justice party, quoted by “Rz.”
He submitted a request for legislative work, which the Commission supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through the intersection
The police action will be carried out, among others, at the intersection of Cieplińskiego Avenue and Piłsudskiego Avenue.
Uniformed actions are somehow related to recent complaints by the city authorities about drivers not always able to behave properly at the intersection.
On Friday, September 27, police officers begin preventive actions in Rzeszów “passable intersections”.
It is about eliminating traffic obstacles: entering the intersection without the possibility of exit, failure to comply with traffic signals or traffic signs.
“We often think that we are alone at the intersection, and in fact we make life difficult for other drivers,” Marek Ustrobiński, the city's vice president, said a few days ago.
His words echoed at a town hall press conference, where city authorities presented examples of inadequate movement of cars at intersections, resulting in traffic jams.
At that time, the president appealed to travelers for common sense on the road and, among other things, faster traffic lights or not writing text messages while driving.
The theme was somehow taken over by Rzeszów police officers, who from today start the action “passable intersections”.
What is it all about?
The aim of the action is to eliminate the phenomenon of constraints on crossings by drivers entering them without the possibility to continue driving.
This is a common offence, which contributes to the intensification of traffic difficulties and the creation of traffic jams.
He is threatened with a fine of 300 PLN and 2 penalty points.
In addition, the uniform will pay attention to non-compliance with traffic signals or traffic signs and incorrect parking in the area of intersections.
They will also observe the lack of smoothness of driving, late movement from under the signaling devices, free passage of intersections and leaving too long distances between vehicles.
At what intersections will actions be carried out?
Among others, on Lisa-Kula Street from Jagiellońska Street; Cieplińskiego Avenue from Piłsudskiego Avenue; Targowa Street from Piłsudskiego Avenue; Śreniawit Square from Dąbrowskiego Street or Hetmańska Street from Warsaw insurgents Avenue.
Such actions in the capital of Podkarpacie will be conducted on the next Fridays of October.
They inspected the waste disposal company from “Czajka”
“Officials from the Department of Environmental Protection of the District of Volomin and the District construction supervision Inspectorate inspected the installation in the municipality of Zielonka on Friday, where waste from the waste water treatment plant “Czajka” in Warsaw is disposed of,” said Karol Szyszko, spokesman for the Voivodeship.
Inspectors from the Voivodeship inspected the plant located in the forests belonging to the municipality of Zielonka.
Private Trade and Transport Department “Dar-Trans”, pursuant to the agreement with the capital sewage treatment plant “Czajka” provides services for waste water management.
“The installation was inspected and the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his business,” Szyszko said.
He added that the post-inspection report will be forwarded, among others, to the Provincial Environmental Protection Inspectorate in Warsaw.
The last inspection in “Dar-Trans” was carried out by the Provincial Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw in the period 29 December 2015 – 11 February 2016.
It was established then that the company did not take samples, measurements and tests of groundwater, and did not have the results of tests of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the sewage treatment plant “Czajka”.
After the inspection of the EIA, Dariusz Sobota was called upon to stop breaching the terms of the decision.
Dariusz SOBOTA IS one of the companies receiving waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the “Czajka” treatment plant.
According to the decision to carry out waste disposal in the area of the excavation, waste of up to 60,000 tonnes per year is processed in the forests near Zielonka.
The Warsaw Municipal water supply and sewage Company reported last Thursday that at the turn of November and December 2018, STUOŚ was excluded from operation, which was related to the damage to one of the incineration plants.
According to MPWiK, the monthly cost of their exports is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01.01.2019 to 31.08.2019).
Lech Walesa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
“You have undertaken a difficult task, you can count on my total support,” Lech Wałęsa told Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska on Friday.
“Mr. President, these are very important words for me,” said the candidate of the Civic Coalition for Prime Minister, the leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president stressed that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now “just a retired fan.”
Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met on Friday with former President Lech Wałęsa in his office at the European Solidarity Centre in Gdańsk.
A short conversation behind closed doors was also attended by Walesa's son, Jarosław.
“You have undertaken a difficult task,” Lech Wałęsa said after the meeting.
“You can count on my total support,” he added.
“The problems before Poland are known to us all.
Therefore, it is a great hope that you, as a woman, will cope with these problems, and all of us – those who love Poland – will support your actions as much as possible“ , said the former president, addressing Kidawa-Błońska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked for her support.
“Mr. President, for me, these are very important words, because no one, like you, can talk about freedom, about the constitution and knows what is important,” she said.
“Let's show that you can do a different, wise policy, together, but according to the constitution, according to the law, according to respect for others.
You did your revolution and we want to change Poland in this way“ , emphasized Kidawa-Błońska.
Retired fan
Wałęsa said in an interview with reporters that he is now “just a retired fan.”
“of course I'm looking at it.
I hope we reverse the course of events, that what was good, tested, (to that) we will return.
The tripartition of power is the most important, the constitution is the most important, the courts are necessary.
And all this needs to be read, all this needs to be restored to normal action and I believe that this time we will do it.
Because if not, the street criterion awaits us“ , said Lech Wałęsa.
“Therefore, it is so important that Poles go to the elections, reflect and make their own decisions.
And this is the most important thing“ , added Kidawa-Błońska.
“The last chance that the card will improve the state of affairs in Poland,” the former president replied.
“We need to build a foundation again”
Asked about the most important changes that should take place in Poland, Kidawa-Błońska said: “The president said very well.
We need to build a new foundation on which we can do all the other things.
Since the tripartition of power does not exist, since the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and let everybody know that otherwise Poland will not move a step forward '.
ME volleyball players: Slovenia - Poland 3-1 in the semi-finals.
On the hot terrain in Ljubljana, Polish volleyball players clashed with Slovenians in the semi-finals of the European Championships.
There was no lack of controversy and discussion with the judges, with Polish coach vital Heynen in the lead role.
“White and Red” lost 1-3 and will play for a bronze medal.
Senate decided on key bills
The Senate passed without amendments the law on the disclosure of the assets of families of the most important state officials and on flights of the most important people in the state.
52 senators voted in favour of the amendment to the Act on the assets of families of state officials - without amendments - 14 were against, three abstained.
Thus, senators decided to reject 12 amendments tabled during Wednesday's debate by the senator after Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were to “civilize” the act and limit the scope of information provided in the statement about the property situation of own children, spouse's children, children adapted to cases in which children remain in a common household with a person obliged to make a statement.
The Act on the transparency of the assets of the families of the most important state officials, whose project was created in the prime minister's office, was passed by the Sejm on 11 September.
The provisions stipulate that, among others, the prime minister, ministers, deputies, MEPs, senators, presidents of: the Constitutional Tribunal, the Supreme Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as persons leading other state institutions will be obliged to include information on the personal property of spouses, children and persons in common life in a property statement.
The Senate has also not proposed amendments to the law on flights of the most important people in the state.
It regulates what flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government planes with the most important people in the state.
The Act also specifies who is responsible for maintaining the Central Register of flights.
55 senators voted for the bill, 12 were against, four abstained.
Under the law, any presidential flight will be a flight “carried out on an official mission.”
The president's flights will be accompanied by family members and other people invited by the president.
On the other hand, the flight in the official mission of the Prime Minister and the Marshals of the Sejm and Senate will be only a flight “carried out in order to carry out tasks directly related to the performed function”.
The Act also clarifies the list of persons who may accompany the most important persons in the country during the flight.
According to the regulations, members of the delegation may be on board the aircraft – invited members, senators, representatives of public authorities and experts; persons providing technical, medical or organizational services; as well as journalists.
According to the Act, in case of doubts connected with the flights of the Marshals of the Sejm and Senate, the head of THE NATIONAL BROADCASTING COUNCIL will apply for their explanation.
If such doubts are not clarified in the appointed time, the head of THE NATIONAL BROADCASTING COUNCIL will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or Senate about the inability to organize such a flight.
New proxy for sport
Waldemar Paluch appointed his Plenipotentiary for physical culture, Sport and Tourism.
It was appointed by Artur Świątek, long-term president of the AZS PWSTE Jarosław University Club, for the last 4 years the director of the Rector's Office of the Yaroslav University.
photo Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek has recently been heavily involved in the basketball reactivation project in Jarosław.
Artur Swiatek is not an anonymous figure in the Yaroslav sports community.
Graduate of the Academy of physical Education in Biała Podlaska since 2002 he has been an instructor at the State higher School of Technology and Economics in Jarosław, and for 15 years he has been the president
Poles, after first training in Paris, are waiting for their last rival
Polish volleyball players held their first training session in Paris on Friday, where they will play in a bronze medal match on Saturday.
Vital Heynen's side closed their way to winning the title with Thursday's 1-3 defeat to Slovenia in Ljubljana.
It was loud about their trouble travelling to this duel.
This time it happened without such problems – on Friday morning they went with the Slovenes charter to Paris, and a few hours later they had a training in the famous Bercy hall.
According to reports of people attending classes, the world champion trainer was upset.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not to exercise the volleyball elements.
“We went to the hall, but in the vast majority it was time for the team.
The idea was to spend it more together than to train.
Talk, think about how to rebuild it all as a team,” he said.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the coaching staff.
“We were brutally brought to the ground.
Without two sentences, we are disappointed.
We still believed we would go back to this match.
We discussed this match with each other in the squad, the coach talked a lot with the players.
As two main reasons for failure I would point out ineffectiveness in attack and much worse than usual dealing with situational balls.
The Slovenes were much better than us in this respect,” he analysed.
In his opinion, “White and Red” was not hindered by the stress associated with the performance against the co-hosts of the tournament supported by loud and numerous audiences.
He admitted that the world champions could sleep a bit on a smooth path to the semi-finals.
“Perhaps if we had a similar-style defeat in the group stage, we would have analysed this lesson more quickly and then we would have played differently in the next phase of the tournament.
But it's just bullying,” he said.
Gogol hopes that the anger associated with Thursday's defeat will turn the Poles into aggression in the bronze match.
“I hope we show our true face then.
There is something to fight for.
We recently won THE ME medal in 2011,” he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city and France is the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
In the group stage they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, for the first two group stage meetings they went to Apeldoorn, and for the semi-final they moved to Ljubljana.
Nick Kyrgios: penalty harsh but in suspension
The Australian tennis player received a 16-week ban and a $25 thousand fine - in a six-month suspension - for reprehensible words, gestures and deeds at recent ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour activists lose patience with Kyrgios but still give him a chance to improve.
The summary of the misdeeds of the most unchallenged professional tennis player in recent years looks threatening - 16 weeks of break plus a big fine, but both penalties are suspended for half a year - a trial period in which a stubborn athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24, but has been brewing for a long time and has earned a kind of tennis world record - he had to pay the highest single financial penalty in the history of discipline for breaking the rules of behaviour on the court and next to him.
Loud curses, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike behavior, insulting the referee and spectators, breaking two rockets during a loss to Karen Khachanov - for all this after the August ATP Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati paid 113 thousand dollars.
He also did not play long at the 2019 US Open, but was able to publicly say that ATP activists “are corrupt,” which hurt the organization's authorities so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and after a few weeks gave the verdict about suspending starts and another mane.
However, he was forgiven for his words about corruption after listening to the accused and knowing the context of his statement.
In a statement, however, tennis activists said that the investigation showed Kyrgios' behaviour over the past 12 months in many cases raised serious reservations and constituted an almost continuous violation of the rules that he repeatedly insulted tournament-related players and spectators in a vulgar manner, hence the high punishment.
However, the ATP gave him five days to appeal and immediately postponed his sentence, ordering several conditions to be met within the next six months: Kyrgios can no longer violate the rules of the code of conduct of professional tennis players in the ATP Tour and ATP challenge Tour tournaments, in particular he can no longer curse, destroy rockets, argue with judges and the public, or any other way to behave obscene and vulgar.
He also received a recommendation that he seek “continuous support” from mental trainers during tournaments and also consulted outside the season with people specializing in solving the problems of athletes not coping with proper behavior.
Nick Kyrgios's first comment (on social media) on the verdict was: “Hey everyone, I can still play.
I just have to control my behavior, that's all.”
In practice, the Australian will have at least a two-week break as his shoulder injury worsened in the Laver Cup, so he had to give up his upcoming starts in Beijing (September 30 - October 6) and Shanghai (October 6-13).
Kyrgios is ranked 27 th in the ATP rankings.
He won two tournaments this year - in Washington and Acapulco, he earned more than 1.3 million dollars, so even after the fines he will have a lot left.
CSO: Poland is living better and better
According to the report on household budgets published by THE CENTRAL STATISTICAL OFFICE on Friday, 44% of households rated their material situation as good or rather good in the previous year.
A year earlier, this percentage was 37.2%, 33.5% in 2016, and previously, since 2009, when the statistical office first examined subjective assessments of the situation of households, it has never exceeded 30%.
A total of 8.1% of households considered their material situation to be bad or rather bad, compared to 11.2% a year earlier and over 20% in 2009.
The best is the material situation of households of self-employed people.
In this group, more than 70% of respondents consider it good or rather good.
On the other pole there are households of pensioners, where the percentage of such answers was only 18%.
The subjective assessment of the material situation of households is also influenced by the number of children.
Parents raising offspring alone are worst known, of whom 32% declare a good or rather good material situation.
Among couples with children, this percentage varies (depending on the number of children) from 55 to 60%, and among childless households it is 48.8%.
The effect of the 500 + programme is clearly visible in these statistics.
Before it was launched (in 2016), parents raising offspring and large families (with at least three children) assessed the worst material situation.
The improvement of subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles reflects a rapid increase in income, mainly from work.
However, that is not all, because the percentage of households who consider their situation to be good is increasing faster than real income.
Moreover, at the level of voivodships there is no clear correlation between the level of income and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best assessments are formulated by inhabitants of the Opolskie Voivodeship, where 48.9% of respondents consider their situation to be good or rather good.
Next are Lubuskie (47.7%), Silesian (47.6%), Mazowieckie (47.3%) and Zachodniopomorskie (47.1%).
Meanwhile, in Opole, disposable income (i.e. after paying taxes and contributions) amounted to less than 94% of the national average last year, and 98% in Lubuskie.
Residents of Mazowiecki (120% of the national average) and Silesia (104%) had the highest income.
On average in Poland disposable income per person in 2018 amounted to PLN 1693.
In real terms (after adjusting the impact of price changes) it increased by 4.3% compared to 2017.
Compared to previous years, this is a fairly low result.
In 2016, income per person increased by 7% and a year later by 6.3%.
While revenue growth slows down, it also hampers spending growth.
Those per person amounted to PLN 1187 last year, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7%.
This is the first such case since 2013.
In 2017, expenditure per person increased in real terms by 1.9% and in 2016 by 4.3%.
Household budgets surveys suggest that the statistical household currently spends 70.1% of its disposable income, while in 2014 this share exceeded 80%, and by 2006 it exceeded 90%.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a glowing sweatshirt
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed show of the brand “Patrizia Pepe”.
Unfortunately, her styling was not successful.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is the wife of sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in activities for women for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in public relations with such companies as PZU, Red Bull and Bayer.
As a journalist, she worked for TVP1, TVN style, vision Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book “Mom and Dad is us”, in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0 to 3.
She was involved in many projects aimed at supporting active women.
The actions managed by her include “Network of entrepreneurial women”, “Lodge of business women”, “women's Congress Association” or “make up Buisness”.
Privately, she is the wife of Maciej Kurzajewski, a television presenter and sports journalist.
The couple has two sons, Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in a closed show of the Italian brand “Patrizia Pepe”.
Natasha Urbanska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also attended the event.
An intimate show could not take place without a wall, where the stars boasted about their styles.
Unfortunately, the photojournalists caught the blatant mistake of Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman wore a white bra under a black shirt, which was heavily shining through her.
Us: three suicides among aircraft carrier crew
Three sailors committed suicide aboard the USS George H. W. Bush last week, the US Navy said.
A total of five crew members have been killed in the last two years.
The previous suicide took place in July this year and earlier in November 2017.
All three sailors were shot dead last week, according to CNN.
Each incident occurred on land when USS George H. W. Bush moored off the coast of Virginia.
So far, the participation of third parties has been excluded in the case.
In addition, the deaths are not to be linked.
“We need everyone to get involved in presenting suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to stress that there is no stigma or other repercussions related to seeking help,” Captain Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, wrote on Facebook.
Niesiołowski critical of the pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Lekszycki, Stefan Niesiołowski emphasized that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
“Actually, every sentence was accepted.”
Later there was criticism of some of his actions.
“for me, the fact that John Paul II could not liquidate the harmful activity of Rydzyk places a great shadow on his pontificate.
After all, this Redemptorist – a pest of the Church and Poland – developed his media into the best still in the life of the Polish pope ', he explained.
The former politician of the Civic platform admitted: 'There were murmurs of dissatisfaction, the pope said something, once Rydzyk did not accept, but he had authority and he could simply throw him out of the Church for politics or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to collect money for the poor there.
However, John Paul II did not do it, similarly his successor ', Niesiołowski explained.
“Besides, there was this fatal matter of pedophilia and actions of the Church, or rather their lack.
I ran forward a little bit, but I wanted to draw attention to the whole of his life.
We have known about the scale of pedophilia in the Church relatively recently.
The question arises how it is possible that John Paul II, being the head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting matters', says Niesiołowski in an interview with a journalist.
According to the former politician, the Polish Church is an ally of the law and Justice party.
“One must admit that during the period of Solidarity the Church was our most important ally.
All ceremonies started with Holy Mass, crosses were hanging everywhere.
Now these crosses are written, they have become a symbol of dictatorship – a sign of the regime in writing.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk are shaking the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing about it and that today the Church is an ally of the law and Justice party.
It is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which he will pay a lot ', Niesiołowski argued.
“I hope that pope Francis is chasing Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others of this kind”, he concluded.
HRUBIESZÓW: Tomorrow the celebration of the 590 th anniversary of the county
There will be gala concerts and auctions.
The jubilee gala will be held in the Hrubieszów House of culture.
First, at 10 a.m. in the church of St. Nicholas the Holy Mass will begin.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30 am in HDK.
The Song and Dance Ensemble of the Hrubieszów Land will perform.
Young people from the 1 st Stanisław Staszic High SCHOOL will present a performance entitled “Hrubieszów County: Hence my family – I live here”.
Then the medals “merit for Hrubieszów County” will be awarded.
At 16 o'clock the event will move to the city promenade, where concerts “Hrubieszów charitably for Angelika Zińkiewicz” will take place.
They will play disco polo bands – NoLimit, Malibu, Energy girls and the star of Mig evening.
There will be auctions, including feathers and porcelain of the President of the Council of Ministers.
PZPN sucks with penalties for storms in stadiums.
Griffin disqualified
The clash within the Polish Cup between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk for a small hair did not end tragically when Zlatan Alomerović, the goalkeeper of the opposing team, was fired by fans from Wejherowo Raca by millimeters.
After the incident, the match was interrupted for 20 minutes.
The PZPN committee investigating the case imposed a severe penalty on the Griffin, excluding him from future games.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the season 2020/2021.
Additionally, fans will not be allowed into their own stadium in the next match.
They will also not be allowed to leave groups for league matches until December 31.
The storms at the Widzew Łódź stadium were also caused by fans of Silesia Wrocław.
Here, however, the judgment of the PZPN was milder, because Silesia warned that similar events could occur and sensitized the relevant authorities in this matter.
Nevertheless, the services allowed to throw the sector of Łódź fans in racks, set fire to chairs and push the host sector.
The match was interrupted for eight minutes and the intervening police had to use water cannon.
PZPN punished Silesia with a one-time stadium ban in the nearest match in the Polish Cup and prohibited the organization of trips to matches including the next edition of the PP.
He has also been banned from Ekstraklasa league matches, but will remain there until December 31.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to exchange markings on the entire managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie, the implementation of the amendment to the Regulation of the Ministry of infrastructure on, among others, saving the names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish began.
For example, “Lviv” will appear next to “L' viv”.
In our voivodship changes will be introduced on 94 road signs set at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it is supposed to be easier, clearer and simpler.
The new guidelines result from the amendment to the Regulation of the Minister of infrastructure on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety devices.
“We should remember that the names of towns in neighbouring countries often have a Polish sound.
Thanks to the change prepared by us in the law, they will finally appear on signposts on our roads.
We begin the introduction of the new marking with the Podkarpackie section of the A4 motorway“ , informed the Minister of infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpacie, changes will be introduced on 94 road signs set at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total investment cost?
200 thousand zlotys.
In the first place, the new marking will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is planned by 1 November 2019.
What is the idea supposed to look like?
It will work without changing tables, on the basis of paste.
They will replace the currently functioning names of the locality with new ones written in Polish on existing characters.
Both names will be written in one row – first in Polish, then in the original, in brackets.
This will be a great facilitation for people who do not know the spelling of the names of foreign cities in the language of the country where they are located.
Feel the game together with Razer Nari ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announced Razer Nari ultimate for Xbox One, the world's first haptic-powered headset for Xbox One.
Hypersense provides immersion in games and provides better control over the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in developing advanced haptic technologies that provide a realistic touch-based experience.
Hypersense uses special haptic drivers and intelligent digital signal processing to generate high-resolution touch feedback in real time, giving you the ability to fully immerse yourself in any Xbox One game.
The technology recognizes sound signals and transforms them into dynamic vibrations, so players can feel the gameplay without having to install additional software.
By using the sense of touch, sound signals can accurately mimic actions in the game.
Razer HyperSense recreates events – from quiet steps to powerful explosions, rendering precisely all activities in the player's environment.
“Nari ultimate for Xbox One is designed to give all players an extra dimension to the game.
With HyperSense, we allow them to completely immerse themselves in their favorite titles,” said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President for peripherals Razer.
Rotating cushions are equipped with foam cushions with shape memory and a cooling gel layer to reduce the heat generated during long use.
For even easier handling of headphones, a quick muting button is placed on the retractable microphone, and the HyperSense intensity regulator and the balance slider between the game and the chat are placed on the headphone housing.
Self-adapting to the shape of the head, the headband provides a hassle-free and accurate fit.
In addition, Razer Nari ultimate for Xbox One features Xbox Wireless, which allows you to connect directly to your console without the need for a wireless transmitting and receiving device, allowing you to easily and quickly configure.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic for a more realistic sound.
Razer Nari ultimate, originally intended for PC, debuted on the market in September 2018.
With Nari ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was valued at 219.99 euros.
Someone fired a swan from a windmill
In a pond in Zameczno, lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan having problems with wings.
After catching and visiting a veterinarian, it turned out that someone had arranged a target from the animal – in his body, a screw from the windmill was found.
“information about the wounded bird was received from the residents of the village Wild Animal Rehabilitation Centre in Nowa Sól.
It was reported that the animal had broken wings.
We went to the place.
It was immediately clear that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely not to harm him and not to expose him to additional stress.
The swan was caught and taken to a veterinarian.
After the first photo of RTG it was already known that someone made a shooting shield out of it.
There were shrapnel debris in his body“ , says Marcin Walasek, President of Malpol, which manages, among others, a rehabilitation centre.
Winter in the resort
“The wounds were cleared, the bird was given antibiotics, access to water was provided, a safe place in the resort where it will spend the whole winter.
We are trying to strengthen it.
For now, he is unable to fly.
Releasing him now would mean that he probably wouldn't survive the winter,” Walasek added.
After undergoing swan rehabilitation, the staff intend to release him into the same pond in the spring.
After receiving information about the cause of the animal's poor health, the authorities of the Żukowice municipality intend to inform the prosecution about the case.
The incident happened in Zameczno
Gowin: “We need to stimulate Polish small trade”
“Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, it will be necessary to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade”, said Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and higher Education, leader of the agreement Jarosław Gowin on Friday.
During an interview in “signals of the day” on Radio One, Gowin stated that trade is controlled by international networks, which impose such low margins on Polish producers that Polish companies cannot actually develop.
Noting that it is very difficult to fight this problem, the Deputy Prime Minister reminded that the government of the law and Justice party tried to deal with it at the very beginning of the term of office, but got 'a counter from THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION'.
“We won before the court of justice and I hope that if the United right wins the next election and forms a government, we will come back to that,” he said.
At the same time, he emphasized that “effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the Polish problem, i.e. small trade”.
“It will be necessary to consider whether the government, the state, has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade,” Gowin said.
In May, an EU court ruled that the European Commission had made a mistake in recognising that the Polish retail tax was prohibited state aid.
The Retail sales tax Act assumed the introduction of two rates of trade tax: 0.8% on income between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4% on income over PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was supposed to apply from September 2016.
IN September 2016, THE EC initiated infringement proceedings against Poland.
Brussels then argued that the tax structure could favour smaller shops, which could be considered public aid.
She then stated that the tribute had been implemented in an unlawful manner.
It also issued an order to suspend the tax until officials in Brussels have completed its analysis.
Poland did not agree with this position, but the tax collection was suspended.
May's decision by the EU court opened the way for a reintroduction of the tax, but did not end the case.
On 24 July, the Commission lodged an appeal before the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the TSUE press service told PAP that the case is now at a written stage in which both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
For now, it is not known whether and when the oral procedure will start, that is, hearing the parties and a possible hearing.
It takes a good few to several months to appeal the verdict.
“This procedure takes an average of a year,” a source at the Luxembourg Tribunal told PAP.
How to dress a child for baptism?
We suggest some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of the infant and his parents.
It is often the first occasion when the whole family focuses around the child, celebrating his appearance in the world.
No wonder the freshly baked mum and dad want their consolation to look as good as possible on this day.
However, before you make a final decision about your child's costume, consider whether it will also be comfortable.
In shops you can find many steep sets that do not provide the toddler with proper comfort.
So what should we pay attention to?
The basic criterion for choosing clothing for baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, several weeks old babies were baptized, dressed in white sets and put into the same beads or big pillows.
Today, children joining the sacrament are often older: several months old, annual and even bigger.
It is not difficult to guess that such a big consolation needs a slightly different dress for baptism.
So if your child is 3-4 months old on the day of baptism, he will probably spend the feast in a stroller or in the hands of his parents or godparents.
The best solution will therefore be to tune it into comfortable, cotton sleeping bags or sets.
Although this item of clothing is considered to be a daily outfit, it is enough to search for its festive variants, for example with a flank or lace.
For the boy, the body with the printing of flies and shells will prove ideal.
In the case of older children, you can afford more fantasy in clothing.
The girl will look lovely in a simple, tulle dress
Many parents of girls with difficulty look towards richly decorated, wavy dresses for baptism complete with coats, armbands and caps.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-breathable materials in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In search of the right clothes, it will be better to look at the Asanti for kids store, which offers elegant outfits on cotton lining.
Delicate, tulle skirts, satin dresses, lace, apps and charming sets will make your daughter look lovely and feel comfortable.
Perfect outfit for a little gentleman: cotton suit
Until recently, there was fashion among boys' parents for suits that were a copy of “adult” models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, rigid collar or cuffs often caused young elegants to loudly demonstrate their dissatisfaction.
Today, fortunately, they have been replaced by comfortable cotton sets.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for kids, that is soft, sweatpants, and also a blouse decorated in front on the model of a vest.
These costumes look extremely festive, and at the same time do not restrict the movements of a toddler exploring the world.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published a property statement
Krystyna Pawłowicz made a property statement at the end of her term.
It follows that the MP of the law and Justice party has accumulated 110 thousand zlotys of savings.
Let's remind that Pawłowicz announced her departure from politics.
At the end of his term of office, he has the amount of 110 thousand PLN
According to the statement made by the MP, she draws a pension with a monthly value of PLN 4.7 thousand.
Pawłowicz has an apartment worth PLN 570 thousand and a slightly smaller apartment, which he rents, charging PLN 880 per month.
The MP also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at PLN 150 thousand.
Earlier, Jarosław Kaczyński also published a wealth statement.
Vote on a break in the debates for the Conservative Party conference
British MPs voted against a three-day break in the House of Commons for the Conservative Party's annual programme conference, which the government has requested.
289 members voted in favour, 306 against.
It is customary that the House of Commons does not meet at party conferences so that MPs do not have to resign from either participating in them or sitting in parliament.
But opposition parties said that at such a crucial time as the last few weeks before Britain's scheduled exit from the European Union on October 31, parliament should not interrupt the talks.
The government's request for a break was supported by 289 MPs, against 306.
Two opposition parties after conventions
The lack of approval for the break could be seen as a political revenge by the opposition to Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday, the decision was deemed unlawful and non-existent by the Supreme Court) and for refusing to apologise for it after the judges' ruling.
Following the ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday, with Johnson's speech and subsequent turbulent debate the most important event of the day.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding early elections.
“It's time to deliver Brexit.
It needs to be implemented to respect the result of the referendum.
Brexit must come so that we can deal with the agreement on citizens' priorities, on health care, on the cost of living.
Brexit must be implemented so that we can unite this country,” Johnson said.
The Conservative Party conference is due to begin in Manchester next Sunday and run until Wednesday 2 October.
Conferences between the two main opposition parties - Labour and the Liberal Democrats - have already taken place.
One of the reasons Johnson gave in explaining such a lengthy suspension of parliament was just party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
“President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders,” foreign media write.
A spokesman for the president strongly denied the reports.
“It's simply not true,” Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
Israeli media, including “Haaretz” and “Jerusalem Post”, citing “Jewish Insider”, write that during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora at the Polish Consulate in New York, Andrzej Duda stated that Israel was responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland was a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to the words of Israeli Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who said in February that “Poles sent anti-Semitism with breast milk.”
Andrzej Duda said he regretted that Israel had not apologized for the humiliating statements of its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression against the Polish ambassador to Israel Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by a striker who shouted: “Pole, Pole.”
“The quote is not just inaccurate.
It's simply not true,” Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
He stressed that Duda “never said that Israel was responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.”
According to Spychalski, the portal “invented it”.
According to the interlocutors, DURING the meeting there was also a dispute between the Holocaust survivor, awarded the Commander's Cross of the order of merit of the Republic of Poland Edward Mosberg and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg was to agree with the words of President Duda and say that it was Jews from Israel “like Israel Kac” who were responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to sources, Boteach was supposed to interrupt Mosberg's statement.
Who is Banaś and what did he blame?
The tenement house rented by the containers led the journalist to discover the negligence in Marian Banaś's property statements.
We are summing up another scandal that has shaken the ruling camp.
Journalists of the “Supervisor” TVN revealed that Marian Banaś, the president of the Supreme Chamber of control, has not entered into the property statement of the 400-metre tenement house, which is located in Krakow Podgórze in recent years.
What's more, his tenant was supposed to run a sexbusiness in the aforementioned tenement house (i.e. rent rooms for hours).
In turn, the building itself has allegedly been a collateral for the repayment of the loan since 2016.
Bertold Kittel pointed out the irregularities in the “Supervisor” program.
The journalist revealed that from Banasia the tenement house was rented by people connected with the criminal world in order to use it as a place of 'erotic meetings'.
Customers were supposed to be men using prostitutes.
He answered the allegations vaguely and vaguely.
Interestingly, the tenement house rented by the suteners led the journalist to discover the negligence in Banasia's property statements.
The house itself was described vaguely in them, and the income from its rental was to be underestimated.
“The property of Marian Banaś and his wife may be worth 6 to 8 million PLN.
In total, spouses can boast of two houses, three apartments, savings [...]“ , writes Money.pl Money.pl.
And according to the analysis of the portal, the Banasia tenement house itself was worth about PLN 3 million.
The Central anti-corruption Bureau is currently conducting an audit of Marian Banasia's wealth statements for 2015-2019.
Banaś announced that he would suspend his activities in NIK until it was completed. “I will apply to the Marshal for free leave,” he assured.
The opposition demands explanations.
“We don't hear the CBA expanding its investigation or accelerating the investigation into Marian Banasia's property claims.
Therefore, we are forced to take out the organs of the state and submit a notification about the possibility of committing a crime [...]“ , said Mariusz Witczak, MP of PO-KO.
“If a normal Pole so grossly undervalued the rental of his properties, he would already have 10 checks, a tax office and criminal and fiscal proceedings,” he added.
He went high, fell low
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Chamber of control.
He was appointed to this post on 30 August 2019, for a 6-year term.
His candidacy was submitted by the law and Justice Party and the votes of the politicians of the party were accepted.
Previously Banaś was associated with NIK in 1992-2005. He worked in this institution as a co-worker of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first governments of the law and Justice party (2005-2008) Banaś held the position of the President of the Customs Service and also the Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015 he has again sat on the stool of the head of the Customs Service, and since 2017 he has managed the National Revenue Administration.
Banaś served for 3 months as Minister of Finance in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki.
Cooler Master launches graphics card holder
Graphics cards can now weigh a lot, and this naturally makes room for the category of products that would not have been looked for on store shelves a decade ago.
This solution – the holder for the ELV8 RGB graphics card – was presented by Cooler Master.
The new graphics card holder model is not only a functional solution that allows you to maintain your graphics card more reliably without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-Express slot.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task – decorative.
“Rzeczpospolita”: ignoring police officer's order will be punished
According to the newspaper, disregard for a specific behaviour order issued by a police officer is to be a new type of offence, threatened with a fine, arrest or restriction of freedom.
Police unionists want such a change.
The idea went to the Sejm Committee on petitions.
“The case is serious because already every year more than half a million misdemeanor cases go to Polish courts,” we read.
“Rzeczpospolita” has established that the petition which the Independent Trade Union of policemen writes to MPs on amending the code of offences has a chance of success.
The authors of the petition propose a new wording of article 54a of the Code of offences.
It would read: “Whoever does not comply with the request or order of a public officer, issued within the limits and under the provisions of the law, is subject to the penalty of arrest, fine or restriction of freedom.”
“paragraph 3 of this provision speaks of an identical punishment for those who fail to comply with orders, prevent or hinder the performance of a business activity,” the newspaper reports.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told Rzeczpospolita that although he agrees with the main message of the proposal, he fears that if implemented, it could be used in political matters of manifestations.
“In situations of freedom demonstrations it would be unfavourable and instead of mitigating the situation, they would even exacerbate it,” he added.
According to statistics published by the newspaper, 86% of citizens positively evaluated police interventions in 2018 and that every month services undertake 1.5 million interventions in the city.
Buras is worried about Europe
Jáchym Topol has writing in his blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators and writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important post-war Czech playwrights, today mentioned in one row with Václav Havel.
So the curse of talent hung over Jáchym from the beginning, which he tries to use.
After eight years he returned with a “sensitive man”.
The protagonists are Buras and Soyua, along with their two sons, who, however, do not form a typical Czech family.
They are wandering actors, they travel around Europe.
He is a Shakespeare lover and thief, she is a one-eyed translator who does not part with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys has not released a sound since birth, and for the other time he stopped in infancy.
But it is not the characters who are the most important in this story.
Everybody is only a background for observing a world in which there is no place for artistic nomads anymore.
It is a world of a swollen province, a society of old, suspicious people and dissolved young people.
A “sensitive man” sometimes turns into an absurd theatre.
Narration imitates didaskalia, and the conversations of the protagonists create this world.
The stage is a Europe full of fears about its future, but also constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancels 105 flights due to Thomas Cook bankruptcy
Although the British travel agency Thomas Cook has collapsed, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann is operating.
But the company has problems.
Brussels Airlines announced that it would cancel 105 flights in October due to problems with Thomas Cook's bankruptcy, according to VRT.
Neckermann also fired 75 employees.
All trips with the office booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but holidaymakers will be able to receive a refund.
The court in Ghent also announced the bankruptcy of three Belgian subsidiaries: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, about 12 thousand Belgians are abroad on trips bought at Thomas Cook.
Another 40 thousand people were to leave office by the end of the year.
Earlier on Monday, Thomas Cook Belgium spokeswoman Leen Segers said the company was currently “fully operational” despite the announcement of bankruptcy by the British parent company, which has caused concern among employees and customers.
The office then reassured that customers who bought trips in it would go on holiday.
Thomas Cook - the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies in the world - declared bankruptcy overnight from Sunday to Monday.
The immediate cause of the bankruptcy was the collapse of last-chance talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
Creditors demanded that, in addition to the £900 million bailout plan agreed in August, the company earn an additional £200 million as collateral for the winter period, when travel agents usually have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems have been growing for several years, resulting in a debt of up to £1.6 billion.
Michał Kubiak after the match against Slovenia (1-3).
“I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
It was us who played very poorly.
This tournament is not over for us yet,” said Poland national volleyball team captain Michał Kubiak after a 1-3 defeat to Slovenia in the semi-finals of the European Championships.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for an opinion
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion – such an unusual offer was prepared for newcomers by the German Görlitz.
The measures are intended to help combat the progressive decline in the number of inhabitants of the city.
Görlitz is the easternmost city in Germany.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140 thousand tourists every year.
But according to The Guardian, the city is struggling with significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with a steady decline in population.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them left for the west of the country, which resulted in a 25 percent decline in the city's population.
In 2013 it amounted to 54 thousand people.
To combat the depopulation, officials came up with the idea to start offering free monthly accommodation in the city.
So far, 150 applications have been received for the programme.
Two thirds of them were made up by inhabitants of large cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom were also interested in the programme.
“When we applied, we thought the program was supposed to convince people to move to Görlitz,” said one of the project participants.
“Now we feel it doesn't matter whether we stay here after four weeks or not,” he added.
The city has seven thousand free housing, and unemployment is three times the average across the country.
Although the city authorities hope that some will move permanently, the main objective of the programme is to obtain feedback from the participants.
The information gathered from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revive smaller German cities.
“We want to know more about what people need and if they decide to move, what was their motivation,” said program manager Robert Knippschild.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents, offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals for living and working in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy, or in the American Tulsa in Oklahoma.
