Father Joseph Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He is a charismatic.
The Holy Mass celebrated by him for deliverance and healing attracts crowds.
He was several years old when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, through the Franciscan, others experience it.
The Holy Masses celebrated by Fr Witko for deliverance and healing attract crowds
He was once approached by the parents of a 7-month-old child who had a 7.5mm hole in his heart.
It was to be operated on.
Father Joseph Witko prayed over him.
Later that day, the boy was taken to hospital for a procedure.
Astonished doctors ruled: "Surgery is not needed, the cavity is only 1.5mm."
My parents were crying with happiness.
After another prayer of the Franciscan, the hole disappeared completely.
The clergyman began to experience the unusual actions of the Creator as a teenager.
In his dreams, the souls of purgatory came to him asking for help.
I was awake at night and urged to pray for the dead and those who died at the moment, "he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what was happening to a man who was committing mortal sin.
'My body started to change.
I lost my human qualities and started taking on the look of an animal, "he says.
The invisible force lifted him up, he couldn't get his voice out of himself.
He felt he was lost.
Then God pointed out to him the rescue.
"Immersed in the waters of the river symbolizing holy baptism, I was freed and returned to the human form...," he says.
He didn't tell anyone about these strange experiences.
The vocation matured in him.
He was 16 when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons, he wanted not only to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience Him alive.
Members of the charismatic community of renewal in the Holy Spirit
Many people participate in masses for healing celebrated by their father, who hope to get rid of the disease.
The priest emphasizes, however, that their main goal is spiritual healing, not bodily healing.
Kolping FRAC Jarosław's first defeat
This afternoon (26th September) Kolping's FRAC team deservedly succumbed at home to the current Polish Darts champion Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki as part of the 3rd LOTTO Superliga Table Tennis.
Yaroslavl, in the kind of personal juxtaposition they presented with the fortresses, has little chance of victories against the league's rulers.
This was clearly shown by the duel with Dartom Bogoria.
The team's leader, Chen Jingqi, is still missing.
Perhaps with him in the squad, the Yaroslavs would reach for their third successive triumph of the new season.
Young Asian Qiyao Han probably hasn't yet grown up to win over the likes of Greek Panagiotis Gionis and Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most promising Poles, that is, Marek Badowski.
The player from Hellada was the biggest star of the match in the MOSiR hall at Sikorskiego Street in Jarosław.
With both Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei, he was a class of his own.
After three matches, Kolping FRAC led 2-1.
Kou Lei probably edged Mark Badowski, and Daniel Górak after a thrilling five-set bout - Pavel Siruck.
But then it was worse.
Gionis gave Lea no chance.
One could still hope for a two-point win, but Qiyao Han did not live up to Badowski.
There will be no additional research for seniors.
Why?
As announced by Rafał Trzaskowski, a program of free preventive testing for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it has not received the approval of the Ministry of Health and its subordinate Agency for the Protection of Health Technology and Tariff.
In the rationale, the agency explained that the target group had been mismatched.
"The above actions may even result in detectability of individual disease units, which may contribute to exacerbating difficulties in accessing NHF benefits and negatively impacting the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort related to the falsely positive outcome of the research," it said.
The decision of the ministry is not understood by the president of the capital.
"The money is ours, we have predicted the money for it.
Only the government is afraid that if people examine themselves, they will go to the doctor later, which is absurd, because it is about bringing about a situation in which prevention can be done faster.
All specialists know that this helps in terms of the burden on the health system, because it helps in the rapid detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand, "said Rafał Trzaskowski.
"It is hard for me to imagine that expert specialists say: Let us not examine ourselves, because there will be longer queues at the doctor, and if such specialists advise the government, I am not surprised that there is health care in such a state," the Civic Platform politician added.
Palestine responds to Israel: We will break all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas announced Thursday at a session of the United Nations General Assembly that he would break any agreements reached with Israel if the country's future government tries to fulfill Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement to annex occupied Palestinian lands.
"If the future Israeli government that is formed proceeds with the implementation of this plan, we will nullify all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made," he announced.
"We will reject the whole plan completely and completely," threatened Abbas with pressure.
"It is our duty to defend all our rights by all means possible - not important what the consequences will be - by engaging completely in working towards the application of international law and in the fight against terrorism," declared the president of the Palestinian Authority, who had already made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, Israel's former prime minister, was again given a mission to form a government after the Sept. 17 election.
A week before the election, he announced that if he won it, he would announce the annexation of the Jordan Valley and intend to include all Jewish settlements across the West Bank in Israel.
In the early 1990s, Israel and the Palestinians, led by Yasser Arafat at the time, signed a series of peace agreements under the auspices of the United States.
Abbas, 84, also promised to hold a general election on Palestinian soil during the UN General Assembly session.
The last took place in 2006.
"On my return to the country, I will call local elections in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem, and all those who oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community," the Palestinian president solemnly declared.
Abbas also defended in his speech the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the United Nations, to exercise the powers afforded to "full members of the United Nations and all its bodies and institutions."
The Palestinian leader concluded by calling on the international community to "compel Israel to comply in full respect of the provisions of the United Nations."
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas' speech, declaring that the Palestinian leader "prefers to focus at the United Nations on the Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel rather than fight against calls for terrorism in the Autonomy under his leadership."
Danon, however, as the agencies note, did not allude to Netanyahu's announced annexation of occupied Palestinian lands.
Rescuers want defibrillators in sensitive points of Przemyśl
A story from the border crossing shows that an AED automatic defibrillator can save human lives.
The Provincial Emergency Service Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be located in sensitive points of the city.
For their attitude, the officers received congratulatory diplomas from the Provincial Emergency Station in Przemyśl.
Apprentice Daniel Cyrnek, senior trainee Grzegorz Bal and Commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Podkarpackie Tax and Customs Office in Przemyśl.
The Customs and Revenue Service officer noticed an unconscious man lying in a pedestrian zone.
A Chinese activist has died in custody as a result of torture.
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Constitution
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, was called by the Communist Party secretary from her home village on September 23 to report that her husband had just died at a military hospital in Hengyang.
Which was the cause of death, "he did not reveal.
In the morgue, Cao saw her husband's body butchered, unrecognisable.
"His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were all in his blood," the woman says.
"They didn't let me take my cell with them, and there were a lot of police around who didn't get close to Wang."
Police pushed for her to sign a statement saying her husband was seriously ill and died from an "unfortunate accident."
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million of funding will go to companies from the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
On Friday, the National Centre for Research and Development announced the results of the third edition of the GameINN programme.
Among the nearly 30 projects that supported the NCBR were, among others, the development of a platform for creating field games based on an AR game engine creating a map of the real world along with an application enabling data transmission by users; a test and training platform for verifying practical skills at the workplace and professional development using VR and AI technology; an innovative game simulating the management of real production processes using an innovative gameplay model based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the concept of industry 4.0, according to the NCBR release sent to PAP on Friday.
The aim of the GameINN sector programme is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish video game producers sector on the global market in the perspective of 2023.
According to the NCBR, today the Polish video game sector is growing at a rate of 10% per year.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 amounted to PLN 1.85 billion, while the forecast for 2019 is 2.23 billion.
"The specially prepared GameINN research agenda and already reaching 300 million PLN support for entrepreneurs under this sector program provide an important impetus for further, dynamic growth of the Polish gamedev," reads the release.
The video game industry is an excellent example of effective use of the potential we have in Poland.
"The government's incentives for innovation-focused entrepreneurs, such as R & D reliefs, competence improvement programmes, IP box or support programmes implemented by the NCBR drive innovation activities of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a very competitive market," says Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the release.
The head of the science ministry points out that money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of funding projects, but also stays in their pockets - three-quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from the R & D relief in 2018 than a year earlier.
"The amount of deductible costs related to R & D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in over PLN 300 million of savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is the equivalent of the support provided by the NCBR in three editions of GameINN, "emphasizes the deputy prime minister.
Wojciech Kamieniecki, PhD, Director of the National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR), recalls that 78 innovative projects were awarded in two previous co-financing competitions with a total value of over PLN 211.2 million.
The huge interest in the 3rd competition and the variety of applications submitted show that the video game industry has the ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
"Particularly gratifying is the fact that among the selected projects - as in previous editions - there are projects concerning solutions for not only entertainment, but also related to industry 4.0," he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding of up to PLN 20 million.
The NCBR received 87 applications for a total amount of PLN 317 million.
The budget of the competition at the time of the announcement of the competition was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects were awarded almost PLN 105 million in funding.
Detailed information about the results of the 3rd GameINN competition is available at ncbr.gov.pl.
The GameINN sector programme is implemented within the framework of the Smart Development Operational Programme.
NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to an initiative of entrepreneurs associated in the Polish Games Agreement, which includes companies such as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga pleaded guilty to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident happened on September 16.
Dolberg, who arrived from Ajax Amsterdam in Nice at the end of August, realised after training that his watch had disappeared from the dressing room.
Not just any, because it is worth EUR 70 000.
The furious Dane did not show up for class the next day, explaining his stomach problems.
The case was puzzling from the start.
Players in the locker room have private safes at their disposal and the club area is monitored.
According to AFP, Diaby-Fadiga eventually confessed to the theft.
The 18-year-old has already apologised to Dolberg and his other teammates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised the Dane to return the money for his watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most prospective footballers of the young generation in France.
He went to Nice as a 13-year-old before making his first team debut three years later.
He has appeared in seven games this season.
He recently signed a professional contract but, according to L'Equipe newspaper, the club are likely to dissolve him with immediate effect.
For now, he has launched disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, refuses to comment on the matter.
See if you're sure to wash your hands well
We all know that they need to be washed (for example, after coming home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it the right way.
This is important especially now that autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
And yet most of us wash them shorter!
It is enough hot water and ordinary soap - it is not true that it must be antibacterial (many doctors even discourage them).
By washing, we rub not only the soles and tops of the hand, but also: finger tips (combined or individually) - rub them with circular movements against the inside of the other hand, the spaces between the fingers (weave your hands, rubbing your fingers against each other), thumbs - each thumb we cover with the other hand and in this embrace we spin it a moment right and left.
In an emergency situation (when you can't wash your hands) you should wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief and then use an antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from 5 zł).
After using the public toilet, do not touch the handles or doors with washed hands (recommendation of the Main Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them through a paper towel.
Iran president says he rejected proposal for talks with US, Donald Trump denies
Tehran did not engage in talks with the US side during the UN General Assembly in New York, despite an offer by the Americans to lift sanctions, Iranian President Hassan Rowhani said on Friday.
US President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side that asked for the restrictions to be lifted, something he disagreed with.
According to Iranian President Hassan Rowhani, the Americans have proposed lifting all sanctions imposed on Tehran in exchange for starting negotiations on a new international deal.
It would regulate both Iran's nuclear program and its ballistic missile construction program.
Rowhani: Iran will not engage in talks amid maximum pressure
Iran's president said he had not agreed to engage in those talks because of the "toxic atmosphere."
He said he had met with American diplomats because he had succumbed to the urges of France, Germany and Britain.
However, he insisted Iran would not engage in talks in an atmosphere of "maximum pressure."
"And even if we want to negotiate with the Americans in the 5 + 1 format, no one is able to predict what the end result will be," Rowhani said.
A day earlier, the Iranian leader said he was not ruling out talks with the US, and accused European parties to the nuclear deal of favoring US sanctions on Iran.
He added that sanctions imposed on Iran following the US withdrawal from the nuclear deal "are a prerequisite that does not allow" dialogue to be established.
If we can abolish this prerequisite and if America abolishes sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America, "he declared.
He added that he did not rule out a meeting with US President Donald Trump, despite not agreeing to such a conversation in the past week during the UN General Assembly.
Trump: 'Iran asked, I said no'
Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that he was the one who rejected the Iranian side's request.
'Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them so we could meet.
Of course I said 'no!' "the US president tweeted.
Tension with atomic deal in the background
France, Germany and Britain are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran to salvage in some form the 2015 Iran deal they were signatories to.
It stated that in return for the lifting of economic sanctions, Iran would abandon its nuclear weapons construction program and that the nuclear sector would be placed under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the US withdrew from the agreement in May 2015, the other signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in place.
For now, nothing has come of it.
Washington uses tactics to put maximum pressure on Iran, and the sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran has announced that if it does not receive a permit to export the crude, it will limit its commitments, under the deal, every 60 days.
HRUBIESSES: Cabaret pod Wyrwigrosz
We have tickets for you!
Kabaret pod Wyrwigrosz will perform on October 6 at 4 p.m. at the Hrubieszowski House of Culture in Hrubieszów.
Cabaret pod Wyrwigrosz will present a program, entitled "Tra ta ta."
There will be talks, among others, about pop-up drinks and about Toruń's geotherm.
Tickets are 60 zł each, you can buy them in HDK, as well as on the website bilettowakasa.pl.
For TZ readers we have free tickets.
To get them, check out our Facebook profile.
A judge at the Provincial Administrative Court in Warsaw and husband of heiress Emilia, who - in her words and screenshots from WhatsAppa - participated in stalking against judges, was reinstated for ruling by the NSA on Wednesday.
The reason: disciplinary proceedings have not been initiated against him, so there is no basis to uphold the order of the President of the Supreme Administrative Court Wojciech Mazur to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a disciplinary spokesman at the NSA, opened an investigation against Szmydt at the end of August, but it has not so far evolved into a proceeding against him.
Even though the NSA, which acts as a disciplinary court in such cases, must address the decision of the President of the JSC within a month of its issuance.
In this situation, a judge who publicly talked about mental problems of his wife in order to discredit her, who due to suspicion of participating in the group was removed from the office of the National Court Register, will return to adjudication and will pass judgments on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his involvement in the heist group.
He says there is no evidence of this except for falsified screenshots and the words of his wife, with whom he is divorced.
Exactly the same is claimed by the other judges linked to "Caste": everyone is innocent, there is no evidence.
And it's quite possible that they'll put on their own.
Because the prosecution did not sneak its finger to secure evidence from their electronic media. It is also silent about the contents of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which was stopped by the phone in June in another case.
The police did not tip their finger to secure the devices of people whom Judge Waldemar Żurek pointed out as persecutors in a report in February.
There is no evidence - there is no case for Szmydt, there is no case for "Kasta."
Nor is there a case by the head of the NIK Marian Banasia for renting the tenement to the basement and hiding the proceeds.
The CBA checks his property statements.
And he'll check when he checks.
And the Commission of the Parliamentary Ethics will not deal with the Banas because the Sejm is suspended (but the Commission of State Control somehow came together to make a bizarre decision to dismiss Banas' deputies and appoint him as the acting lawyer, although the law does not provide for such a strange combination).
The whole thing reminds me of a film novella, American probably, about how a wife comes home and finds her husband with his lover in bed.
She is so amazed and devastated that she can't shout a word.
She stands in the door speechless, and during that time her lover quickly pops out of bed, dresses up and walks out.
And the husband shall cloth the bed.
When the wife regains her voice and shouts: what is it supposed to be?
Who is this woman?
My husband quietly asks: what woman, darling?
Only that in the case of 'Kasta' or Banasia there is a parody of the state.
And that's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Signing an agreement with an auditor to audit financial statements for 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S.A. announces that on 27 September 2019 it signed an agreement with Premium Audyt Spółka z o.o. with its registered office in Poznań at Czartoria 1 / 1 street, entered into the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court of Poznań - Nowe Miasto and Wilda in Poznań, VIII Commercial Division of the National Court Register, entered into the list of entities authorised to audit financial statements under number 3992.
The subject of the agreement is the audit of the financial statements of Maxipizza S.A. for the following financial years: a. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, c. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in the high jump final
Earlier this season, the player returning to competition after her maternity break, the 2017 World Cup bronze medallist from London, beat 1.85 and 1.89 in her first attempt and 1.92 in her second.
1.94 managed to get it only in the third approach.
"I'm glad.
I showed that I could fight because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I'll have to jump better technically, "Lićwinko admitted in front of Eurosport's camera.
In the heats, American Vashti Cunningham and Belarusian Karyna Demidik were the best - after 1.94.
Both players were the only ones not to drop any height.
The women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
Kick-off at 7.30pm Polish time.
Kornel Morawiecki is in hospital in serious condition
He was taken to hospital and doctors describe his condition as severe.
It has to be added that he is conscious and aware.
"We believe he will come out of it, he will win again.
We are all praying for him to recover, "an anonymous loved one of Kornel Morawiecki told Super Express journalists.
In the upcoming election, the prime minister's father is running for Senate.
"I'm kept alive by my immediate family and politics," Kornel Morawiecki said in an interview he gave to Super Express reporters two weeks ago.
In January, Super Express reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki had been admitted to the Military Hospital in Wrocław for testing.
'There were strange, distressing symptoms with me and I reported myself to hospital.
It came out that I had jaundice.
But the worst was in front of me.
When the examination was done with a CT scan it was found that I had pancreatic cancer..., "the Prime Minister's father said.
A few days later, Kornel Morawiecki underwent a major operation at the Ministry of Interior hospital in Warsaw.
As Morawiecki said, president Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain priest Zbigniew Kras to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and was successful.
'I know many people prayed for me for which I thank you so much.
Luckily, I don't rather have metastasis.
I don't know yet if I'm going to undergo chemotherapy.
I put myself in the hands of specialist doctors who are rather good-minded.
For now, after this severe operation, I have to return to some state of usability.
I hope that everything will be good, "noted Kornel Morawiecki in an interview with SE in January.
"If I had undergone an examination too late then the situation would have been dire and I would have said goodbye to that paddock already...," he added.
Kraków: 14-year-old missing
Officers from the City Police Headquarters in Krakow are searching for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact them.
Missing on September 26 in the evening, she left her place of residence and has not yet returned or made contact with her loved ones.
She was last seen at Stary Gościniec Street in Kraków.
Nel Stokłosa is 14 years old, 167 cm tall, has blonde hair and grey-blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was dressed in a hoodie, grey trousers and shoes.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact police at 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The power of leaps and bounds.
The title of the coverage of amateur sports competitions, held on Sunday afternoon September 15 on the hippodrome at Oleandry Street in Oława, can be confusing for some.
The road to true power is a long one, but this is the name used to describe one of the types of horse rivalry...
The competition of the power of jumping consists in overcoming higher and higher obstacles by the rider and horse, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed up to two meters.
It is worth mentioning that the long and still unbeaten world record, set back in 1949 by the Chilean Albert Larraguibel, on the horse "Huaso," is 247 cm.
Of course, nobody jumped so high in Oława, but the result of the best local amazons at 135 cm is also not the worst...
The competition organized by tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other activists of JKS "In the Saddle," constituted a demonstration part of the previously held "Rainbow equestrian competitions," about which we write more broadly in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight amazons took part in the competition, training horsemanship in JKS in Oława.
Four competed on ponies and four on big horses.
In the first group, the best was Nikola Szołdra, sitting crazy "Sprinter."
This small but very dynamic rumac started by overcoming obstacles spread at a height of 40 cm, and ended only at the stationary with the upper beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not give up easily and it was only after three further refusals that he was dismissed from the competition by the jury.
Second place in the pony jumps was taken by Amelia Pawlak, sitting "Famy," and third by Lena Boruń on "Harmider."
Ambitiously fought the youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, galloping and jumping over obstacles on the small mare "Carmen."
Even more excitement accompanied the starter amazons and spectators during the competition with the participation of large horses.
Paulina Szewczyk, sitting on the "Declaration," and Anastasia Abramenko, who was riding on "Lotka," scored threatening falls.
Fortunately, apart from minor bruises, nothing bad happened to the amazons or horses, so they continued to participate in the competition.
Weronika Łuczkiewicz had a lot of problems with introducing the young mare "Wineta" to the parkur.
Either an asist trainer or another horse for the pair was needed, followed by a little crazy "Wineta."
"Everything is under control," reassured Jan Sienkiewicz a little scared spectators, especially the youngest ones.
From the beginning of the big horses competition Marta Masalska, sitting on a beautifully presented "Whisky," performed great on the dance floor.
This dignified mare, paired with an experienced amazon, was the first to jump 135 cm behind the second approach in the final phase and it was the best result of the competition at that moment.
After a while, however, Paulina Szewczyk also scored the same height on the "Declaration," Weronika Łuczkiewicz on "Wineta" and Anastasia Abramenko on "Lotka."
To decorate the flo and to receive the prizes in the form of equestrian equipment went all these contestants together, and finally together with the amazons on the ponies in the rhythm of the march Radecki performed an impressive round of honor, ending this interesting and exciting competition.
Acknowledgements
Equestrian Sports Club "W Siodle" would like to thank the sponsors of the jump power competition during the XVI "Rainbow Equestrian Professions": the Municipal Office in Oława, the Department of Water Supply and Sewage in Oława, the District Office and the company "Mustang."
Max Kolonko cuts himself off from KWW Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution
KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko is the name of the electoral committee under which the political formation # R Revolution of Mariusz Max Kolonko was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution directed its proposal especially at young voters with right-wing views.
Before the elections, Kolonko announced cooperation with Marek Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions took place, and the Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko did not manage to collect enough signatures to issue letters in any constituency in Poland.
Now, Kolonko announced on Twitter that he had ended his collaboration with KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko.
"I will expect the abovementioned KWW to delete my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to associate my person with the above mentioned entity, "he added and announced that he would provide more information soon.
It is not yet known whether the journalist will continue his action or whether this is the end of formation # R Revolution.
On July 4, US Independence Day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko announced the formation of a new political formation - # R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko has become famous for hosting the Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
"We are fed up with the politicians, enough of your foolish games, enough of your amateur rule.
It is time for the authorities in the state to take over the Nation and govern for the good of the Nation, "Kolonko said at the time.
The party's agenda included issues relating to the judiciary (it should be elected in general elections), tax changes (equalling the tax-free quota for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid to NATO's eastern flank countries, with particular emphasis on Poland), holding a referendum on gun ownership, limiting the number of MPs or introducing single-member constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of the formation of the new political formation, Mariusz Max Kolonko started talks with Marek Jakubiak.
In late July, Kolonko posted information on his social media profile suggesting that # R would join forces with the Kukiz '15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions ultimately took place.
UBS: Gold close to balance point
"The euro exchange rate will continue in the coming months near the ceiling of PLN 4.35, accompanied by a weak economic situation on global markets," says Michael Bolliger of UBS Wealth Management.
"Expectations of maintaining a solid pace of economic growth and stable monetary policy are in favour of stabilizing the gold prices at the current ceiling," says the specialist in an interview with Bankier.pl.
In his view, despite clear inflationary pressures, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide on rate hikes in an environment where the vast majority of central banks are easing policy.
"While the zloty is properly valued - euro prices should remain around the ceiling of PLN 4.35 in the coming months - according to him, Polish bonds are not very attractive.
Significantly more profitable than Polish securities are offered by bonds from emerging markets, "says Michael Bolliger, head of asset allocation for emerging markets, accompanied by UBS Wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the downturn in the world.
"The global slowdown could get worse, but there shouldn't be a severe recession and, at most, GDP dynamics going down slightly below zero," says Michael Bolliger.
"Investors should underweight global equities that may be harmed by a lack of prospects for resolving the U.S.-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risk factors, including Donald Trump's impeachment procedure and Brexit.
Europe should behave relatively least among equity markets, "according to a recent letter to investors by UBS Wealth Management chief executive Mark Haefele.
"Shares from euro zone countries should behave worse than U.S. ones because they are more vulnerable amid heightened uncertainty around global trade and fears of a slowdown," the document read.
According to Michael Bolliger, after the boom in the bond markets of the safest countries pushed the profitability of the German 10-year to as low as minus 0.74%, it is still possible to deepen the decline in profitability.
However, in the long term, the profitability of long-term securities should no longer fall, but only short-term ones, as a result of the easing of banks' monetary policy.
The Fed has the biggest room for rate cuts, which should lead to a weakening of the U.S. currency in the horizon of years to come.
The long-term balance point for the euro is the $1.29 cap, which would mean a 19% potential to strengthen the common currency to the dollar.
We expect further reductions in Fedu rates, which will result in a reduction in the differences in monetary policy in the world.
"To maintain the strength of the dollar in the long term may not allow the current account and budget deficits," announces Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr is losing its weapons.
Confidential report of the German Ministry of Defence
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has recorded the disappearance of 39 weapons, 39 weapons and 19,445 rounds of ammunition, according to a confidential statement compiled in the Federal Ministry of Defence.
The news was reported by press belonging to media group RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the MON parliamentary secretary of state Peter Tauber's office (CDU), two weapons, one weapon and 3,474 rounds of ammunition have so far been re-tracked.
Among the military equipment still missing are six MG3 universal machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic rifles, six signal guns and two P8 pistols.
In addition, 30 barrels for MG3 machine guns are missing.
The Left party's vice-president, Martina Renner, expressed concern about the situation.
The number of missing weapons and ammunition is "alarming," RND told reporters.
All the more so because, as a result of the investigations, only a small part of the lost equipment was found.
Martina Renner summed up the effects of these actions as a "miserable balance sheet."
She also criticized the fact that the list did not show whether there was a weapon there either, which was found during an investigation against Bundeswehr kidnapper Franco A. In December 2017, the federal prosecutor's office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a grievous act of violence threatening state security and violating the provisions of the law governing access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing assassinations of leading German politicians for far-right and racist motives.
His "blacklist" of targets, which fell into the hands of the prosecution, included then-Justice Minister Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green party, and Anetta Kahane, a human rights defender and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung foundation in Berlin.
Franco A. entered illegally into possession of four firearms, more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition and more than 50 explosives.
The crying children on the plane.
How to avoid them?
There's a solution
Japan Airlines has recently used a feature designed for people for whom travelling accompanied by a crying child is a nightmare.
Through the website, the airline allows you to check the schedule of seats on the plane.
If a given connection is traveled by minors up to the age of two, the "child icon" appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place distant from that occupied by the toddler.
The BBC says the lines have already reported the imperfections of this solution.
A "child icon" will not appear when a ticket has been booked by a third party or if there was a change in the aircraft at the last minute.
As you might expect, the idea divided internet users.
Some Twitter users point to the problem of travelling with crying children being solved with noise-cancelling headphones.
It's kids, we used to be them, too.
"We need to learn tolerance because we will soon start needing a map of seating for mouth-breathing, drooling or drunks," user G Sundar wrote.
Another internet user noticed he was once bothered by crying children on the plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent himself.
Ne also lacks supporters of a solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"Thank you for warning me of screaming children during the 13-hour journey," wrote Rahat Ahmed.
Majorca counts losses after travel agent Thomas Cook's bankruptcy
More than 25,000 foreign tourists will not arrive on holiday in Majorca in October as a result of a Thomas Cook travel agent declared bankrupt on Monday.
According to an autonomous Balearic government representative, Marc Pons, on Friday, among the 25,000 holidaymakers who will not be able to take their October holiday in Majorca are also people who were due to travel with companies indirectly associated with Thomas Cook, such as Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80% of expected holidaymakers who had to give up their holiday in Majorca next month are German and Scandinavian nationals due to the British company's bankruptcy.
However, according to Pons, due to the fact that Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the Balearic island in the November-April period, the losses to the local economy will be less.
He revealed that the Balearic government had already begun negotiations with international operators about "entering the Majorca market" following the bankruptcy of the British operator.
Estimates from the newspaper Diario de Mallorca show that more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs in October due to the tourism crisis in Mallorca.
About 800 are laid off employees at Thomas Cook's office in Palma.
Other people will lose their jobs mainly in the hotel sector.
On Monday, with Thomas Cook declaring bankruptcy at multiple Majorca hotels, facility owners demanded guests pay an additional overnight fee.
This situation was experienced by, among others, dozens of tourists from Poland.
The Balearic government estimates that by Thursday, dozens of hotels in Majorca had halted operations until at least the end of October due to Thomas Cook declaring bankruptcy and its affiliates.
Friday's Diario de Ibiza, on the other hand, indicates that most Ibiza-based hotels that have worked with the Thomas Cook group are not carrying the intent to close outlets in the coming weeks.
The paper recalls that on this Balearic island, the British bankruptcy cooperated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, autonomous Balearic authorities announced they would ask the Spanish government to support the region with €100m to cover losses caused by travel agent Thomas Cook declaring bankruptcy.
They revealed that the most affected tourists in this archipelago, about 36,000 people, are in Majorca.
Balearic government figures show that Thomas Cook is inundating local travel companies, mostly hotel operators, for the implementation of contracts for the July-September 2019 period of around €5 million.
FIFA Women's Ranking.
Poland still in 29th place, USA at the helm
Poland's women's national team is ranked 29th in the International Football Federation (FIFA) rankings published on Friday.
In the same position, coach Miłosz Stępiński's team was classified in the previous July standings.
Poor squad matches.
How will it be in October?
The leaders were the American women, who recently defended their title of world champion.
The second place in the ranking was held by German women, while the third place was held by Dutch women.
Polish women are preparing for ME qualifications.
They were due to start them with an away game against the Czech Republic on September 3.
The day before the meeting, it was postponed by a year due to food poisoning of its opponents.
In this situation, Polish women will inaugurate their qualifications with a meeting with Spanish women on 12 November in Lublin.
Previously, "White and Red" will play two friendly matches - on October 3 away to Cyprus and five days later in Kielce against Brazil.
In the group of rivals of the Polish women's national football team are Spain, Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The group winners and the top three second-placed teams advance directly to the final tournament.
The other six teams from second position will play in the play-offs for the last three passes to the European Championship.
The 16 participants will be complemented by the host nation - England.
Poland's men's national team in the FIFA World Rankings in September dropped from 20th to 22nd place.
"Rom": Smog squeezed the government
"The effects of the Clean Air programme are dim, and coal stoves will kick in as if nothing ever happened this winter," we read on the front page of today's Rzeczpospolita.
"So far, 82,000 applications have been submitted under the Clean Air programme for funding with a total value of PLN 2 billion, of which 48,000 decisions have been positive.
The accepted applications amount to a total of over PLN 915 million, "says" Rz, "citing data from a spokesman for the Minister of Environment.
As the paper points out, only part of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the program.
The results of the hype-announced programme are judged by the daily to be "modest."
Local government officials, quoted by "Rz," see the failures of "Clean Air" among others in too much bureaucracy.
"The program should be much simpler: electronic notification, sending invoices by post, possible random control of the implementation.
This would improve the activities, "thinks Mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński Jacek Wiśniowski.
Activists from the Polish smog alert note that in the first year of operation less than 1% of the assumed target of replacing 3 million kicking boilers was achieved.
As noted by "Rz," although the budget of the program is 103 billion zlotys for 10 years, that is, 10 billion zlotys a year, this amount is virtual.
"The budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management for this year amounts to PLN 1.4 billion," it reads.
Congress agrees to F-35 for Poland
Błaszczak: Now the price negotiations
The U.S. Congress approved the sale of 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft to Poland.
"This is one of the last steps before concluding the contract, but not the end of our work," Mariusz Błaszczak wrote on Twitter.
"We will negotiate hard to achieve the most favorable price," the Polish minister added.
Agreement for Polish F-35s
The Polish Air Force is expected to power 32 F-35 Lightning II fighter jets produced by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the US State Department agreed to sell them to Poland.
The Communication underlines that the investment will support the national security and foreign policy of the United States by improving the security of the NATO ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to information from the State Department, Poland is expected to pay $6.5 billion for the fighter jets.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department noted that the contract will also include supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, performance of engineering, logistics and human resources services, and related elements of logistics and program support and staff training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighter jets
The Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II is a single-seat, single-engine, fifth-generation multi-role fighter.
The aircraft is capable of carrying out close support missions, bombing missions and typically fighter aerial warfare tasks.
By using stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable for near-range radars.
Recently, F-35 fighter jets bought Belgium as part of a $4.55 billion contract.
The Belgians want to replace the aging F-16 with them.
Other U.S. allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, are also expected to consider buying U.S. warplanes.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
The Barbie maker has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls.
He wants to fight stereotypes in this way.
Barbie manufacturer has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls
Alongside Barbie with a variety of skin colors, figure or hairstyle, Mattel has launched gender-neutral dolls.
Toys from the "Creatable World" series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie has to have short hair or long.
Their wardrobe consists of both trousers and dresses.
In the blink of an eye, dolls can become boys from girls and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothing.
It has also been dropped from highlighting gender-specific features - gendered dolls no longer have full mouths, long eyelashes and a slim waist or - in Ken's case - wide arms.
The company believes children don't like it when their dolls have gender norms imposed, and some parents and feminists are convinced that toys made with a specific gender in mind inhibit girls "ambitions and reinforce traditional stereotypes.
"The new dolls will allow all children to feel free," announces Mattel.
The Barbie doll, which appeared on the market in 1959 wearing a swimsuit and high-heeled shoes, has been criticised repeatedly in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes" such as unnatural body proportions, for example.
The company has responded to the criticism and has already launched dolls of different skin colours as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls in the hijab.
Zandberg: Circle or club Together can have a dozen MPs
When asked on ZET radio how many candidates of his party could enter the Seym from the lists of leftist groups (KW SLD, from which candidates for the Seym of the SLD, Spring and Left run), Zandberg replied that it depends on the result of the committee.
"I believe that the result of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people bind hope to the fact that the Left is not only right, but also has strength," he noted.
According to Zandberg, the left could have 60-80 MPs.
"This could mean that the Circle or Club Together will have a dozen MPs.
But it depends on Polish women and Poles.
I'm not going to guess and say how it's going to happen, "he said.
Asked if Left Together would have a separate circle, Zandberg said: "We are contracted to be diverse, and we will not pretend that this diversity is not there.
I think that Poles rewarded this diversity because we showed that by different ways, we were able to agree on a common program. "
Asked if the biggest beneficiary of the joint run was SLD leader Włodzimierz Czarzasty, Zandberg replied that he believed the biggest beneficiaries were centre-left and left-wing voters.
In turn, noting that it was the SLD that would get the whole subsidy, he said that "the goal of the political party is to represent its voters."
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the elections to the Sejm.
In the case of elections to the Senate, he indicated that he was wondering.
"The offer is diverse and there are candidates in this offer to whom my heart is closer, but there are also those to whom my heart is further away," he stated.
"However, I will be very honest and clear that if I were in District 44 of the Senate, I would take an election certificate and vote in another district," the politician stressed.
"I guess I would not try to vote for minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO candidate - PAP)," he added.
In this district, apart from Ujazdowski, the leader of Citizens of the Republic of Poland Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from the Law and Justice party are running.
Dakar: West Africa's largest mosque opens
Tens of thousands of people from across Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday for the inauguration of a huge mosque, believed to be the largest in West Africa.
Muslims flocked by bus, car and on foot to the Bopp district, where a new mosque stood, capable of holding 30,000 worshippers.
The facility was built by the Mouride fraternity, part of the Sufi Islamic trend that dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago in a six-hectare wetland area donated by the government.
The name of Massalikul Jinan ("Paths to Paradise") comes from the title of a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the 19th-century founder of the fraternity, revered by followers as a saint.
The mosque is covered with Carrara marble and has five minarets.
The highest point is 78 meters.
The mosque will house 15,000 worshippers inside, and the other as many may be on the outer esplanade.
The richly finished interiors feature a gilded dome, giant chandeliers and decorations hand-crafted by Moroccan workers.
Builders say the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the edifice has no comparison to mosques in other regions anyway.
In Morocco, the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca can hold 105,000 worshippers.
The construction of the mosque, which cost more than €30 million, was funded by private donations.
In addition to the land, the government has provided lighting, sanitation and road works worth EUR 10.5 million.
Trainer Smyła: Our problem is not Silesia, but ourselves
Passage of eight league games without a win Crown players will try to break in Friday's meeting with the Deputy Premier League of Silesia.
"Our problem is not Wrocław, but ourselves, we have to work on what we play," emphasized coach Mirosław Smyła.
Crown players last and so far the only victory in the league recorded in the first round, when away they beat 1-0 beniaminka Raków Częstochowa.
The gelding later recorded two draws and six defeats, and lost 1-0 to Zagłębie Lubin in the 1 / 32 Polish Cup final on Tuesday.
"It fills me with optimism that in the final seconds of the cup match the players were fighting for a goal, they wanted to draw.
Their fall on the pitch after the final whistle was not due to a breakdown, only it was a collapse of anger because they were so close, "Smyła said.
As he pointed out, Silesia has very strong wings, which is why it will sensitize the team to play in the side sectors of the pitch.
"We're aware of the quality of the opponent, but we're also looking at what we want to play," the coach added.
Friday's game in Crown will certainly not feature Ognjen Gnjatic pausing for an excess of yellow cards. Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski will also be missing from the squad.
On the other hand, it is edifying to come forward in a knockout match of several players with a desire to play.
"We have a headache, it seemed not to be there recently, and now it is," Smyła stated.
Crown defender Daniel Dziwniel stressed that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the streak of eight league games in a row without a win, while in the top flight anyone can win against anyone.
"We're a good team.
In recent weeks we may not be showing it on the pitch, but the moment will come when we win and we believe it will be on Friday, "the player noted.
After nine rounds of the Ekstraklasa, Korona is 15th with five points.
Silesia has accumulated 12 more and is in second place.
Friday's game in Kielce will start at 8: 30 p.m.
These trees can completely disappear from Europe
"42% of the tree species that make up Europe's stands are endangered," warns the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in its Red List of European Trees published on Friday.
At the top of the list are chestnuts and rowan.
IUCN, an organisation based in Gland, Switzerland, publishes a list of endangered species of European trees for the first time.
It was drawn up by specialists who, based on research, concluded that of the 454 tree species found in Europe (as well as elsewhere in the world), 42% are "highly endangered."
Among the causes, the Red Paper lists the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, the most endangered are those trees and shrubs that occur only or mainly on our continent.
As for the typically European stands, 58% of species are at risk, according to IUCN specialists, and 15%, or 66 species of trees and shrubs, are at risk of extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red Paper lists errors in the exploitation of stands, accelerated urbanisation, excessive logging, followed by forest fires and changes in the European ecostism.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also under serious threat.
"The consequences of human activity lead to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a threat in Europe to the extinction of important and undervalued varieties that underpin European ecosystems and affect the health of our planet," concluded the report by Luc Bas, who heads the European office of the IUCN.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I don't promise 600 +
"Today the Law and Justice party wants to bribe Poles by offering them a loan for their freedom, which will have to be repaid by future generations," says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview for "Rzeczpospolita."
In his opinion, "the whole politics of the Law and Justice party is pic."
At the same time, the politician promises that "what is given will not be taken away."
Schetyna asserts in an interview with Jacek Nizinkiewicz that she has an idea to defeat Law and Justice.
It is about mobilising the electorate at the ballot boxes.
In his opinion, the opposition has more potential in this respect than Kaczyński's party.
"Today there are more conscious people who want to live in a normal state than supporters of the Law and Justice party, a party which has betrayed the proclaimed values, such as modesty, humility, transparency," says Schetyna.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic Platform also marked the basic assumptions of the electoral programme of the KO.
"First of all, nothing that is given will be taken away, but it is necessary to set the direction for the future, because the Law and Justice party deals only with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even from dramatically low investments," he stated.
Secondly, it is about 'mobilising the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work honestly - and those who are entrepreneurial'.
Schetyna explains that the KO program includes, among others, a project that will give the least-paid Poles more about 614 zlotys per hand, and more earners - also several hundred.
The politician also indicated that he did not want to race for handouts.
As he said, he will do as much as he can do, but he does not promise 600 +.
"I will never allow the Greek variant where those in power were bidding with the opposition for handouts until the financial collapse of the country finally occurred," he stressed.
In an interview with Rz, Schetyna also stated that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki were afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"Pride is stepping before the fall.
Kaczynski is a statesman like Banas is crystal, "he added.
The Civic Platform leader also said he had not yet decided whether he would run to chair the Platform.
Argentina: Six dead condors great
Six dead grand condors have been found in Argentina's Santa Cruz province, TVN24 reports.
Specialists believe human activity contributed to their deaths.
Large condors have probably been poisoned with a means to kill predators such as pumas, foxes or wild dogs.
The animals may have eaten a toxic carcass.
In addition to one young individual, the rest of the dead condors were adults.
"This is a big loss for the environment as the condor needs to reach 10-15 years for it to become prolific and able to reproduce.
So we're losing a protected species, an endangered species, "says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organization.
"I think using toxic bait and poison puts not only this species at risk, but all other forms of life, including human health," he adds.
"Rom": They want a gem for the president
Work has begun to give the head of state a precious chain.
The idea was supported by Andrzej Duda's office - we read in 'Rzeczpospolita'.
As the newspaper explains, it is about the gold chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insignia officially known in the interwar period as the jewel of the Republic of Poland.
The last time it was used was probably by president Ignacy Mościcki.
"Rz" states that soon such a chain can hit the shoulders of Andrzej Duda.
The Senate Committee on Human Rights, the Rule of Law and Petitions voted on Wednesday to work on an amendment to the Orders and Orders Act to restore it.
The Journal writes that this is also not the first attempt to restore this chain to the head of state.
The Senate had already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it was lost by one vote.
This time, the work is rapid.
At the beginning of August, the senators devoted a few minutes to this matter, considering that they would consult the President's Office.
This came in mid-September.
"I kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in this petition," the presidential minister Andrzej Dera wrote at the time.
On Wednesday, the case continued with a Senate committee and again devoted little time to the matter.
"The Chancellery of the President answered us briefly: he is for bringing it back," said the head of the commission, Robert Mamątow from the Law and Justice party, quoted by "Rz."
He submitted a motion for legislative work, which the committee supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through the intersection
The police action will be conducted, among others, at the intersection of Cieplińskiego Avenue and Piłsudskiego Avenue.
Uniformed activities are related to the recent complaints of the city authorities about drivers who are not always able to behave properly at the crossroads.
On Friday, 27 September, policemen begin preventive actions "Mobile junctions" in Rzeszów.
It is about eliminating traffic obstructions: entering an intersection without the possibility of an exit, not adhering to light signals or road signs.
"We often think that we are alone at the crossroads, and in fact we make life difficult for other drivers," said Marek Ustrobiński, the city's vice president a few days ago.
His words sounded out at a town hall news conference where city authorities presented examples of cars not moving properly across intersections, which in effect creates traffic jams.
At the time, the president appealed to travelers for sanity on the road and, among other things, to move faster at traffic lights or not to write text messages while driving.
The subject was somehow taken over by Rzeszów policemen, who from today begin the action "Mobile junctions."
What is it all about?
The aim of the measures is to eliminate the phenomenon of traffic restrictions at intersections by drivers entering them without the possibility to continue driving.
It's a common offence that contributes to exacerbating traffic difficulties and creating traffic jams.
It is punishable by a fine of PLN 300 and two penalty points.
In addition, the uniform will pay attention to non-compliance with light signals or road signs and incorrect parking in the intersection area.
They will also observe a lack of smoothness of driving, late starting from under the signalling devices, slow crossing of intersections and leaving too long distances between vehicles.
At which intersections will the activities be carried out?
Among others, on Lisa-Kuli Street from Jagiellońska Street; Cieplińskiego Avenue from Piłsudskiego Avenue; Targowa Street from Piłsudskiego Avenue; Śreniawitów Square from Dąbrowskiego Street or Hetmańska Street from Powstańców Warszawy Avenue.
This type of action in the capital of Podkarpacie will be conducted on the next Fridays of October.
They inspected a waste disposal company from "Chaika"
"On Friday, officials of the Faculty of Environmental Protection of the Volomino County Starostwo and the District Inspection of Building Supervision inspected an installation in Zielonka Municipality, where waste from the" Czajka "sewage treatment plant in Warsaw is disposed of," informed the spokesman of the Volomino starosta, Karol Szyszko.
Inspectors from the county of Wołomin carried out inspections at the plant located in forests belonging to Zielonka commune.
Private Trade and Transport Plant "Dar-Trans," under an agreement with the capital sewage treatment plant "Czajka," provides sewage waste management services.
"The installation was inspected, and the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his business," Szyszko said.
He added that the post-audit report will be forwarded, among others, to the Provincial Environmental Protection Inspectorate in Warsaw.
The last inspection in "Dar-Transa" was carried out by the Provincial Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw between 29 December 2015 and 11 February 2016.
At the time, it was determined that the company did not perform sampling, measurement and testing of groundwater, and did not have the results of studies of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the "Czajka" sewage treatment plant.
After the inspection of WIOŚ, Dariusz Sobota was called to stop violating the terms of the decision.
Private Trade and Transport Plant "DAR-TRANS" Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies collecting waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the "Czajka" treatment plant.
According to the decision to carry out waste disposal on the site of the excavation, waste weighing up to 60,000 tonnes per year is processed in forests near Zielonka.
The Warsaw Municipal Water Supply and Sewage Company announced last Thursday that at the turn of November and December 2018 STUOŚ was out of operation, which was related to the damage to one of the incinerator's devices.
According to MPWiK, the monthly cost of their exports is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01.01.2019 to 31.08.2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"You have taken on a difficult task, you can count on my total support," Lech Wałęsa said to Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska on Friday.
"Mr. President, these are very important words for me," replied the Civic Coalition candidate for prime minister, leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president stressed that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now "just a fan in retirement."
Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met with former president Lech Wałęsa in his office at the European Solidarity Centre in Gdańsk on Friday.
Walesa's son Jarosław also took part in a short conversation behind closed doors.
"You have taken on a difficult task," Lech Wałęsa said after the meeting.
"You can count on my total support," he added.
"The problems before Poland are known to all of us.
Therefore, it is a great hope that you, as a woman, will cope with these problems, and all of us - those who love Poland - will support your actions as much as possible, "said the former president, addressing Kidawa-Błońska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked for her support.
"Mr. President, for me, those are very important words, because no one like you can talk about freedom, about the Constitution, and knows what that is important," she said.
"Let's show that you can do a different, wise policy, together, but according to the Constitution, according to the law, according to respect for others.
You did your revolution in this way, and we want to change Poland in this way, "emphasised Kidawa-Błońska.
Retired fan
Walesa, in an interview with reporters, said he was now "just a fan in retirement."
"Obviously I'm looking at it.
I hope that we will reverse the course of events, that what was good, proven, (to that) we will return.
The tripartite power is paramount, the constitution is paramount, the courts are indispensable.
And it all needs to be cleaned up, it all needs to be restored to normal operation and that's what I believe we will do this time.
Because if not, we will have a street criterion, "said Lech Wałęsa.
"That is why it is so important for Poles to go to elections, reflect and make a decision on their own.
And this is the most important thing, "added Kidawa-Błońska.
"Last chance that the card will improve the state of affairs as it is in Poland," replied the former president.
'We need to build a foundation again'
Asked about the most important changes that should take place in Poland, Kidawa-Błońska said: "The President said very well.
We need to rebuild the foundation on which we can do all the other things.
If the tripartition of powers does not exist, if the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and let everybody know that otherwise Poland will not move any further. "
Slovenia beat Poland 3-1 in the semifinals.
On hot ground in Ljubljana, Polish volleyball players clashed with Slovenians in the European Championship semi-finals.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussion with the judges, with Polish coach Vital Heynen in the lead role.
The "White and Red" lost 1-3 and will play for the bronze medal.
Senate decided on key bills
The Senate passed without amendments the law on the disclosure of family estates of the most important state officials and on the flights of the most important persons in the state.
52 senators voted in favor of the amendment to the Family Assets of State Officials Act - unamended - 14 were against, three abstained.
Thus, senators decided to reject 12 amendments tabled during Wednesday's debate by Senator PO Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were meant to "civilize" the law and limit the scope of information provided in the statement about the property situation of children of their own, spouse's children, children adapted to cases where children remain in a common household with a person obliged to make a statement.
The Act on the transparency of the assets of families of the most important government officials, whose project was created in the prime minister's office, was passed by the Sejm on 11 September.
The rules stipulate that, among others, the prime minister, ministers, MPs, MEPs, senators, presidents of: the Constitutional Court, the Supreme Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as those at the head of other state institutions, will be required to include information on the personal assets of spouses, children and persons living together in a property statement.
Nor did the Senate propose amendments to the Flight Act of the most important people in the state.
It regulates what flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government aircraft along with the most important people in the state.
The law also specifies who is responsible for keeping the Central Register of Flights.
The bill - unamended - was supported by 55 senators, 12 were against, four abstained.
Under the law, each president's flight will be a flight "performed on an official mission."
On flights, the president will be able to be accompanied by family members and others invited by the president.
On the other hand, a flight in the mission of the official prime minister and Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate will only be a flight "carried out in order to carry out tasks directly related to the function."
The law also specifies a list of people who can accompany the most important people in the state on a flight.
According to the regulations, members of the delegation can be on board the aircraft - invited MPs, senators, representatives of public authorities and experts; people providing technical, medical or organisational services; as well as journalists.
According to the Act, in case of doubts related to the flights of the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate, the head of the KPRM will apply for their explanation.
If such doubts are not clarified in the allotted time, the head of KPRM will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or the Senate about the inability to organize such a flight.
New proxy from the sport
Waldemar Paluch has appointed his attorney for physical culture, sports and tourism.
It was Artur Świątek, long-time president of the AZS PWSTE Jarosław University Club, for the last 4 years director of the Office of the Rector of the University of Jarosław.
photo: Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek has recently been heavily involved in the project of reactivation of basketball in Jarosław.
Artur Świątek is not an anonymous figure in the Yaroslavl sports community.
A graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biala Podlaska since 2002, he has been an instructor at the State Higher Technical and Economic School in Jarosław, and for 15 years he has been the president of the Academy of Physical Education in Biala Podlaska.
Poles, after their first training in Paris, are waiting for their last rival
Polish volleyball players had their first training in Paris on Friday, where they will compete in the bronze medal match on Saturday.
Vital Heynen's charges closed the way to winning the title with a 1-3 defeat to the Slovenians in Ljubljana on Thursday.
There was a lot of talk about their troubles with travelling to this duel.
This time it was without such problems - on Friday morning they went together with the Slovenes on a charter to Paris, and a few hours later they had a training in the famous Bercy hall.
According to the reports of those present at the classes, the world champion trainer was annoyed.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not just to practice volleyball elements.
"We went to the hall but for the most part it was a time for the team.
The idea was to spend it together more than train.
Talk, consider how to rebuild it all as a team, "he reported.
He confirmed the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the training staff.
'We were brutally brought to the ground.
Without any doubt, we are disappointed.
We still believed we would be back for this match yet.
We discussed this match between ourselves on the staff, the coach spoke a lot with the players.
As the two main reasons for the defeat, I would point to inefficiency in attack and much worse than usual dealing with situational balls.
Slovenians were much better than us in this respect, "he analysed.
In his opinion, "White and Red" did not stand in the way of stress, related to the performance against the co-hosts of the tournament, supported by a loud and large audience.
He admitted for the fact that the world champions could have slept a bit the smooth way to the semi-finals.
"Perhaps if we had a similar-style defeat in the group stage, we would have analysed that lesson more quickly and would have played differently later in the tournament.
But it's just a howling, "he stipulated.
Gogol hopes the anger over Thursday's defeat for the Poles can be turned into aggression in the bronze match.
"I hope that we will show our true face then.
There is something to fight for.
Recently we won the ME medal in 2011, "he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city and France is the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
In the group stage, they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, went to Apeldoorn for the first two group stage meetings, and moved to Ljubljana for the semi-final.
Nick Kyrgios: Severe but suspended penalty
The Australian tennis player was given a 16-week ban from competing and fined $25,000 - in a six-month suspension - for reprehensible words, gestures and actions at recent ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour activists are losing patience with Kyrgios but still giving him a chance to improve.
A summary of the misdeeds of the most uncouth professional tennis player of recent years looks threatening - 16 weeks off plus a sizeable fine, but yet both penalties are halted for six months - a trial period in which the gregarious athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24, but he has been ramping up for a long time and has earned a kind of tennis world record - having to pay the highest single financial penalty in the history of the discipline for breaching the rules of behaviour on and next to the court.
Loud curses, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike behavior, insulting the referee and spectators, breaking two rackets during his loss to Karen Khachanov - he paid $113,000 for it all after the ATP Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati in August.
At the 2019 US Open, he didn't play long either, but managed to publicly say that ATP activists "are corrupt," which hurt the organisation's authorities so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and, after a few weeks, gave the aforementioned verdict of suspending starts and another fine.
However, he was forgiven for his words about corruption, having listened to the defendant and learned the context of the speech.
In the justification, however, tennis activists said that the investigation found that Kyrgios' behaviour throughout the past 12 months in many cases raised serious objections and constituted an almost constant violation of the rules, that he continually insulted people associated with tournaments and spectators in a vulgar way, hence the high penalty.
However, the ATP gave him five days to lodge an appeal and immediately adjourned the execution of the verdict, ordering several conditions to be met over the next six months: in ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour tournaments, Kyrgios can no longer in any way violate the rules of the code of conduct of professional tennis players, in particular he can no longer curse, destroy rackets, argue with judges and the public, or any other way behave obscenely and vulgar.
He has also been advised to seek "ongoing support" from mental coaches during tournaments and also in the off-season to consult with people specialising in tackling the problems of athletes not coping with proper behaviour.
Nick Kyrgios' first comment (on social media) on the verdict was: "Hey everybody, I can still play.
I just have to control my behaviour, that's all. '
In practice, the Australian will have at least a two-week break anyway, as he was aggravated by a shoulder injury in the Laver Cup, so he had to give up his next starts in Beijing (September 30-October 6) and Shanghai (October 6-13).
In the ATP rankings, Kyrgios is ranked 27th.
He won two tournaments this year - in Washington and Acapulco, earned more than $1.3 million, so even after the fines, he will have a lot left.
GUS: Life in Poland is getting better
According to the report on household budgets published by GUS on Friday, as many as 44% of them assessed their material situation as good or rather good last year.
A year earlier, that percentage was 37.2%, in 2016 33.5%, and before that - since 2009, when the statistics office first examined subjective assessments of household situations - it had never exceeded 30%.
A total of 8.1% of households considered a bad or rather bad material situation last year, compared to 11.2% a year earlier and more than 20% in 2009.
The best situation is the material situation of households of self-employed workers.
In this group, more than 70% of respondents consider it to be good or rather good.
At the other extreme are renaissance households, where the percentage of such responses was just 18%.
The subjective assessment of the material situation of households is also strongly influenced by the number of children.
Parents raising their offspring alone are the worst, 32% of whom declare a good or rather good material situation.
Among couples with children, the proportion varies (depending on the number of children) from 55% to 60%, and among childless households it is 48.8%.
These statistics clearly show the effect of the 500 + programme.
Before it was launched (in 2016), parents raising their offspring and large families (with at least three children) assessed their worst material situation.
Improving subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles reflects a rapid increase in income, mainly from work.
However, that is not all, because the percentage of households who consider their situation to be good increases faster than real incomes.
Moreover, at the level of voivodships there is no clear relationship between the level of income and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best evaluations are made by the inhabitants of the Opolskie voivodship, where 48.9% of the respondents consider their situation to be good or rather good.
The following regions are Lubuskie (47.7%), Śląskie (47.6%), Mazowieckie (47.3%) and Zachodniopomorskie (47.1%).
Meanwhile, in Opole, disposable income (that is, after paying taxes and contributions) was less than 94% of the national average last year and 98% in Lubusko.
The inhabitants of Mazowiecki (120% of the national average) and Śląskie (104%) had the highest income.
On average, in Poland, disposable income per person amounted to PLN 1,693 in 2018.
In real terms (after adjusting for the impact of price changes), it increased by 4.3% compared to 2017.
Compared to previous years, this result is quite low.
In 2016, per capita income increased by 7% and 6.3% a year later.
Although income growth is slowing, it is also holding back spending growth.
Those per capita amounted to PLN 1187 last year, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7%.
This is the first such case since 2013.
In 2017, per person spending increased by 1.9% in real terms and 4.3% in 2016.
Household budget surveys suggest that the statistical household currently spends 70.1% of its disposable income, while as recently as 2014, that share exceeded 80% and exceeded 90% by 2006.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a transparent blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed show of the "Patrizia Pepe" brand.
Unfortunately, her outfit was not successful.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is married to sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in activities for women, for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she has worked in the public relations industry with companies such as PZU, Red Bull and Bayer.
As a journalist, she worked for TVP1, TVN Style, Wizja Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book "Mom and Dad is Us," in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0 to 3.
She has been involved in a number of projects aimed at providing support for professionally active women.
The actions she manages include "The Network of Entrepreneurial Women," "The Lodge of Business Women," "The Association of Women Congress," and "Make Up Buisness."
In private, she is married to Maciej Kurzajewski - a television presenter and sports journalist.
They have two sons, Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in a closed show of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe."
Natasza Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also took part in the event.
An intimate show could not take place without a wall where the stars boasted about their outfits.
Unfortunately, photojournalists caught the gross error of Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman wore a white bra under a black shirt that shone heavily through her.
US: Three suicides among carrier crew
Three sailors committed suicides aboard the USS George H. W. Bush last week, the U.S. Navy said.
In total, five crew members of that ship have been killed in the past two years.
The previous suicide occurred back in July this year, and earlier in November 2017.
According to CNN, all three sailors shot themselves last week.
Each incident occurred on land when the USS George H. W. Bush moored off the Virginia coast.
So far, the case has excluded the participation of third parties.
In addition, deaths are not to be linked.
'It takes everyone to get involved in putting forward suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to stress that there is no stigma or other repercussions associated with seeking help, "Capt. Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, wrote on Facebook.
Niesiołowski was critical of the pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Lekszycki, Stefan Niesiołowski emphasized that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"Actually, every sentence of it was accepted."
There was later criticism of some of his actions.
"For me, the fact that John Paul II could not liquidate the harmful activity of Rydzyk is a great shadow on his pontificate.
After all, this redemptorist - a pest of the Church and Poland - was developing his media in the best way during the life of the Polish pope ', he explained.
The former politician of the Civic Platform admitted: 'there were murmurs of discontent, the pope said something, once Rydzyk did not accept but he had power and for politicking he could simply throw him out of the Church or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to collect money for the poor there.
However, John Paul II did not do it, so did his successors, "explained Niesiołowski.
"Besides, there was this fatal matter of paedophilia and actions of the Church, or rather their lack.
I ran forward a little, but I wanted to draw attention to the totality of his life.
We have known about the scale of pedophilia in the Church since a relatively recent time.
The question arises how it is possible that John Paul II, being the head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting matters', Niesiołowski says in an interview with a journalist.
In the opinion of the former politician of the Civic Platform, the Polish Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
"It must be admitted that during the Solidarity period the Church was our most important ally.
All the celebrations began with mass, crosses hung everywhere.
Now these crosses are scriptural, they have become a symbol of dictatorship - a sign of the written regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk shake the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing about it and that today the Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which he will pay dearly, "argued Niesiołowski.
"I hope that Pope Francis will chase Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others of this type," he concluded.
HRUBIESSES: Tomorrow, the county's 590th anniversary celebration
There will be gala concerts and auctions.
The jubilee gala will take place in the Hrubieszowski Cultural Centre.
First, at 10 a.m., the Holy Mass will begin in the Church of St. Nicholas.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30am in HDK.
The Hrubieszów Land Song and Dance Ensemble will perform.
Young people from the Stanisław Staszic I LO will present a spectacle entitled "Hrubieszów County: From here my family - here I live."
Then the medals "Meritorious for Hrubieszów County" will be awarded.
At 4 pm, the event will move to the city promenade, where concerts "Hrubieszów charitably for Angelika Zińkiewicz" will take place.
Disco polo bands NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and evening star Mig will play.
There will be auctions, including pen and porcelain of the Prime Minister.
PZPN is sprinting penalties for brothels in stadiums.
Disqualified griffin
The clash within the Polish Cup between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk by a small hair did not end tragically, when fired by fans from Wejherowo turns millimeters past the goalkeeper of the opposing team, Zlatan Alomerović.
After this incident, the match was abandoned for 20 minutes.
The Polish Football Association (PZPN), investigating this case, imposed a severe penalty on Gryf, excluding him from future games.
The club will not be allowed to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020-2021 season.
In addition, fans will not be allowed into their own stadium in the next match.
Nor will they be allowed to leave groups for league matches until December 31.
Burdy at Widzew Łódź Stadium was also sparked by fans of Śląsk Wrocław.
Here, however, the verdict of PZPN was more lenient, because Silesia warned that similar events could occur and sensitized the relevant authorities on this issue.
Nevertheless, the services allowed the sector of the Łódź fans to be thrown with races, the chairs set on fire and the hosts sector to be pushed forward.
This match was stopped for eight minutes and the intervening police had to use a water cannon.
PZPN punished Silesia with a one-time stadium ban in the nearest match in the Polish Cup and prohibited the organization of trips to matches in this and the next edition of the PP.
The travel ban also included Ekstraklasa league matches, however, there will last until December 31.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to replace the signage across the managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie began the implementation of an amendment to the regulation of the Ministry of Infrastructure on, among other things, saving the names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish.
For example, "Lviv" will appear next to "L'viv."
In our province, the changes will be made on 94 road signs set by the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it is to be easier, clearer and simpler.
The new guidelines result from the amendment of the Regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety equipment.
"We should remember that the names of towns in neighbouring countries often also have a Polish sound.
Thanks to the changes we have prepared in the law, they will finally appear on the signposts by our roads.
The introduction of the new marking begins with the Podkarpackie section of the A4 motorway, "said Minister of Infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpacie, the changes will be introduced on 94 road signs set by the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total cost of investment?
200 thousand zlotys.
In the first place, the new signage will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is planned by November 1, 2019.
What is the implementation of the idea supposed to look like?
It will be done without replacing the boards, on the basis of stickers.
They will replace the current names of the localities with new ones written in Polish on the already existing signs.
Both names will be written in one line - first in Polish and then in the original, in parentheses.
This will be a great convenience for people who do not know the spelling of the names of foreign cities in the language of the country in which they are located.
Feel the game together with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announced Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One - the world's first headset for Xbox One powered by haptic technology.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and provides better control over the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in developing advanced haptic technologies that provide a realistic touch-based experience.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and smart digital signal processing to generate high-resolution, real-time tactile feedback, giving you the ability to fully immerse yourself in every game on Xbox One.
The technology recognizes sound signals and transforms them into dynamic vibrations so players can empathise with the gameplay without having to install additional software.
By using the sense of touch, sound signals can accurately mimic in-game action.
Razer HyperSense recreates events - from silent steps to powerful explosions, accurately capturing all activities in the player's surroundings.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One is designed to give all players an extra dimension of gameplay.
With HyperSense, we allow them to immerse themselves completely in their favorite titles, "said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President for Razer peripherals.
The rotating earmuffs are equipped with foam-filled cushions with shape memory and a layer of cooling gel, in order to reduce the heat generated during long use.
For even easier operation of the headphones, a quick mute button is placed on the retractable microphone, and HyperSense's operating intensity regulator and a balance slider between game and chat are placed on the headphones housing.
Self-adapting to the shape of the head, the headband ensures a seamless and accurate fit.
In addition, the Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One features Xbox Wireless, which allows you to connect directly to your console without the need for a wireless transmitting-receiving device, allowing you to set up easily and quickly.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic, providing a more realistic sound.
The Razer Nari Ultimate, originally designed for PC, debuted in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was priced at €219.99.
Someone shot a swan from a windbreaker
In a pond in Zameczno in Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan having problems with its wings.
After catching and visiting the veterinarian, it turned out that someone had arranged a target with the animal - a screw from the windbreaker was found in his body.
"Information about the injured bird was received from villagers by the Wild Animal Rehabilitation Centre in Nowa Sól.
According to the report, the animal had broken wings.
We went to the spot.
It was immediately apparent that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely not to do him any harm and not to expose him to additional stress.
The swan was caught and taken to a veterinarian.
After the first photo of the X-ray, it was known that someone made himself a shooting shield.
There were debris in his body, "says Marcin Walasek, president of Malpol, which manages the rehabilitation centre.
Overwintering in the resort
"The wounds have been cleared, the bird has been given antibiotics, access to water has been provided, a safe place in the resort where it will spend all winter.
We are trying to strengthen it.
He is not able to fly at the moment.
Leaving him out now would mean he would most likely not survive the winter, "adds Walasek.
The staff, after undergoing a swan rehabilitation, intend to release him to the same pond in the spring.
After receiving information about the cause of bad health of the animal, the authorities of Żukowice commune intend to inform the prosecution about the case.
The incident happened in Zameczno
Gowin: 'we must stimulate Polish, small trade'
"Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, it will be necessary to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said deputy prime minister, minister of science and higher education, leader of the Agreement Jarosław Gowin on Friday.
During a talk in "Signals of the Day" on Radio One, Gowin stated that trade is overrun by international networks, which impose such low margins on Polish producers that Polish companies cannot actually develop.
Noting that it is very difficult to fight this problem, the deputy prime minister reminded that the government of the Law and Justice party tried to deal with it at the very beginning of the term of office, but got a 'counter from the EC'.
"We won before the court of justice and I hope that if the United Right wins the next election and formulates the government, we will come back to that topic," he said.
At the same time, he noted that "effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish, and therefore small trade."
"This will have to be considered whether the government, the state has any instruments to boost Polish trade," Gowin said.
In May, an EU court found that the European Commission had made a mistake in finding that the Polish retail tax was an unauthorised public aid.
The Retail Sales Tax Act provided for the introduction of two rates of tax on trade: 0.8% on revenue between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4% on revenue over PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was supposed to be in place from September 2016.
In September 2016, the European Commission opened an infringement proceeding against Poland.
Brussels then argued that the design of the tax could favour smaller shops, which could be considered public aid.
It then found that the tribute had been put into effect in an unlawful manner.
It also issued an order suspending the use of the tax until officials in Brussels complete its analysis.
Poland did not agree with this position, but the tax collection was suspended.
An EU court decision in May opened the way for the tax to be reintroduced, but it did not end the case.
On 24 July, the Commission lodged an appeal with the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the press service of the CJEU told PAP that the case is currently at a written stage, in which both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
It is not yet known whether or when the oral procedure will start, i.e. hearing the parties and a possible hearing.
It takes a good few to a dozen months from filing an appeal until the verdict is announced.
"Such proceedings take an average of one year," a source told PAP at the Tribunal in Luxembourg.
How to dress a child for baptism?
We are putting forward some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of the infant and his parents.
It is often the first occasion on which the whole family focuses around the child, together celebrating his appearance in the world.
No wonder, then, that the newly minted mum and dad want their comfort to look their best on the day.
However, before you make a final decision about your child's outfit, consider whether it will also be comfortable.
In the shops you can find many outfit sets that do not provide the toddler with proper comfort.
So what should you pay attention to?
The basic criterion for choosing clothes for baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, several weeks of toddlers were baptized, tuned into white sets and put into the same becaques or great spirits.
Today, children who receive the sacrament are often older: a few months old, one year old and even bigger.
It is not difficult to guess that such a big consolation needs a slightly different clothes for baptism.
Therefore, if your child is 3-4 months old on the day of baptism, he will probably spend the ceremony in a stroller or in the hands of his parents or godparents.
The best solution will therefore be to decorate it with comfortable cotton sleeping bags or sets.
Although this piece of clothing is considered a everyday outfit, it is enough to search for its festive variants, for example with a ruffle or lace.
For the boy, the perfect body will turn out to be printed with a fly and braces.
In the case of older children, you can afford a bigger fantasy in clothing.
The girl will look lovely in a simple tulle dress
Many parents of girls look longingly towards richly embellished, ruffled christening dresses complete with planes, wristbands and hats.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-breathable materials in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In search of the right clothing, it will be better to look at the Asanti for Kids store, which offers elegant outfits on cotton lining.
Delicate, tulle skirts, satin dresses, lace, apps and adorable sets will make your baby girl look gorgeous and feel comfortable.
Perfect dress for a little gentleman: cotton suit
Until recently, there was a fashion among parents of boys for suits that were a copy of "adult" models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, stiff collars or coughs often made young elegants loudly demonstrate their displeasure.
Today, thankfully, they have been displaced by comfortable, cotton sets.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for Kids, which is soft, tracksuit shorts, plus a blouse emblazoned at the front like a vest.
These costumes look extremely festive, and at the same time do not restrict the movements of the world-knowing toddler.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published a property statement
Krystyna Pawłowicz made a property statement at the end of her term of office.
It shows that the MP of the Law and Justice party has accumulated 110,000 zlotys in savings.
Let's remind that Pawłowicz announced her departure from politics.
At the end of his term of office, he has the amount of 110 thousand zlotys
According to a statement made by the MP, she is collecting a pension of a monthly value of PLN 4.7 thousand.
Pawłowicz has a flat worth 570 thousand zlotys and a slightly smaller one, which he rents, charging 880 zlotys a month.
The MP also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at PLN 150,000.
Earlier, Jarosław Kaczyński also published a property statement.
Vote on recess in time for Conservative Party conference
UK MPs voted against a three-day Commons recess in time for the Conservative Party's annual programme conference, as requested by the government.
289 MPs voted in favour, 306 against.
It is customary for the House of Commons not to hold party conferences so that MPs do not have to resign from either attending them or sitting in parliament.
However, opposition parties felt that at such a crucial time as the final weeks before Britain's scheduled departure from the European Union on October 31, parliament should not interrupt the deliberations.
The government's motion for a recess was supported by 289 MPs, with 306 against.
Two opposition parties after the conventions
The disagreement over the recess could be seen as a political revenge by the opposition on Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend Parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday, the decision was declared unlawful and non-existent by the Supreme Court) and for not wanting to apologise for it after the judges "ruling.
Following that ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday. The most important event of the day was Mr Johnson's speech and the ensuing tumultuous debate.
Mr Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding an early election.
'It's time to deliver Brexit.
It must be implemented in order to respect the result of the referendum.
Brexit must come so that we can address the deal on citizens' priorities, on health care, on the cost of living.
Brexit needs to be delivered so we can bring this country together, "Mr Johnson said.
The Conservative Party conference is due to begin in Manchester next Sunday and run until Wednesday 2 October.
Conferences between the two main opposition groups - Labour and the Liberal Democrats - have already taken place.
One of the justifications Johnson gave in explaining such a long suspension of parliament was just party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
"President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders," write foreign media.
A spokesman for the president strongly denied those reports.
"That's just not true," Blazej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
Israeli media, including "Haaretz" and "Jerusalem Post," citing the "Jewish Insider," write that Andrzej Duda during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora at the Polish Consulate in New York declared that Israel was to blame for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said the rise in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland was a reaction to anti-Polish rhetoric by Israeli leaders.
He referred to the words of Israeli Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who stated in February that "Poles have sent out anti-Semitism with the milk of mothers."
Andrzej Duda said he regretted that Israel had not apologized for the humiliating statements of its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression against the Polish ambassador to Israel Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by an attacker who shouted: "Pole, Pole."
"The quote is not only inaccurate.
This is simply not true, "Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
He stressed that Duda "never said Israel was responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
According to Spychalski, the portal "invented it."
According to the "JI" interlocutors, there was also a dispute during the meeting between the Holocaust survivor, awarded the Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland Edward Mosberg and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg was expected to agree with President Duda's words and say it was Jews from Israel "like Israel Kac" who were responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to sources, Boteach was to interrupt Mosberg's statement.
Who is Banas and what is he at fault?
The tenement rented by the basements led the journalist to discover negligence in Marian Banasia's property statements.
We take stock of another scandal that has rocked the ruling camp.
The journalists of "Superwizjera" TVN revealed that Marian Banaś, the president of the Supreme Chamber of Control, has not included in the property statement of the 400-metre tenement house, which is located in Krakow's Podgórze.
Moreover, his subtenant was to run a sex business in the aforementioned tenement house (and therefore rent rooms for hours).
The building itself, on the other hand, has allegedly been safeguarding the loan repayment since 2016.
Bertold Kittel pointed out the irregularities in the "Supervisor" program.
The journalist revealed that from Banasia, the townhouse was rented by people linked to the criminal world to use it as a place of "erotic encounters."
The clients were men using the services of prostitutes.
Banas responded vaguely and vaguely to the allegations.
Interestingly, the tenement rented by the basements led the journalist to discover negligence in Banasia's property statements.
The house itself was described in vague terms, and the income from renting it was to be underestimated.
"The property of Marian Banasia and his wife can be worth 6 to 8 million zlotys.
In total, spouses can boast of two houses, three apartments, savings [...], "writes Money.pl.
According to the analysis of the portal, the Banasia tenement house itself was worth about PLN 3 million.
The Central Anti-Corruption Bureau is currently conducting an inspection of Marian Banasia's property statements for 2015-2019.
Banas announced that he would suspend his activities at the Supreme Chamber of Commerce by the time it was completed.
The opposition demands clarification.
"We do not hear the CBA expand its investigation or expedite the examination of Marian Banasia's property statements.
Therefore, we are forced to torment the organs of the state and submit a notification about the possibility of committing a crime [...], "said Mariusz Witczak, MP of PO-KO.
"If a normal Pole so grossly low priced renting his properties, he would already have 10 checks, a tax filing and criminal-fiscal proceedings," he added.
He went high, fell low
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Chamber of Control.
He was appointed to the position on August 30, 2019, for a 6-year term.
His candidacy was put forward by Law and Justice and voted by the party's politicians.
Prior to that Banas was associated with the Supreme Chamber of Control in 1992-2005, he worked in this institution as a collaborator of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first governments of the Law and Justice party (2005-2008) Banas was the President of the Customs Service and also the Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Finance.
He has again sat on the stool of the head of the Customs Service since 2015, and managed the National Revenue Administration since 2017.
Banas served as finance minister in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki for three months.
Cooler Master launches graphics card holder
Graphics cards can currently weigh a lot, and that naturally makes way for a category of products that it would be vain to look for on store shelves as recently as a decade ago.
This solution - the holder for the ELV8 RGB graphics card - was presented by the Cooler Master.
The new holder model for the graphics card is not only a functional solution allowing for more reliable maintenance of the graphics card without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-express slot.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task - decorative.
"Rzeczpospolita": Ignoring a cop's order will be punished
According to the newspaper, the disregard for a specific behaviour order issued by a police officer is to be a new type of offence, punishable by a fine, arrest or restriction of freedom.
Police trade unionists want to make such a change.
The idea went to the Sejm Committee on Petitions.
"The case is serious, because already every year more than half a million misdemeanor cases go to Polish courts," we read.
The "Republic" has determined that the petition that the Independent Police Trade Union writes to MPs on amending the misdemeanour code has a chance of succeeding.
The authors of the petition propose a new wording of Article 54a of the Code of Misdemeanours.
It would read: "Whoever does not comply with a request or order of a public official, issued within the limits and under the provisions of the Act, shall be punished with custody, a fine or a restriction of freedom."
"Paragraph 3 of this provision speaks of an identical punishment for those who fail to carry out orders, prevent or impede the performance of a business activity," the Journal says.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told Rzeczpospolita that despite agreeing with the main message of the proposal, he fears that if implemented, it could be used in political matters of manifestations.
"In situations of freedom demonstrations, it would be disadvantageous and instead of mitigating the situation, it would even exacerbate it," he adds.
Statistics provided by the newspaper show that 86% of citizens rated police interventions positively in 2018 and that 1.5 million interventions are made on the city each month by services.
Buras worries about Europe
Jáchym Topol writing has in his blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators, writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important post-war Czech playwrights, today mentioned in one row with Václav Havel.
So there was a curse of talent hanging over Jáchym from the beginning, which he is trying to exploit.
After eight years, he returned with "Sensitive Man."
The protagonists are Buras and Soňa along with their two sons, who do not form a typical Czech family.
They're wandering actors, they travel around Europe.
He's a Shakespeare lover and thief, she's a one-eyed translator who doesn't part with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys hadn't made a sound of himself since birth, and for the other, time stopped during infancy.
But it is not the heroes who are the most important in this story.
All of them are only a background for observing a world in which there is no longer any place for artistic nomads.
It's a world of clogged province, a society of old, suspicious people and promiscuous youth.
"Sensitive Man" turns into an absurd theatrical play in places.
The narrative mimics didaskalia, and the characters "conversations create this world.
The scene is a Europe full of worries about its future, but also constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancels 105 flights due to Thomas Cook bankruptcy
Although the British travel agency Thomas Cook has collapsed, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann operates.
However, the company has problems.
According to VRT, Brussels Airlines announced it would cancel 105 flights in October due to Thomas Cook's bankruptcy problems.
Neckermann also laid off 75 employees.
All trips with an office that have been booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but holidaymakers will be able to receive a refund.
The Ghent court also declared the bankruptcy of three Belgian daughter companies: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, around 12,000 Belgians are abroad on trips bought at Thomas Cook.
Another 40,000 people were expected to leave with the office by the end of the year.
As recently as Monday, Thomas Cook Belgium spokeswoman Leen Segers said the company was now "fully operational" despite the British parent company declaring bankruptcy, which has caused concern among employees and customers.
The office then reassured that customers who had bought trips in it would go on holiday.
Thomas Cook - the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies in the world - declared bankruptcy on the night of Sunday to Monday.
The immediate cause of the bankruptcy was the collapse of last-chance talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
Creditors demanded that, in addition to the £900m rescue plan already agreed in August, the company win an additional 200m as collateral for the winter period, when travel agents usually have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems have grown for several years, resulting in a debt of up to £1.6bn.
Michał Kubiak after the match against Slovenia (1-3).
"I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
It was us who played very poorly.
This tournament is not over for us yet, "Polish volleyball captain Michał Kubiak said after losing to Slovenia 1-3 in the semi-finals of the European Championships.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for an opinion
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion - such an unusual offer was prepared for the newcomers of the German Görlitz.
The measures are intended to help combat the continuing decline in the city's population.
Görlitz is the easternmost city in Germany.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140,000 tourists a year.
However, according to The Guardian, the city is struggling with significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with a steady decline in the number of residents.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them left for the west of the country, which translated into a 25% drop in the city's population.
As of 2013, it had a population of 54,000 people.
In a bid to combat the depopulation, officials came up with the idea to start offering free monthly accommodation in the city.
So far, 150 applications have been received into the programme.
Two-thirds of them were made up by residents of big cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom were also interested in the programme.
"When we applied, we thought the program was going to convince people to move to Görlitz," said one project participant.
"Now we feel like it doesn't matter if we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has seven thousand vacant housing units and unemployment is three times higher than the national average.
Although the city authorities hope some will move permanently, the main goal of the program is to get feedback from participants in the program.
Information gathered from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revive smaller German cities.
"We want to know more about what people need, and if they decide to move - what their motivation was," said Robert Knippschild, responsible for the program.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents, offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals to live and work in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy, or in the American Tulsa, Oklahoma.
