Father Joseph Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He is a charismatic.
For the mass he celebrated, he celebrated. for release and healing draw crowds.
He was a dozen years old when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, through the Franciscan, others experience it.
At the Mass celebrated by Fr. Witko. for release and healing draw crowds
Once, the parents of a 7-month-old child came to him, who had a hole in his heart the size of 7.5 mm.
It was supposed to be operated on.
Father Joseph Witko prayed over him.
Later that day, the boy was taken to hospital for surgery.
Astonished doctors said, "Surgery is not needed, the loss is only 1.5 mm."
My parents cried with happiness.
After another prayer, the Franciscan hole disappeared completely.
The clergyman began to experience the extraordinary actions of the Creator as a teenager.
In his dreams, purgatory souls came to him asking for help.
I was awakened at night and urged to pray for the dead and those who were dying at the moment," he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what was happening to a man who commits mortal sin.
"My body began to change.
I lost my human characteristics and started to take on the appearance of an animal," he says.
The invisible force lifted him up, he could not get his voice out of himself.
He felt he was lost.
Then God pointed to his rescue.
"Immersed in the waters of the river symbolizing baptism, I was freed and returned to the human form...", he says.
He didn't tell anyone about these strange experiences.
His vocation matured.
He was 16 when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons, he wanted not only to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience Him alive.
Members of the charismatic community of Renewal in the Holy Spirit
Witko's masses are attended by many people who are counting on getting rid of the disease.
The clergyman emphasizes, however, that their main purpose is spiritual healing, not bodily healing.
First defeat of Kolping FRAC Yaroslavl
Today (September 26th) in the afternoon, the Frac Kolping team deservedly succumbed at home to the current Polish champion Dartom Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki in the 3rd. LOTTO Table Tennis Superleague.
Yaroslavl in such a personal statement, which they presented with the bulkheads, have a slim chance of winning with the sovereigns of the league.
This was clearly demonstrated by the duel with Dartom Bogoria.
The team is still missing, called the leader of the team, Chen Jingqi.
Perhaps with him in the composition of the Yaroslavl would reach for a third consecutive triumph in the new season.
Young Asian Qiyao Han probably hasn't grown up to win with the likes of Greek Panagiotis Gionis and Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most promising Poles, marek Badowski.
The player from Hellada was the biggest star of the duel in the MOSiR hall at ul. Sikorski in Yaroslavl.
Against both Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei, he was a class for himself.
After three duels, Kolping FRAC led 2-1.
Kou Lei probably played Marek Badowski, and Daniel Górak after a thrilling five-set battle - Pavl Siruck.
But then it got worse.
Gionis did not give Leia a chance.
One could still hope to win by two points, but Qiyao Han did not meet Badowski.
There will be no additional research for seniors.
Why?
As announced by Rafał Trzaskowski, a program of free preventive examinations for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it has not received the approval of the Ministry of Health and its subordinate Agency for the Protection of Medical Technologies and Tarification.
In the explanatory memorandum, the agency explained that the target group had been poorly chosen.
"The above actions may even result in the detection of individual disease units, which may contribute to aggravating difficulties in accessing NFZ services and negatively affecting the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with false positive test results," they wrote.
The decision of the ministry does not understand the president of the capital.
"The money is ours, we have foreseen the money for it.
Only the government is afraid that if people get tested, then later they will go to the doctor, which is absurd, because it is precisely about bringing about a situation where prevention can be done more quickly.
All specialists know that this helps when it comes to the burden on the health system, because it helps in the rapid detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand," said Rafał Trzaskowski.
"It is difficult for me to imagine that experts say, Let's not be afraid, because there will be longer queues with a doctor, and if such specialists advise the government, Then I am not surprised that there is a health service in this state," added the OP politician.
Palestine responds to Israel: We will break all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas announced at a session of the UN General Assembly on Thursday that he would tear up any agreements reached with Israel if the country's future government tries to fulfill Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement of an annexation of occupied Palestinian lands.
"If the future Israeli government that will be created proceeds to implement this plan, we will nullify all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made," he said.
"We will reject the whole plan completely and completely," Abbas insisted.
"It is our duty to defend all our rights by all possible means – not important what the consequences will be – by fully engaging in the application of international law and the fight against terrorism," declared the President of the Palestinian Authority, who has already made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, the former Prime Minister of Israel, was once again given the mission of forming a government after the 17th elections.
A week before the elections, he announced that if he won it, he would announce the annexation of the Jordan Valley and intend to include all Jewish settlements throughout the West Bank in Israel.
In the early 1990s, Israel and the Palestinians, led by Jaser Arafat at the time, signed a series of peace agreements that were patronized by the United States.
The 84-year-old Abbas also promised to hold a general election on Palestinian soil during the UN General Assembly session.
The last one took place in 2006.
"When I return home, I will convene local elections in the West Bank, Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem, and all those who oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community," declared the Palestinian President solemnly.
In his speech, Abbas also defended the rights of Palestine, regarded as a permanent observer at the UN, to exercise the powers of "full members of the UN and all its bodies and institutions."
The Palestinian leader concluded the speech by calling on the international community to "force Israel to comply with all the provisions of the United Nations."
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas' speech, declaring that the Palestinian leader "prefers to focus at the United Nations on the Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel rather than fighting against calls for terrorism under his leadership."
Danon, according to the agencies, did not refer, however, to Netanyahu's announced annexation of occupied Palestinian lands.
Rescuers want defibrillators at critical points of Przemyśl
History from the border crossing shows that an automatic AED defibrillator can save lives.
The Regional Ambulance Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be located in sensitive points in the city.
For their attitude, the officers received congratulatory diplomas from the Regional Ambulance Station in Przemyśl.
Trainee Daniel Cyrnek, senior trainee Grzegorz Bal and Commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Podkarpackie Tax Customs Office in Przemyśl.
On August 28, they served at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medica. A Customs and Revenue Service officer noticed a man lying unconscious in a pedestrian zone.
A Chinese activist died in custody as a result of torture.
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Constitution
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, called the Communist Party secretary from her home village on September 23 to announce that her husband had just died in a military hospital in Hengyang.
What was the cause of death – he did not reveal.
In the morgue Cao saw her husband's body massacred, unrecognizable.
"His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were all in his blood," the woman says.
"They wouldn't let me take my cell with me, and there were a lot of police officers around me who didn't get close to Wang."
Police pressed her to sign a statement saying her husband was seriously ill and died from an "unfortunate accident."
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million in funding will go to companies from the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
The National Center for Research and Development announced on Friday the results of the 3rd edition of the GameINN program.
Among the nearly 30 projects supported by NCBR were m.in. developing a platform for creating field games based on an AR game engine that creates a map of the real world together with an application that allows users to transfer data; a test and training platform for the verification of practical skills at the workplace and professional development using VR and AI technologies; an innovative game simulating real-world process management using an innovative gameplay model based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the concept of industry 4.0 – stated in the NCBR message sent on Friday PAP.
The aim of the GameINN sectoral program is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish video game industry on the global market with a view to 2023.
According to NCBR, the Polish video game sector is already growing at a rate of 10% per year.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 was PLN 1.85 billion, and the forecast for 2019 is 2.23 billion.
"The specially prepared GameINN research agenda and the support for entrepreneurs already reaching PLN 300 million under this sectoral programme represent an important impetus for the further dynamic growth of The Polish gamedev," the communication reads.
The video game industry is an excellent example of the effective use of the potential we have in Poland.
"The government's incentives for innovation-driven entrepreneurs, such as R&amp;D relief, competence improvement programmes, IP box and support programmes implemented by NCBR, drive the innovative activities of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a highly competitive market," says Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the communication.
The head of the science department points out that money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of project funding, but also stays in their pockets – three-quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from the R&amp;D relief in 2018 than the year before.
"The deducted costs for R&amp;D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in more than PLN 300 million in savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is the equivalent of the support provided by NCBR in the three editions of GameINN", stresses the Deputy Prime Minister.
Director of NCBR Dr. Ind. Wojciech Kamieniecki points out that in the two previous competitions, grants totalling over PLN 211.2 million were awarded to 78 innovative projects.
The huge interest in the 3rd competition and the variety of applications submitted show that the video game industry has ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
"It is particularly pleasing that the selected projects – as in previous editions – include projects for solutions not only for entertainment, but also related to industry 4.0,"he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding of up to PLN 20 million.
The NCBR received 87 applications for a total grant amount of approximately EUR 100 million. 317 million PLN.
The budget of the competition at the time of the announcement of the competition was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects were awarded almost PLN 105 million in funding.
Detailed information about the results of the GameINN 3rd competition is available on the ncbr.gov.pl website.
The GameINN sectoral programme is implemented under the Intelligent Development Operational Programme.
NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to the initiative of entrepreneurs associated in the Polish Games Agreement, which includes m.in. companies such as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga pleaded guilty to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident occurred on September 16.
Dolberg, who arrived from Ajax Amsterdam to Nice at the end of August, realized after training that his watch had disappeared from the locker room.
Not just any, because it's worth 70,000 euros.
The furious Dane did not show up in class the next day, explaining his stomach problems.
The case was puzzling from the beginning.
Players in the changing room have private safes at their disposal and the club area is monitored.
According to the AFP agency, Diaby-Fadiga eventually confessed to the theft.
The 18-year-old has already apologised to Dolberg and other team-mates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised the Dane to return the money for the watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most forward-looking footballers of the young generation in France.
He joined Nice as a 13-year-old to make his first-team debut three years later.
He has appeared in seven games this season.
He recently signed a professional contract, but as reported by L'Equipe newspaper, the club is likely to terminate him with immediate effect.
For now, he has initiated disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, refuses to comment on the matter.
Make sure you wash your hands well
We all know that they need to be washed (e.g. when they come home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you need to do it in the right way.
This is especially important now that autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
And yet most of us wash them shorter!
Enough warm water and ordinary soap – it is not true that it must be antibacterial (many doctors even advise against them).
Washing, we rub not only the bottoms and tops of the hand, but also: the tips of the fingers (joined or singularly) – rub them with circular movements against the inside of the other hand, spaces between the fingers (interwoven hands, rubbing your fingers against each other), thumbs – each thumb we cover the other hand and in such an embrace we twist it a moment to the right and left.
In an emergency (when you can not wash your hands) we should wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief, and then use antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from 5 zł).
After using the public toilet, do not touch the handles or doors washed with your hands (recommendation of the Chief Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them through a paper towel.
Iran's president says he has rejected suggestion of talks with US, Donald Trump denies
Tehran has not entered into talks with the American side at the UN General Assembly in New York, despite the American bid to lift sanctions, Iranian President Hasan Rowhani said on Friday.
US President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side that asked for the restrictions to be lifted, to which he disagreed.
According to Iranian President Hasan Rowhani, the Americans have proposed lifting all sanctions imposed on Tehran in exchange for negotiations on a new international agreement.
It would regulate both Iran's nuclear programme and its ballistic missile programme.
Rowhani: Iran will not engage in talks in an atmosphere of maximum pressure
The Iranian president said he refused to enter into these talks because of the "toxic atmosphere."
He said he had met with American diplomats because he had succumbed to the advances of France, Germany and The United Kingdom.
However, he stressed that Iran would not engage in talks in an atmosphere of "maximum pressure."
"And even if we want to negotiate with americans in 5+1 format, no one can predict what the end result will be," Rowhani said.
A day earlier, the Iranian leader said he would not rule out talks with the US, and the European parties to the nuclear deal accused us of favoring US sanctions on Iran.
He added that sanctions imposed on Iran after the US withdrawal from the nuclear agreement "are a precondition that does not allow" dialogue to be established.
"If we can lift this precondition, and if America lifts sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America," he declared.
He added that he did not rule out meeting with US President Donald Trump, even though he refused to hold such a conversation last week at the UN General Assembly.
Trump: "Iran begged, I said no"
Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that he had rejected the Iranian side's request.
"Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them so that we could meet.
Of course, I said no," the US President tweeted.
Tension with the nuclear agreement in the background
France, Germany and the United Kingdom are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran in order to save the 2015 Iran deal, to which they were signatories, in some form.
It stipulated that, in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions, Iran would abandon its nuclear weapons programme and the nuclear sector would be put under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the US withdrawal from the agreement in May 2015, the other signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in force.
For now, none of this has worked out.
Washington is using the tactic of putting maximum pressure on Iran, and sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran has announced that if it does not receive a permit to export the raw material, it will limit its obligations under the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESZÓW: Cabaret near Wyrwigrosz
We have tickets for you!
Cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will perform on October 6 at 10:00 a.m. 16 at the Hrubieszow House of Culture. in Hrubieszów.
Cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will present a program entitled "Tra ta ta ta".
They will m.in. talk about jump drinks and torun geothermal.
Tickets are £60 each, they can be purchased at HDK, as well as on the biletowakasa.pl website.
For TZ readers we have free tickets.
How to get them, check out our Facebook profile.
The judge of the Regional Administrative Court in Warsaw and the husband of hejterka Emilia, who, according to her words and screenshots from WhatsApp, participated in stalking against the judges, was on Wednesday reinstated to the nsa ruling.
The reason: no disciplinary proceedings have been initiated against him, so there is no reason to uphold the order of the President of the WSA Wojciech Mazur to oust him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, disciplinary spokesman at the NSA, opened an investigation into Szmydt at the end of August, but it has not yet turned into proceedings against him.
Although the NSA, which acts as a disciplinary court in such cases, it must address the decision of the President of the WSA within one month of its release.
In this situation, the judge who publicly spoke about his wife's mental problems in order to discredit her, who, due to suspicions of participation in the Heyter group, was removed from the KRS office, will return to adjudicate and issue judgments on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his involvement in the heyter group.
He claims that there is no evidence of this except for the falsified screenshots and words of his wife, with whom he divorces.
Exactly the same is said by the other judges associated with "Caste": they are all innocent, there is no evidence.
And it's quite possible that they bet on their own.
Because the prosecutor's office did not nod to secure the evidence from their electronic media, it also remains silent about the contents of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which stopped the phone in June in another case.
The police did not nod to secure the devices of the people they had identified as persecuting persons, judge Waldemar Żurek.
There is no evidence – there is no Smydt case, there is no case of "Caste".
There is also no matter that nik boss Marian Banas is not involved in renting the townhouse to suteners and hiding income.
CBA checks its declarations of assets.
And he will check when he will check.
And the Committee on Parliamentary Ethics will not take care of Banasiem, because the Sejm is suspended (but the State Audit Committee somehow came together to take a bizarre decision to dismiss Banasia's deputies and appoint him as acting lawyer, although the law of such a bizarre combination does not provide).
The whole thing reminds me of a movie novel, an American, probably, about how the wife comes home and finds her husband with his mistress in bed.
She is so amazed and devastated that she can't make a word.
He stands in the door speech, and at this time the lover quickly jumps out of bed, dresses and leaves.
And the husband made a bed.
When the wife regains her voice and yells, what is it supposed to be?
Who is this woman?
The husband calmly asks: what woman, darling?
Only that in the case of "Caste" or Banasia it is a parody of the state.
And it's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Signing a contract with the statutory auditor for the audit of the financial statements for the years 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S.A. announces that on September 27, 2019, it signed an agreement with Premium Audit Company z o.o. with its registered office in Poznań at Czartoria 1/1 street, entered under the number KRS 0000540136 in the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court of Poznań – Nowy Miasto and Wilda in Poznań, VIII Commercial Division of the National Court Register, entered in the list of entities authorized to audit financial statements under the number 3992.
The subject of the contract is the examination of the financial statements of Maxipizza S.A. for the following financial years: a. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, c. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in the high jump final
Earlier this season, she returned to competition after a maternity break, a bronze medalist at the 2017 World Championships in London, defeated 1.85 and 1.89 and 1.92 in the second attempt.
1.94 managed to get it only in the third approach.
"I'm glad.
I showed that I can fight, because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I will have to jump better technically,"" Lićwinko admitted to eurosport in front of the eurosport camera.
American Vashti Cunningham and Belarusian Karyna Demidik were the best in the qualifiers – 1.94 each.
Both contestants were the only ones not to knock down any height.
The women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
Starts at 11:00 a.m. 7:30 p.m. PDT.
Kornel Morawiecki is in hospital in a serious condition
He was taken to hospital and doctors described his condition as severe.
It must be added that he is conscious and conscious.
"We believe he will come out of this, that he will win again.
We all pray that he will recover," said an anonymous close friend of Kornel Morawiecki in an interview with "Super Express" journalists.
In the upcoming elections, the prime minister's father is running for senate.
"I am kept alive by my immediate family and politicians," kornel Morawiecki said in an interview he gave to "Super Express" journalists two weeks ago.
In January, "Super Express" reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki was sent for tests to the Military Hospital in Wrocław.
"I had strange, disturbing symptoms and i reported myself to the hospital.
It came out that I have jaundice.
But the worst was in front of me.
When the CT scan was performed, it was found that I had pancreatic cancer...", the Prime Minister's father said.
A few days later, kornel Morawiecki underwent major surgery at the MSWiA hospital in Warsaw.
As Morawiecki recounted, President Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain, Father Zbigniew Kras, to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and was successful.
"I know that many people prayed for me, for which I thank you very much.
Fortunately, I don't have metastases.
I don't know yet if I'm going to undergo chemotherapy.
I put myself in the hands of specialist doctors who are rather of good cheer.
For now, after this heavy operation, I have to return to some state of use.
I hope that everything will be fine", kornel Morawiecki pointed out in January in an interview with "SE".
"If I had examined too late, the situation would have been tragic and I would have said goodbye to it already...", he added.
Krakow: 14-year-old missing
Officers from the Municipal Police Headquarters in Krakow are searching for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosy.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact us.
She went missing on the evening of September 26 and has not yet returned or made contact with loved ones.
She was last seen at ul. Old Guest house in Krakow.
Nel Stokłosa is 14 years old, 167 cm tall, has blond hair and gray-blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was dressed in a sweatshirt, grey pants and shoes.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact police on 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The power of Oława jumps.
The title of the coverage of the amateur sports competition, held on Sunday afternoon, September 15, on the hippodrome on Oleandry Street in Oława, can be confusing for some.
The road to real power is far away, but this is what one of the types of horse competition is called ...
The competition of the power of jumping consists in overcoming the rider and the horse with ever higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed up to two meters.
It is worth noting here that the long and still unbeaten world record, set as recently as 1949 by Chilean Albert Larraguibel, on the horse "Huaso", is 247 cm.
So high in Oława, of course, no one jumped, but the result of the best local amazons at the level of 135 cm also among the worst is not ...
The competition organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other activists JKS "In the saddle", formed a demonstration part of the slightly earlier "Rainbow equestrian competitions", which we write more about in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight amazons, who train equestrianism in Oława JKS, joined the competition.
Four competed on squats and four on big horses.
In the first group the best was Nikola Szołdra, who got a crazy "Sprinter".
This small but dynamic steed began by overcoming obstacles spread at a height of 40 cm, and ended up only at the station with the upper beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he easily did not give up and only after three consecutive refusals was removed from further competition by the jury.
Second place in pony jumping was taken by Amelia Pawlak, who took "Famy" and lena Boruń third on "Harmidera".
Ambitiously fought the youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, galloping and jumping over obstacles on a small mare "Carmen".
Even more excitement accompanied amazon starters and spectators during a competition with the participation of large horses.
Paulina Shewczyk, who joined the Declaration, and Anastasia Abramenko, who was riding "Lotka", were among the dangerous-looking falls.
Fortunately, apart from minor bruises, neither amazons nor horses did anything wrong, so they continued to participate in the competition.
A lot of problems with introducing the young mare "Wineta" on the parkr had veronica Łuczkiewicz.
You needed either the assistant of the trainer or another horse to the couple, behind which a little crazy "Wineta".
After passing the obstacle from the park, she also descended full of cwał, so at times in the boxes and on the expansion was dangerous. "Everything is under control!", reassured Jan Sienkiewicz a little frightened spectators, especially the youngest ones.
Since the beginning of the competition of large horses, Marta Masalska, who has been enjoying the "Whisky" was a great performer.
This distinguished mare, in tandem with an experienced amazon, after the second approach in the final stage, was the first to jump 135 cm and this was the best result at this point.
After a while, however, the same height was also counted by Paulina Shewczyk on the "Declaration", Weronika Łuczkiewicz on "Winecie" and Anastasia Abramenko on "Lotka".
To decorate flo and to receive prizes in kind in the form of equestrian equipment went so all these riders together, and finally together with amazons on ponies in the tact of radecki march made an impressive round of honor, ending it with these interesting and exciting competitions.
Thanks
Equestrian Sports Club "In The Saddle" thanks the sponsors of the jump power competition during the XVI "Rainbow Equestrian Competitions": the Municipal Office in Oława, the Water and Sewerage Plant in Oława, the District Old Town and the company "Mustang".
Max Kolonko cuts off from KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko
KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko is the name of the electoral committee under which the political formation of the #R Revolution of Mariusz Max Kolonka was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution directed its proposal, especially to young voters with right-wing views.
Before the elections, Kolonko announced cooperation with Marek Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions took place, and max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution itself did not even manage to collect enough signatures to list in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko announced on Twitter that he has ended his cooperation with KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko.
"I will expect the above mentioned KWW to delete my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to link my person to the above mentioned entity," he added, and announced that he would provide more information shortly.
It is not yet known whether the journalist will continue his action, or whether this is the end of the formation #R Revolution.
On July 4, american Independence Day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko, who was in the U.S., announced the formation of a new political formation , #R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko became famous for running the YouTube channel Max TV, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
"We're fed up with politicians, enough of your stupid games, enough of your amateur governments.
It is time for the authorities in the state to embrace the Nation and rule for the good of the Nation," Kolonko said at the time.
There are m.in in the party's agenda. issues relating to the judiciary (should be elected by universal suffrage), tax changes (tax-free quota equalisation for all), war reparations (in the form of military assistance to nato's eastern flank countries, with a particular focus on Poland), holding a referendum on arms, limiting the number of Members or introducing single-seat constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of the formation of a new political formation, Mariusz Max Kolonko joined the talks with Marek Jakubiak.
In late July, Kolonko posted on his social media profile that #R would join forces with the Kukiz'15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions ultimately occurred.
UBS: Gold close to equilibrium point
"The euro will remain around the ceiling of PLN 4.35 in the coming months, accompanied by a weak global market situation," announces Michael Bolliger of UBS Wealth Management.
"Expectations of maintaining a solid pace of economic growth and a stable monetary policy speak in favour of stabilising the gold price at the current ceiling," the specialist said in an interview with Bankier.pl.
In his view, despite clear inflationary pressures, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to raise rates in an environment where the vast majority of central banks are softening policy.
"While the zloty is properly valued – the euro should remain around the ceiling of PLN 4.35 in the coming months – polish bonds are not attractive.
Much more favourable yields than Polish securities offer bonds from emerging markets", says Michael Bolliger, head of asset allocation to emerging markets with UBS Wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the global downturn.
"The global slowdown may be exacerbated, but there should not be a severe recession, or at most, gdp growth just below zero," says Michael Bolliger.
"Investors should underestimate global equities, which may be affected by the lack of prospects for a solution to the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risk factors, including Donald Trump's impeachment procedure and Brexit.
Europe should behave relatively weakly among stock markets," according to a recent letter to investors by UBS Wealth Management chief Mark Haefele.
"Stocks from euro area countries should behave worse than the US, as they are more vulnerable amid heightened uncertainty around global trade and fears of a slowdown," the document reads.
According to Michael Bolliger, after the bull market in the safest countries' bond markets pushed German 10-year yields down to minus 0.74%, it is still possible to deepen the decline in yields.
In the long term, however, the profitability of long-term securities, but only short-term securities, should fall, thanks to the easing of banks' monetary policy.
The Fed has the biggest case for rate cuts, which should lead to a weakening of the U.S. currency over the next few years.
The long-term balance for the euro is the $1.29 ceiling, which would mean a 19 percent potential for the single currency to strengthen against the dollar.
We expect further fed rate cuts, which will result in a narrowing of global monetary policy gaps.
"The long-term strength of the dollar may not allow current and budget deficits," announces Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr loses its weapons.
Confidential report of the German MON
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has seen the disappearance of 39 weapons, 39 weapons and 19,445 ammunition, according to a confidential statement drawn up in the Defence Ministry of The Federal Republic of Germany.
The information was provided by the press belonging to the media group RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the parliamentary office of the Secretary of State at the MON Peter Tauber (CDU), two weapons, one piece of weapons and 3,474 rounds of ammunition have so far been re-traced.
Among the military equipment still missing are six MG3 universal machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic carbines, six flare guns and two P8 pistols.
In addition, 30 MG3 machine gun barrels are missing.
The left's vice-president, Martina Renner, expressed concern about the situation.
As rnd journalists told reporters, the number of missing weapons and ammunition is "alarming."
All the more so because, as a result of the investigations, only a small part of the lost equipment was found.
Martina Renner summed up the effects of these actions as a "miserable balance sheet."
She also criticised the fact that it is not clear from the statement whether there is also a weapon found during the investigation against The Bundeswehr Lieutenant Franco A. In December 2017, the Federal Prosecutor's Office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a serious act of violence threatening state security and violating the provisions of the law governing access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing attacks on leading German politicians for far-right and racist motives.
On his "blacklist" of targets, which fell into the hands of the prosecutor's office, there were m.in. then Justice Minister Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green party and Anetta Kahane, human rights activist and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung Foundation in Berlin.
Franco A. illegally took possession of four firearms, more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition and more than 50 explosives.
Crying children on the plane.
How to avoid them?
There is a solution
Japan Airlines recently used a feature designed for people for whom traveling with a crying child is a nightmare.
Through the website, the lines allow you to check the distribution of seats on the aircraft.
If a particular connection is travelled by a minor up to the age of two, the "child icon" appears on the specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place away from that occupied by the toddler.
The BBC reports that the lines have already reported the shortcomings of this solution.
The "child icon" will not appear if the ticket has been booked by a third party or if there has been a change of aircraft at the last minute.
As you might expect, the idea divided internet users.
Some Twitter users point out that the problem of traveling with crying children can be solved with noise-cancelling headphones.
They're children, we used to be.
"We need to learn tolerance, because soon we will start to need a map of seating for breathable mouths, drooling or drunks," wrote user G Sundar.
Another internet user noticed that he was once disturbed by crying children on the plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent himself.
Ne also lacks supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"Thank you for warning me of screaming children during a 13-hour journey," Rahat Ahmed wrote.
Majorca counts losses after Thomas Cook travel agency bankruptcies
More than 25,000 foreign tourists will not arrive in October for a holiday to Majorca as a result of the bankruptcy announced on Monday by travel agency Thomas Cook.
As the representative of the Autonomous Balearic Government Marc Pons reported on Friday, among the 25,000 people in The Hague, the 20,000-year-old government has been in the uk. holidaymakers who will not be able to take an October holiday in Majorca are also people who were supposed to travel with companies indirectly associated with Thomas Cook, e.g. neckermann.
Pons explained that 80% of the expected holidaymakers who had to cancel their holiday in Majorca next month are German and Scandinavian citizens due to the bankruptcy of the British company.
However, according to Pons, as Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the Balearic Island during November-April, the losses to the local economy will be reduced.
He revealed that the Balearic Government had already begun negotiations with international operators on the "entry into the Majorca market" following the bankruptcy of the British operator.
According to estimates of the newspaper Diario de Mallorca, more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs in October due to the tourist crisis in Majorca.
About 800 are redundant employees of the Thomas Cook office in Palma.
Others will lose their jobs mainly in the hotel sector.
On Monday, with Thomas Cook declaring bankruptcy at many Majorca hotels, the owners demanded an additional fee for guests to pay for the night.
this situation has been experienced m.in. several dozen tourists from Poland.
The Balearic Islands government estimates that by Thursday, dozens of majorca hotels had been suspended until at least the end of October due to the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook and its cooperating companies.
On the other hand, The Diario de Ibiza newspaper on Friday indicates that most of the hotels operating in Ibiza that have worked with the Thomas Cook group do not have the intention of closing facilities in the coming weeks.
The newspaper recalls that on this Balearic island, the British bankrupt cooperated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the Autonomous Balearic Islands announced that they would ask the Spanish government to support the region with €100 million to cover losses caused by the bankruptcy of the Thomas Cook travel agency.
They revealed that the largest number of tourists affected in this archipelago, about 36 thousand. is located in Majorca.
According to balearic government data, Thomas Cook is in arrears with local travel companies, mainly hotel operators, for the implementation of contracts for the Period July-September 2019, about 5 million euros.
FIFA Women's Ranking.
Poland still at 29. place, the US at the forefront of
The polish women's national team ranks 29th. international football federation (FIFA) rankings published on Friday.
In the same position, the team of coach Miłosz Stępiński was classified in the previous july list.
Poor team matches.
How will it be in October?
The leaders remained Americans, who recently defended the title of world champions.
Second place in the ranking was maintained by the Pomeranians, and the third remained the Dutch.
Poles are preparing for me qualification.
They were due to start with an away game against the Czechs on September 3.
The day before the meeting, it was postponed by a year due to food poisoning.
In this situation, the Poles will inaugurate the qualifiers with a meeting with the Spaniards on November 12 in Lublin.
Previously, the "White and Red" will play two friendly matches – on 3 October away from Cyprus, and five days later in Kielce with Brazil.
In the group of rivals Polek are the national teams of Spain, Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
Group winners and the top three teams from the second place will advance directly to the final tournament.
The remaining six teams from the second position will play in the playoffs for the last three passes to the European Championship.
The 16-year-old stake will be completed by host England.
The Polish men's team in the September FIFA rankings fell from 20. 22. Place.
"Rz": Smog has crushed the government
"The effects of the Clean Air programme are minuscule, and coal stoves will kick each winter as if nothing ever," reads the front page of today's "Republic".
"To date, 82,000 jobs have been submitted under the Clean Air Programme. applications for funding totalling PLN 2 billion, of which 48 000 decisions were positive.
The accepted applications amount to a total amount of over PLN 915 million", reports "Rz", citing data from a spokesman for the Minister of Environment.
As the newspaper points out, only part of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the programme.
The results of the announced hype of the program are judged by the journal as "modest".
Local governments, quoted by "Rz", are celebrating the failures of "Clean Air" m.in. too much bureaucracy.
"The program should be much simpler: electronic declaration, sending invoices by post, possible random check of execution.
This would improve the operation", believes the mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński Jacek Wiśniowski.
Activists from the Polish Smog Alarm note that in the first year of operation, less than 1% of the target of replacing 3 million mounds of boilers was achieved.
As "Rz" notes, although the budget of the programme is PLN 103 billion over 10 years, or PLN 10 billion per year, this amount is virtual.
"In the budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management for this year, pln 1.4 billion was reserved for this year," it reads.
Congress agrees to F-35 for Poland
Blaszczak: Now negotiating the price
The US Congress has agreed to sell 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft to Poland.
"This is one of the last steps before the contract is concluded, but not the end of our work," Wrote Mariusz Błaszczak on Twitter.
"We will negotiate hard to achieve the best possible price," the Polish minister added.
Contract for Polish F-35
The Polish air force will eventually power 32 F-35 Lightning II fighters manufactured by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the US State Department agreed to sell them to Poland.
The Communication stresses that the investment will support the national security and foreign policy of the United States by improving the security of a NATO ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to state department information, Poland is to pay 6.5 billion dollars for fighter jets.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department indicated that the contract will also cover the supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, engineering, logistics and human resources services, and related logistics and program support elements and staff training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 Fighters
The F-35 Lightning II fighter produced by Lockheed Martin is a fifth-generation single-seater and single-engine multirole fighter.
The aircraft is capable of performing near-support missions, bombings and typically fighter air combat tasks.
Thanks to stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable for short-range radars.
Recently, F-35 fighter jets bought Belgium under a $4.55 billion contract.
The Belgians want to replace them with the aging F-16.
Other US allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, are also expected to consider purchasing US warplanes.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
Barbie manufacturer has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls.
He wants to fight stereotypes in this way.
Barbie manufacturer launches series of gender-neutral dolls
In addition to Barbie with different skin color, figure or hairstyle, Mattel has introduced gender-neutral dolls.
Toys from the series "Creatable World" wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie should have short hair or long hair.
Their wardrobe consists of both trousers and dresses.
In the blink of an eye, dolls can become boys from girls and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin tones and with different clothes.
The emphasis on gender characteristics has also been abandoned – gender dolls no longer have full lips, long eyelashes and a slim waist or, in Ken's case, wide shoulders.
The company believes that children do not like when their dolls have imposed gender norms, and some parents and feminists are convinced that toys made for a particular sex inhibit girls' ambitions and reinforce traditional stereotypes.
"The new dolls will allow all children to feel free," mattel announces.
The Barbie doll, which appeared on the market in 1959 in swimsuit and high-heeled shoes, has been repeatedly criticized in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes", such as, for example, the unnatural proportion of the body.
The group has responded to the criticism and has already launched dolls of different skin colors, as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls in the hijab.
Zandberg: a circle or club Together can have a dozen Members
When asked on ZET radio how many candidates his party could get to the Sejm from the list of left-wing groups (KW SLD from which the candidates for the SLD, Spring and Left Sejm start together, running with the common logo "Left"), replied that it depends on the outcome of the committee.
"I believe that the result of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people have hope that the Left is no longer only right, but also has strength," he said.
According to Zandberg, it follows that the left may have 60-80 Members.
"This may mean that the together circle or club will have a dozen Members.
But it depends on The Poles and Poles.
I'm not going to guess and say how it's going to happen," he said.
Asked if the Left Together would have a separate circle, Zandberg replied: "We are agreed that we are diverse, and we will not pretend that there is no diversity.
I think that poles rewarded this diversity, because we showed that by differing, we were able to get along on a common agenda."
When asked if the biggest beneficiary of the joint start is SLD leader Vladimir Czarzasty, Zandberg replied that he believed the biggest beneficiaries were centre-left and left-wing voters.
In turn, noting that it was the SLD that would get the entire subsidy, he replied that "the purpose of a political party is to represent its constituents."
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the elections to the Sejm.
In the case of senate elections, he indicated that he was considering it.
"The offer is diverse and there are candidates and candidates in this offer who are closer to my heart, but there are also those to whom my heart is further," he said.
"But I will say very honestly and clearly that if I were in Senate 44, I would take an electoral certificate and vote in another constituency," the politician stressed.
"I don't think I would be tempted to vote for Minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO candidate - PAP)", he added.
In this district, apart from Ujazdowski, the leader of citizens of Poland Pawel Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from PiS start.
Dakar: The largest mosque in West Africa opened
Tens of thousands of people from all over Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday for the inauguration of a huge mosque believed to be the largest in West Africa.
Muslims arrived by bus, car and on foot to the Bopp district, where a new mosque stood, capable of accommodating 30,000 people. Faithful.
The property was built by the Mouride Fraternity, part of the Sufi islam mainstream that dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began a decade ago in a wetland area of six hectares, donated by the government.
The name of the Mosque Massalikul Jinan ("Paths to Paradise") comes from the title of the poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the 19th-century founder of the brotherhood, revered by the followers as a saint.
The mosque is covered with Karraarian marble and has five minarets.
The highest of them is 78 meters.
The mosque in the middle can accommodate 15,000 people. and the other may be on the outer esplanada.
The richly finished interiors feature a gold-plated dome, giant chandeliers and handmade decorations by Moroccan workers.
Builders say the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the edifice still has no comparison to mosques in other regions.
In Morocco, the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca holds 105,000 people. Faithful.
The construction of the mosque, which cost more than 30 million euros, was financed by private donations.
The government, in addition to the land,,, provided lighting, sanitation and financed road works worth EUR 10.5 million.
Coach Smyła: Our problem is not Silesia, but ourselves
The streak of eight league matches without victory crown players will try to break in Friday's meeting with the vice-leader of the Silesian premier league.
"Our problem is not wrocław residents, only ourselves, we have to work on what we play", emphasized the coach kielczan Mirosław Smyła.
Korona's players last and so far the only victory in the league were recorded in the first round, when on the away side they defeated 1-0 benjamin of the competition Raków Częstochowa.
Later, the Kielce recorded two draws and six defeats, and on Tuesday they lost 0-1 to The Lubin Basin in the 1/32 final of the Polish Cup.
"I am optimistic that in the last seconds of the cup match the players fought for a goal, they wanted to draw.
Their fall to the turf after the final whistle was not due to a breakdown, only it was a fall of anger, because they were so close," said Smyła.
As he pointed out, Silesia has very strong wings, so he will be sensitizing the team to play in the side sectors of the pitch.
"We are aware of the quality of the opponent, but we are also looking at what we want to play," the coach added.
In Friday's match in Korona certainly will not play pausing for the excess of yellow cards Ognjen Gnjatic, in the frame will also be missing injured Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Garddawski.
It is encouraging, however, to report to a cup match several players with a desire to play.
"We have a headache, recently it seemed like it wouldn't be, and now it is," Said Smyła.
Crown defender Daniel Dziwniel stressed that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the streak of eight league games in a row without a victory, while in the league everyone can win with anyone.
"We are a good team.
We may not show it on the pitch in recent weeks, but the moment will come that we will win and we believe it will be on Friday," the player said.
After nine rounds of the Premier League, The Crown with five points ranks 15th. Position.
Silesia has accumulated 12 more and ranks second.
Friday's match in Kielce will start at 12:00. 20.30.
These trees can completely disappear from Europe
"42% of the tree species that make up Europe's stands are under threat," warns the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in the "Red Book of European Trees" published on Friday.
M.in are at the top of the list. chestnut trees and rowan.
The IUCN, an organisation based in Gland, Switzerland, publishes a list of endangered European tree species for the first time.
It was drawn up by experts who, on the basis of research, concluded that of the 454 tree species found in Europe (as well as elsewhere in the world), 42% are 'highly endangered'.
Among the reasons, the Red Paper mentions the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, those trees and shrubs that occur only or mainly on our continent are the most vulnerable.
As far as the typical European stand is concerned, according to experts at the IUCN, 58% of species are at risk, and 15 percent, i.e. 10 per cent, are at risk. 66 species of trees and shrubs are in danger of extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red Book mentions errors in the operation of the stand, accelerated urbanisation, excessive felling of trees, followed by forest fires and changes in European eco-style.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also under serious threat.
"The consequences of human activity lead to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a risk in Europe of the extinction of important and undervalued varieties that underpin European ecosystems and affect the health of our planet," concluded the report by Luc Bas, who heads the European IUCN office.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I do not promise 600+
"Today, PiS wants to bribe Poles by offering them a credit deal for freedom, which will have to repay future generations," says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview with "Rzeczpospolita".
In his opinion, "the whole pis policy is a pic".
At the same time, the politician promises that "what is given will not be taken away."
Schetyna assures in an interview with Jack Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat Law and Justice.
It's about mobilizing the electorate at the ballot box.
In his opinion, the opposition has more potential in this regard than Kaczynski's party.
"Today, conscious people who want to live in a normal state are more than supporters of PiS, a party that has misrepresented its preaching values, such as modesty, humility, transparency," says Schetyna.
The leader of the Citizens' Coalition and the President of the Civic Platform also highlighted the basic principles of the KO electoral programme.
"Firstly, nothing that data will be received, but it is necessary to set a direction for the future, because PiS deals only with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, as can be seen even after the dramatically low investments", he stated.
Secondly, it is about "mobilising the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work reliably - and those who are enterprising."
Schetyna explains that there is a m.in in the KO program. a project that the lowest earning Poles will give more by 614 zlotys per hand, and more to earners – also a few hundred.
The politician also indicated that he did not want to race for the breakout.
As he said, he will do as much as he can do, but will not promise 600+.
"I will never allow the Greek option, where the ruling parties were bidding with the opposition for a break-up, until the country's financial collapse finally occurred," he stressed.
Schetyna also stated in an interview with "Rz" that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"Pride walks before falling.
Kaczynski is such a statesman as Banaś is crystal," he added.
The OP leader also said he had not yet decided whether he would run for the Platform.
Argentina: Six dead great condors
Six dead large condors have been found in the Argentine province of Santa Cruz, reports TVN24.
Specialists believe that human activity contributed to their deaths.
Large condors have probably been poisoned with a means to kill predators such as cougars, foxes and wild dogs.
The animals could eat toxic carrion.
In addition to one young individual, the rest of the dead condors were adults.
"This is a big loss for the environment, because the condor must reach 10-15 years to become fertile and capable of reproduction.
So we're losing a protected species, an endangered species," says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organization.
"I think the use of toxic bait and poison puts not only this species at risk, but all other forms of life, including human health," he adds.
"Rom": They want a gem for the president
Work has begun on giving the head of state a valuable chain.
The idea was supported by Andrzej Duda's law firm – we read in "Rzeczpospolita".
As the newspaper explains, it is a golden chain of the Order of the White Eagle, a royal insignia officially called in the interwar period the jewel of the Republic.
The last time it was probably used by President Ignacy Mościcki.
"Rz" reports that soon such a chain could hit the arms of Andrzej Duda.
The Senate Committee on Human Rights, The Rule of Law and Petitions voted on Wednesday to work on an amendment to the Order and Honours Act to reinstate it.
The journal writes that this is also not the first attempt to restore this chain to the head of state.
The Senate had already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it was lost by one vote.
This time the work is lightning fast.
In early August, senators devoted a few minutes to the matter, acknowledging that they would consult the President's Office.
This one came in mid-September.
"I would like to inform you kindly that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic does not comment on the position set out in this petition," wrote the then Presidential Minister Andrzej Dera.
On Wednesday, the Senate committee continued the case and again devoted little time to the case.
"The President's Office has responded briefly to us: it is in favour of restoring this," said the head of the commission, Robert Mamątow of PiS, as quoted by "Rz".
He submitted a request for legislative work, which the committee supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through an intersection
The police action will be carried out m.in. at the intersection of al. Ciepliński and al. Piłsudski.
The actions of the uniformed are somewhat related to the recent complaints of the city authorities about drivers who are not always able to behave properly at the intersection.
On Friday, September 27, police officers begin preventive action in Rzeszów "Passable intersections".
The aim is to eliminate traffic difficulties: entering the intersection without the possibility of exit, not complying with light signals or traffic signs.
"We often think that we are alone at the intersection, and in fact we make life difficult for other drivers," Marek Ustrobiński, vice president of the city, said a few days ago.
His words sounded at the press conference of the town hall, where the city authorities presented examples of inadequate movement of cars at intersections, which in effect creates traffic jams.
At the time, the president appealed to travelers to be sensible on the road and m.in. faster traffic lights or not texting while driving.
The topic was taken over by rzeszow police men, who from today begin the action "Passable intersections".
What's going on?
The aim of the measures is to eliminate the phenomenon of limiting passability at intersections by drivers entering them without the possibility of continuing to drive.
This is a common offense that contributes to exacerbating traffic obstructions and creating traffic jams.
He is threatened with a fine of PLN 300 and 2 penalty points.
In addition, uniforms will pay attention to non-compliance with light signals or traffic signs and incorrect parking in the area of intersections.
They will also observe a lack of smoothness, late starting from under the lights, slow crossings of intersections and leaving too long distances between vehicles.
At which intersections will the activities be carried out?
M.in. at ul. Lisa-Kuli from ul. Jagiellonian; al. Ciepliński from al. Piłsudski; Ul. Fair with al. Piłsudski; Śreniawitów Square from ul. Dabrowski or ul. Hetmanska from al. Insurgents of Warsaw.
Such actions in the capital of Podkarpacie will be carried out on the next Fridays of October.
They inspected a company disposing of waste from "Chaika"
"The officials of the Environmental Protection Department of the Wallomine District And District Building Supervision Inspectorate inspected on Friday an installation in the municipality of Zielonka, where waste from the wastewater treatment plant "Czajka" in Warsaw is disposed of," said Karol Szyszko, a spokesman for the Wallomine Old Town.
Inspectors from the Wallachian old town carried out an inspection at a plant located in forests belonging to the municipality of Zielonka.
The Private Commercial and Transport Department "Dar-Trans", under the agreement with the capital's sewage treatment plant "Chaika", provides waste management services.
"The installation was inspected and the trader was asked to provide documentation related to his business," szyszko said.
He added that the follow-up report would be forwarded to m.in. to the Regional Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw.
The last inspection in "Dar-Transa" was carried out by the Regional Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw between 29 December 2015 and 11 February 2016.
It was then established that the company did not perform samples, measurements and groundwater tests and did not have the results of tests on stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the "Chaika" wastewater treatment plant.
After the inspection of the EIA, Dariusz Saturday was called upon to stop violating the terms of the decision.
Private Commercial and Transport Department "DAR-TRANS" Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies receiving waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the treatment plant "Czajka".
According to the decision, waste of up to 60,000 tonnes per year is processed in the forests near Zielonka for waste disposal on the site.
The Warsaw Municipal Water and Sewerage Company reported last Thursday that at the turn of November and December 2018, the STUOŚ was decommissioned, which was related to the damage to one of the incinerator equipment.
As reported by the IPR, the monthly cost of their export is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01.01.2019 to 31.08.2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"You have taken on a difficult task, you can count on my total support," Lech Walesa told Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska on Friday.
"Mr. President, these are very important words for me," replied the candidate of the Civic Coalition for prime minister, the leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president stressed that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now "just a supporter in retirement".
Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met former President Lech Walesa in his office at the European Solidarity Centre in Gdansk on Friday.
Wałęsa's son Jarosław also took part in a short conversation behind closed doors.
"You have taken on a difficult task," he said after meeting Lech Walesa.
"You can count on my total support," he added.
"The problems before Poland are known to us all.
Therefore, it is very hopeful that you, as a woman, will deal with these problems, and we all – those who love Poland – will support your actions as much as possible," said the former President, addressing Kidawa-Błońska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked for her support.
"Mr. President, these are very important words to me, because no one like you can talk about freedom, about the Constitution, and knows what it is important," she said.
"Let us show that one can do a different, wise policy, together, but according to the Constitution, according to the law, according to the respect of others.
The Lord did his revolution, and we want to change Poland," kidawa-Błońska stressed.
Supporter retired
Wałęsa said in an interview with journalists that he is now "just a supporter in retirement".
"Of course I'm looking at that.
I hope that we will reverse the course of events, that what was good, checked, (for this) we will return.
The tripartite power is the most important, the constitution is the most important, the courts are necessary.
And all this needs to be cleaned up, all this needs to be restored to normal operation, and I believe that this time we will do it.
Because if not, we have a street criterion," said Lech Walesa.
"That is why it is so important for Poles to go to the elections, to reflect and to make their own decisions.
And that's the most important thing," Kidawa-Błońska added.
"The last chance that we will improve the state of affairs that is in Poland with a piece of paper," the former president replied.
"We need to build a foundation again"
Asked about the most important changes for her in Poland, Kidawa-Błońska said: "The President has said very well.
We need to re-build a foundation on which we can do all the other things.
Since the tripartite power does not exist, since the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and that everyone knows that otherwise Poland will not go a long way or move forward."
ME volleyball players: Slovenia – Poland 3-1 in the semi-finals.
On hot ground in Ljubljana, Polish volleyball players clashed with the Slovenians in the semi-finals of the European Championships.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussion with the referees, with the Coach of the Poles Vital Heynen in the lead role.
The White-Reds lost 1–3 and will play for the bronze medal.
The Senate has decided on key bills
The Senate passed without amendments a bill to disclose the families of the most important government officials and on the flights of the most important people in the state.
52 senators voted in favour of the amendment to the Law on the families of government officials – without amendments – 52 senators, 14 were against, three abstained.
Thus, the senators decided to reject the 12 amendments tabled during Wednesday's debate by Senator PO Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were intended to 'civilise' the law and limit the information provided in the declaration on the property situation of own children, children of the spouse, children adopted to cases where children remain in a common household with the person required to make a declaration.
The Law on the disclosure of the families of the families of the most important public officials, the project of which was created in the prime minister's office, was passed by the Sejm on 11th September.
The legislation assumes that m.in. Prime Minister, Ministers, MePs, MEPs, Senators, Presidents: Constitutional Court, Supreme Administrative Court and Supreme Court, as well as persons at the head of other state institutions, will be required to include in the declaration of assets information on the personal property of spouses, children and persons living together.
The Senate also did not propose amendments to the Flight Bill for the most important people in the state.
It regulates which flights are HEAD and who can be on board government aircraft with the most important people in the state.
The Act also specifies who is responsible for maintaining the Central Flight Register.
55 senators voted in favour of the bill without amendments, 12 against and four abstained.
Under the act, each flight of the president will be a flight "performed on an official mission".
The president's flights will be accompanied by family members and other people invited by the president.
On the other hand, the flight in the official mission of the Prime Minister and the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate will be only a flight "carried out for the purpose of carrying out tasks directly related to the function performed".
The act also specifies the list of persons who can accompany the most important persons in the country during the flight.
According to the regulations, members of delegations may be on board the aircraft – invited Members, senators, public authorities and experts; maintenance, medical or organisational staff; as well as journalists.
According to the act, in case of doubts related to the flights of the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate, the head of the KPRM will request clarification.
If such doubts are not clarified within the prescribed time, the head of the KPRM will be obliged to notify the heads of the Sejm or Senate of the inability to organize such a flight.
New sports representative
Waldemar Paluch has appointed his representative for the physical culture, sport and tourism.
It was Artur Świątek, long-time president of the University Club AZS PWSTE Jarosław, for the last 4 years the director of the Office of the Rector of the Yaroslavl university.
photo: Bartholomew Pacek Artur Świątek was recently heavily involved in the project of reactivating basketball in Yaroslavl.
Artur Świątek is not an anonymous figure in the Yaroslavl sports community.
A graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska since 2002, he has been an instructor at the State Technical and Economic School in Yaroslavl, and for 15 years he has been president
Poles after the first training in Paris, waiting for the last rival
Polish volleyball players held their first training session in Paris on Friday, where they will compete in a bronze medal match on Saturday.
Vital Heynen's charges closed the way to winning the title closed thursday's 1-3 defeat to the Slovenians in Ljubljana.
It was loud about their troubles with traveling to this duel.
This time it was without such problems – on Friday morning they went with the Slovenes chartered to Paris, and a few hours later they trained in the famous Bercy hall.
According to reports of those present in the classes, the trainer of the world champions was upset.
As Heynen's assistant Michal Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not the exercise of volleyball elements itself.
"We went to the hall, but for the most part it was time for the team.
The idea was to spend it together more than to train.
Talk, think about how to rebuild it all as a team," he reported.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the coaching staff.
"We were brutally brought to the ground.
Without a doubt, we are disappointed.
We kept believing we would be back in this match.
We discussed this match among themselves in the staff, the coach talked a lot with the players.
As the two main reasons for failure, I would point to ineffectiveness in attack and much worse than usual coping with situational balls.
The Slovenes were much better than us in this respect," he said.
In his opinion, "White and Red" did not stand in the way of stress, associated with the performance against the loud and numerous co-hosts of the tournament supported by a loud and large audience.
He admitted that the world champions could have put the smooth road to the semi-finals a bit.
"Perhaps if we had a similar defeat in the group stage, we would have analysed this lesson faster and we would have played differently later in the tournament.
But it's just a woe," he said.
Gogol hopes that the anger associated with Thursday's defeat poles will be able to turn into aggression in the match for bronze.
"I hope that we will show our true face.
There's something to beat.
We last won the ME medal in 2011," he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city and France is the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
In the group stage they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, went to Apeldoorn for the first two group stage meetings and moved to Ljubljana for the semi-finals.
Nick Kyrgios: severe but suspended punishment
The Australian tennis player was given a 16-week ban and a $25,000 fine - in a six-month suspension - for reprehensible words, gestures and deeds at recent ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour activists are losing patience with Kyrgios, but they still give him a chance to improve.
The summary of the transgresses of the most uncouth professional tennis player of recent years looks menacing – 16 weeks break plus a large fine, but nevertheless both penalties are suspended for half a year – a trial period during which the wayward athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24 years old, but he's been making a long-time history of tennis - he had to pay the highest single financial penalty in the history of the sport for breaking the rules of behavior on and off the court.
Loud swearing, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike behavior, insulting the referee and spectators, breaking two rockets during a losing match against Karen Khachalyse – for all this after the August ATP Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati paid $113,000.
He didn't play long at the 2019 US Open either, but he was able to publicly say that ATP activists were "corrupt", which hurt the authorities of the organization so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and after a few weeks they gave the verdict about the suspension of starts and another fine.
The words about corruption, however, he was forgiven, after listening to the accused and learning the context of the speech.
In the explanatory memorandum, however, tennis activists stated that the investigation showed that Kyrgios' conduct over the past 12 months had in many cases raised serious concerns and constituted an almost constant violation of the rules, that he constantly insulted people associated with tournaments and spectators in a vulgar manner, hence the high penalty.
The ATP, however, gave him five days to appeal and immediately postponed the execution of the judgment, ordering that a number of conditions be met over the next six months: in the ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour tournaments, Kyrgios can no longer in any way violate the rules of the code of conduct applicable to professional tennis players, in particular, can no longer curse, destroy rockets, argue with referees and the public, or otherwise behave indecently and vulgarly.
He was also advised to seek "continued support" from mental coaches during tournaments and also consult with people specializing in problem-solving athletes who can't handle proper behavior during the off-season.
Nick Kyrgios' first comment (on social media) for the verdict was: "Hey everyone, I can still play.
I just have to control my behavior, that's all."
In practice, the Australian will still have at least a two-week break, as he was aggravated by a shoulder injury in the Laver Cup, so he had to give up his next starts in Beijing (30 September - 6 October) and Shanghai (6-13 October).
Kyrgios is ranked 27th in the ATP rankings. Place.
This year he won two tournaments - in Washington and Acapulco, he earned more than $1.3 million, so even after fines he will stay a lot.
GUS: Poland is living better and better
According to a report published on Household Budgets published by the GUS on Friday, it was assessed as good or rather good material situation in ub.r. as many as 44% of them.
A year earlier, this figure was 37.2%, in 2016 it was 33.5%, and before that, since 2009, when the statistics office first examined subjective assessments of household situations, it had never exceeded 30%.
He considered his material situation to be bad or rather bad in ub.r. 8.1% of households, compared to 11.2% a year earlier and more than 20% in 2009.
The best is the material situation of households in the self-employed.
More than 70% of respondents consider it good or rather good in this group.
At the other extreme are pensioner households, where the proportion of such responses was only 18%.
The subjective assessment of the financial situation of households is also greatly influenced by the number of children.
The worst are parents with single children, of whom 32% declare a good or rather good material situation.
Among couples with children, the proportion varies (depending on the number of children) from 55 to 60% and among childless households it is 48.8%.
The effect of the 500+ program is clearly visible in these statistics.
Before it was launched (in 2016) the worst of its material situation was assessed by single parents with offspring and large families (with at least three children).
The improvement of subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles is a reflection of the rapid increase in income, primarily from work.
However, this is not all, because the proportion of households that consider their situation to be good increases faster than real incomes.
Moreover, at the regional level, there is no clear correlation between the level of income and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best ratings are formulated by the inhabitants of the Opole region, where 48.9% of respondents consider their situation to be good or rather good.
Next are the Lubuskie (47.7%) ), Silesian (47.6%) ( 47.3%) and West Pomeranian (47.1%)
In Opole, however, the disposable income (i.e. after payment of taxes and contributions) was in ub.r. less than 94% of the national average and 98% in Lubusz.
The highest incomes were given to residents of Mazowiecki (120% of the national average) and Silesian (104%).
On average in Poland, the disposable income per person was PLN 1693 in 2018.
In real terms (after adjusting for the impact of price changes) increased by 4.3% compared to 2017.
Against the background of previous years, this result is quite low.
Income per person increased by 7% in 2016 and 6.3% a year later.
While revenue growth slows down, it also inhibits spending growth.
These per person amounted to ub.r. 1187 PLN, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7%.
This is the first such case since 2013.
In 2017, per-person spending increased by 1.9% in real terms and by 4.3% in 2016.
Surveys of household budgets suggest that a statistical household currently spends 70.1% of its disposable income, compared with 80% in 2014 and more than 90% by 2006.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a see-through blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed show of the brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Her styling, unfortunately, was not a success.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is married to sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is committed to women,for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in the public relations industry with companies such as PZU, Red Bull and Bayer.
As a journalist she worked at TVP1, TVN Style, Vision Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book "Mom and Dad is Us", in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children from 0 to 3 years old.
She was involved in a number of projects aimed at supporting active women.
The actions she manages include the "Network of Enterprising Women", "The Lodge of Business Women", the "Women's Congress Association", or "Make Up Buisness".
Privately, she is married to Maciej Kurzajewski , a television presenter and sports journalist.
The couple have two sons, Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in a closed show of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Natasha Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also went to the event.
The intimate show could not take place without a wall, on which the stars boasted about their styling.
Unfortunately, photojournalists captured the glaring error of Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman wore a white bodice under a black shirt, which she had been hard-held through.
U.S.: Three suicides among aircraft carrier crew
Three sailors committed suicides last week aboard the USS George H. W. Bush, the U.S. Navy reported.
In the last two years, a total of five crew members of the ship have been killed.
The previous suicide took place back in July this year, and earlier in November 2017.
According to CNN, all three sailors shot themselves last week.
Each of the incidents occurred on land when the USS George H. W. Bush was moored off the coast of Virginia.
So far, the case has excluded the participation of third parties.
In addition, deaths are not to be linked.
"It takes everyone to get involved in presenting suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to stress that there is no stigma or other repercussions related to the search for help," Capt. Sean Bailey, commander of the ship, wrote on Facebook.
Niesiołowski was critical of the pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Lekszycki, Stefan Niesiołowski pointed out that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"Virtually every sentence he was accepted."
Later, there was criticism of some of his actions.
"For me, the fact that John Paul II could not eliminate the harmful activity of Rydzyk is cast a great shadow on his pontificate.
After all, this redemptorist – a pest of the Church and Poland – developed his media in the best in the life of pope Polak,"" he explained.
The former PO politician admitted: "there were rumblings of discontent, the pope said something, once Rydzyk did not accept, but he had power and for the politician could simply throw him out of the Church or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to raise money for the poor.
However, John Paul II did not do so, nor did his successor," Niesiołowski explained.
"Besides, this terrible case of paedophilia and the church's actions, or indeed their absence, has come.
I ran a little thought forward, but I wanted to draw attention to the whole of his life.
We have known about the scale of paedophilia in the Church relatively recently.
The question arises as if it was possible that John Paul II, being the head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting things," niesiołowski says in an interview with the journalist.
According to a former POLITICIAN PO, the Polish Church is an ally of PiS.
"It must be acknowledged that during the Solidarity period the Church was our most important ally.
All the celebrations began with the Holy Mass, crosses hung everywhere.
Now these crosses are, they have become a symbol of dictatorship – a sign of the regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk are shaking the Polish Church, that John Paul II has done nothing about it and that today the Church is an ally of PiS.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which it will pay for it salty,"" niesiołowski argued.
"I hope that Pope Francis is chasing Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others of this kind," he concluded.
HRUBIESZÓW: Tomorrow the celebration of the 590th anniversary of the county
There will be gala concerts and auctions.
The jubilee gala will take place at the Hrubieszow House of Culture.
First, at 11:00 a.m. 10 at the Church of St. Paul. Saint. Santa Claus will begin mass.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 10:00 a.m. 11.30 am in HDK.
The Hrubieszowska Land Song and Dance Ensemble will perform.
Youth with I LO im. Stanislaw Staszic will present a performance entitled "District hrubieszowski: Hence my family – here I live".
Afterwards, medals will be awarded "Deserved for the District of Hrubieszów".
At 11:30 a.m 16 event will move to the city's pedestrian street, where concerts "Hrubieszów charity for Angelica Zińkiewicz" will take place.
Disco polo teams will play – NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and the star of the evening Mig.
There will be auctions, m.in. porcelain of the Prime Minister.
PZPN is fined for the bourgeoisies in stadiums.
Disqualified griffin
The clash in the Polish Cup between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk with a small hair did not end tragically when the fans from Wejherowo raca by millimeters passed the goalkeeper of the opposing team, Zlatan Alomerovic.
After this incident, the match was abandoned for 20 minutes.
The PZPN committee investigating the case imposed a severe penalty on Griffin, excluding him from future competitions.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020/2021 season.
In addition, fans will not be allowed into their own stadium in the next match.
They will also not be able to leave groups for league matches until December 31.
Burdy at widzewa Łódź stadium was also called by fans of Silesia Wroclaw.
Here, however, the judgment of PZPN was more lenient, because Silesia warned that similar events could occur and sensitized the relevant authorities on this issue.
Nevertheless, the services allowed to pelt the sector of Łódź fans with rracami, set fire to chairs and push the host sector.
This match was abandoned for eight minutes and the intervening police had to use a water cannon.
PZPN punished Silesia with a one-time stadium ban in the next match in the Polish Cup and forbade the organization of trips to matches in this and the next edition of the PP.
The ban on departures also included Premier League matches, but it will last until 31 December.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to replace the signage on the entire managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie, the implementation of the amendment of the Regulation of the Ministry of Infrastructure on m.in began. the names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish.
For example, "Lviv" will appear next to "L'viv".
In our province, changes will be made to the 94 road signs set up on the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it is supposed to be easier, clearer and simple.
The new guidelines are the result of an amendment to the Regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on the detailed technical specifications for road signs and signals and road safety devices.
"We should remember that the names of localities in neighbouring countries often also have a Polish wording.
Thanks to the changes we have prepared in the law, they will finally appear on the signposts on our roads.
We start the introduction of the new signage from the Subcarpathian section of the A4 motorway", announced Infrastructure Minister Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpacie, the changes will be introduced on the 94 road signs set up on the A4 motorway and the national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total investment cost?
200,000 $1.00.
As a first step, the new signage will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is planned by 1 November 2019.
What does the idea look like?
It will do without replacing the boards, on the principle of pastes.
They will replace the currently functioning names of the village with new ones written in Polish on the existing signs.
Both names will be written in one line – first in Polish, and then in the original, in parentheses.
This will make it much easier for people who do not know the spelling of foreign city names in the language of the country in which they are located.
Feel the game with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announced razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, the world's first haptic-powered Xbox One headset.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and gives you better control over your surroundings.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in developing advanced haptic technologies for a realistic touch-based experience.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and intelligent digital signal processing to generate high-resolution touch feedback in real time, giving you the ability to fully immerse yourself in any Xbox One game.
The technology recognizes beeps and transforms them into dynamic vibrations, allowing players to empathize with the gameplay without the need to install additional software.
By using the sense of touch, beeps can accurately mimic in-game actions.
Razer HyperSense recreates events from quiet steps to powerful explosions, accurately reflecting all activities around the player.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One is designed to give all players an extra dimension of gameplay.
With HyperSense, we allow them to immerse themselves completely in their favorite titles," said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President for Health and Safety. Razer peripherals.
The rotary earmings are equipped with foam-filled cushions with shape memory and a layer of cooling gel to reduce the heat generated during long use.
For even easier handset operation, the retractable microphone has a quick mute button, and the HyperSense intensity control and the balance slider between the game and the chat are on the headphone case.
Self-adjusting to the shape of the head, the headband for a smooth and accurate fit.
In addition, the Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One features Xbox Wireless, which allows you to connect directly to your console without the need for a wireless transceiver, allowing you to set up easily and quickly.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic for more realistic sound.
Razer Nari Ultimate, originally designed for PC, debuted on the market in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was priced at 219.99 euros.
Someone shot a swan with a windbreaker
In a pond in Zamato, Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan having problems with their wings.
After catching and visiting the vet, it turned out that someone had set a target from the animal – a shotgun from a windbreaker was found in his body.
"Information about the injured bird was received by the inhabitants of the village Rehabilitation Center for Wild Animals in Nowa Soli.
According to the report, the animal had broken wings.
We went to the place.
It was immediately apparent that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely not to harm him and not to expose him to additional stress.
The swan was caught and taken to the vet.
After the first X-ray shot, it was already known that someone made him a shooting shield.
There were shards of shot in his body," says Marcin Walasek, president of Malpol, the company that manages m.in. rehabilitation centre.
Winters in the resort
"The wounds were cleaned, the bird was given antibiotics, access to water was provided, a safe place in the resort, where it will spend the whole winter.
We're trying to strengthen it.
For now, he is not able to fly.
Releasing it now would mean that he probably wouldn't have survived the winter," adds Walasek.
After undergoing rehabilitation, the staff intends to release him in the spring to the same pond.
After receiving information about the cause of poor health of the animal, the authorities of żukowice municipality intend to inform the public prosecutor's office about the case.
The incident occurred in Zamato
Gowin: "we need to boost Polish, small trade"
"Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, it will be necessary to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education, Leader of the Agreement Jarosław Gowin on Friday.
Gowin, during an interview on "Signals of the Day" on Radio One, stated that the trade is controlled by international networks that impose such low margins on Polish producers that polish companies cannot develop.
Noting that this problem is very difficult to deal with, the Deputy Prime Minister recalled that the PiS government tried to deal with this at the very beginning of the term of office, but got a "counter-attack from the EC".
"We won before the court of justice, and I hope that if the United Right wins the next elections and formulates a government, we will come back to that," he said.
At the same time, he pointed out that "the effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish, that is, small trade".
"This will have to be considered whether the government, the state, has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," Gowin said.
In May, an EU court ruled that the European Commission had erred in considering that polish retail tax was illegal public aid.
The Retail Sales Tax Act provided for the introduction of two rates of trade tax: 0.8% on revenues between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4% on revenue above PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was to be in effect from September 2016.
In September 2016, the EC initiated proceedings for violation of EU law by Poland.
Brussels argued at the time that the construction of the tax could favour smaller shops, which could be considered state aid.
It went on to state that the tribute had been unlawfully implemented.
It also issued an order suspending the application of the tax until its analysis by officials in Brussels was completed.
Poland disagreed with this position, but the tax collection was suspended.
May's EU court decision paved the way for the reintroduction of the tax, but it did not end the case.
On 24 July, the Commission lodged an appeal with the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the CJEU's press service informed the PAP that the case is currently at a written stage in which both the European Commission and the Polish Government are presenting their arguments in writing.
It is not yet known whether and when the oral procedure will begin, namely the hearing of the parties and a possible hearing.
It takes a good few to a dozen months after the appeal to the judgment is delivered.
"This procedure takes an average of one year," a source at the Court of Justice in Luxembourg told PAP.
How to dress a child for baptism?
We provide some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of an infant and his parents.
It is often the first occasion where the whole family focuses around the child, celebrating his appearance in the world together.
No wonder, then, that a freshly baked mom and dad want their comfort to look their best on this day.
However, before you make a final decision on your child's outfit, consider whether it will also be comfortable.
In stores you can find many dressed sets that do not provide the little one with proper comfort.
So what should I pay attention to?
The primary criterion for choosing a dress for baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, a few weeks of toddlers were baptized, dressed in white sets and inserted into the same beige or big drumsted.
Today, children joining the sacrament are often older: several months, annual, and even larger.
It is not difficult to guess that such a big consolation already needs a slightly different clothes for baptism.
Therefore, if your child is 3-4 months old on the day of baptism, the ceremony will probably be spent in a stroller or at the hands of parents or godparents.
The best option will therefore be to dress it up in comfortable, cotton-like sleeps or sets.
Although this element of the wardrobe is considered a casual outfit, it is enough to search for its festive variants, for example, with a frill or lace.
For the boy, a bodysuit with a print of bow ties and harnesses will turn out to be perfect.
For older children, you can afford a bigger fantasy in clothing.
The girl will look cute in a straight tulle dress
Many parents of girls eagerly look towards the richly decorated, frilly dresses for baptism complete with coats, headbands and hats.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-letting materials for their product, in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In search of the right clothes, it will be better to look into the Asanti for Kids store, which offers elegant outfits on cotton linings.
Delicate tulle skirts, satin dresses, lace, appliqués and charming sets will make your little girl look gorgeous and comfortable.
Perfect outfit for a little gentleman: cotton suit
Until recently, among parents of boys there was a fashion for suits that are a copy of "adult" models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, stiff collars and chests of coughs often made young elegics loudly demonstrate their displeasure.
Today, fortunately, they were displaced by comfortable, cotton sets.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for Kids, that is, soft, tracksuit shorts, and a blouse decorated on the front on the pattern of a vest.
These outfits look extremely festive, and at the same time do not embarrass the movements of the world-familiar toddler.
Krystyna Pavlovich published a declaration of assets
Krystyna Pavlovich made a declaration of assets at the end of her term of office.
It follows that Mrs PiS has amassed 110 000 euro. save money.
Recall that Pavlovich announced her departure from politics.
At the end of his term of office, he has a sum of EUR 110 000. £10
According to a statement made by a Member, she receives a monthly pension of £4.7,000. $1.00.
Pavlovich has an apartment worth 570 thousand. and slightly smaller, which he rents, charging 880 ZŁ per month.
She also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at 150,000 euros. $1.00.
Earlier, jarosław Kaczyński also published a declaration of assets.
Vote on the break in the conservative party conference
British MPs voted against a three-day break in the House of Commons in time for the Conservative Party's annual programme conference, as requested by the Government.
289 Members voted in favour, 306 against.
It is customary for the House of Commons not to meet at party conferences so that Members do not have to give up either their participation in them or from parliamentary meetings.
However, opposition parties have recognised that at such a crucial time as the final weeks before Britain's planned exit from the European Union on 31 October, parliament should not interrupt the proceedings.
289 Members voted in favour of the government's request for a break, 306 against.
Two opposition parties after the conventions
The disagreement with the break can be seen as political revenge on the opposition to Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday the decision was declared illegal and illegal by the Supreme Court) and for not wanting to apologise for it after the judges' ruling.
Following that ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday, and the most important event of the day was Johnson's speech and the subsequent heated debate.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding early elections.
"It's time to deliver Brexit.
It must be implemented in order to respect the result of the referendum.
Brexit must come so that we can deal with a deal on citizens' priorities, on health care, on the cost of living.
Brexit must be realised so that we can unite this country," Johnson said.
The Conservative Party Conference is due to start in Manchester next Sunday and last until Wednesday 2 October.
Conferences of the two main opposition groups – Labour and the Liberal Democrats – have already taken place.
One of the reasons Johnson gave explaining the long suspension of parliament was the party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
"President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a response to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders," foreign media write.
The president's spokesman strongly denied these reports.
"It's just not true," Blazej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
Israeli media, m.in. "Haaretz" and "Jerusalem Post", citing the "Jewish Insider", write that Andrzej Duda during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora at the Polish consulate in New York declared that it was Israel that was to blame for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said that the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland is a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to the words of Israeli Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who stated in February that "Poles have sucked anti-Semitism out of their mothers' milk."
Andrzej Duda said he regretted that Israel had not apologized for the humiliating statements made by its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression against the Polish ambassador to Israel, Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by an assailant who shouted, "Pole, Pole."
"The quote is not only inaccurate.
It's just not true," Blazej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
He stressed that Duda "never said that Israel was responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
According to Spychalski, the portal "invented it".
According to the "JI" interlocutors, during the meeting there was also a dispute between the Holocaust survivor, the commander's cross of the Order of Merit of Poland Edward Mosberg and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg was to agree with president Duda's words and say that it was the Jews of Israel "like Israel Hangover" who were responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to boteach sources, he was supposed to interrupt Mosberg's statement.
Who is Banaś and what is he at fault for?
The tenement house rented by the suteners led the journalist to discover negligence in the declarations of assets of Mariana Banasia.
We summarize another scandal that shook the ruling camp.
Journalists of "Superviewfinder" TVN revealed that Marian Banaś, president of the Supreme Audit Office, in recent years did not include in the declaration of assets of the 400-meter tenement house, which is located in Krakow's Podgórz.
Moreover, his sub-tenant was to run a sex business in the aforementioned tenement house (and thus rent rooms for hours).
In turn, the building itself was allegedly secured since 2016.
Bertold Kittel's "Super Viewfinder" programme drew attention to the irregularities.
The journalist revealed that from Banasia the tenement house was rented by people associated with the criminal world to use it as a place of "erotic encounters".
The clients were supposed to be men using the services of prostitutes.
Banaś responded vaguely and vaguely to Banaś's allegations.
Interestingly, the tenement house rented by the suteners led the journalist to discover negligence in the declarations of assets of Banasia.
The tenement house itself was described vaguely in them, and the income from its rental was to be understated.
"The estate of Marian Banasia and his wife can be worth from 6 to 8 million PLN.
In total, spouses can boast two houses, three apartments, savings ...", writes Money.pl.
And according to the analysis of the portal, the Banasia tenement house itself was already worth about PLN 3 million.
The Central Anti-Corruption Bureau is currently inspecting Mariana Banasia's declarations of assets for the period 2015-2019.
Banaś announced that he would suspend his activities at NIK until it is completed. "I will ask the Marshal for unpaid leave," he said.
The opposition is demanding clarification.
"We do not hear cba extend its investigation or expedite the examination of Mariana Banasia's declarations of assets.
Therefore, we are forced to take care of the state authorities and make a notification of the possibility of committing a crime ...", said PO-KO MEP Mariusz Witczak.
"If a normal Pole had so grossly low-priced the rental of his property, he would already have 10 checks, tax bills and criminal and fiscal proceedings," he added.
He went high, fell low
Marian Banaś is the new President of the Supreme Audit Office.
He was appointed on 30 August 2019 for a six-year term.
His candidacy was submitted by Law and Justice and adopted by the votes of the party's politicians.
Previously, Banaś was associated with NIK from 1992 to 2005.
During the first reign of PiS (2005–2008), Banaś held the post of President of the Customs Service and also undersecretary of state in the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015, he has again sat on the stool of the head of the Customs Service, and since 2017 he has managed the National Tax Administration.
Banaś served for 3 months as finance minister in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki.
Cooler Master launches graphics card holder
Graphics cards can weigh a lot today, and this naturally makes room for a category of products that would have been in vain to look for on store shelves a decade ago.
This is the solution – the mount for the ELV8 RGB graphics card – presented by cooler master.
The new graphics card mount model is not only a functional solution that allows you to maintain your graphics card more confidently without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-express slot.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task – decorative.
'Commonwealth': Ignoring the police officer's command will be punished
According to the newspaper, the disregard of a warrant for certain conduct issued by a police officer is intended to be a new type of offence, threatened with a fine, arrest or restriction of liberty.
Police trade unionists want to make such a change.
The idea went to the Parliamentary Committee on Petitions.
"The case is serious, because already every year more than half a million cases of misconduct go to Polish courts," it reads.
The Republic has determined that the petition that the Independent Police Union writes to MPs on the amendment of the Code of Misconduct has a chance of success.
The petitioners propose a new wording of Article 104 of the Treaty on the European Union. Article 54a of the Code of Infractions.
It would read: 'Anyone who fails to comply with a request or order of a public official, issued within the limits and under the provisions of the Law, shall be liable to a custodial sentence, a fine or a restriction of liberty.'
"Paragraph 3 of that provision refers to an identical penalty for those who, by failing to follow orders, prevent or hinder the performance of a work activity," the journal states.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told "Rzeczpospolita" that although he agrees with the main message of the proposal for a provision, he fears that if implemented, it can be used in matters of political manifestation.
"In situations of freedom demonstrations, this would be unfavorable and instead of alleviating the situation, they would even exacerbate it," he adds.
According to statistics provided by the newspaper, 86% of citizens gave a positive assessment of police interventions in 2018 and that 1.5 million interventions per month in the city are undertaken.
Buras worries about Europe
Jáchym Topol writes in his blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators, writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important post-war Czech playwrights, today mentioned in a row with Václav Havel.
Jáchym, therefore, hung over Jáchym from the beginning the curse of talent, which he is trying to use.
After eight years, he returned with "The Sensitive Man."
The protagonists are Buras and Soňa together with their two sons, who, however, do not form a typical Czech family.
They are itinerant actors, they travel around Europe.
He is a Shakespearean lover and thief, she is a one-eyed translator who does not part with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys has not made a sound since birth, and for the other time stopped in the days of infants.
But it is not the heroes in this story that are the most important.
All of them are merely a backdrop to observe a world where there is no longer room for artistic nomads.
It is a world of clogged provinces, a society of old, suspicious people and promiscuous youth.
The "sensitive man" in places turns into an absurd theatric.
The narrative mimics didaskalia, and the conversations of the characters create this world.
The stage is a Europe full of fears for its future, but also constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancelled 105 flights due to Thomas Cook bankruptcy
Although the British travel agency Thomas Cook has collapsed, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann operates.
However, the company has problems.
According to VRT, Brussels Airlines announced it would cancel 105 flights in October due to problems with the thomas cook bankruptcy.
Neckermann also laid off 75 employees.
All trips with the office that have been booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but holidaymakers will be able to receive a refund.
The Ghent court also declared the bankruptcy of three Belgian subsidiaries: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, around 100 000 12,000 Belgians are abroad on trips bought at Thomas Cook.
Another 40,000 people were to leave the office by the end of the year.
As recently as Monday, Thomas Cook Belgium spokeswoman Leen Segers said the company was now "fully operational" despite the uk's parent company declaring bankruptcy, which has caused concern among employees and customers.
The office then reassured that customers who bought tours in it would go on vacation.
Thomas Cook - the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies in the world - declared bankruptcy on the night of Sunday to Monday.
The immediate cause of the bankruptcy was the collapse of last resort talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
Creditors demanded that, in addition to the £900m rescue plan already agreed in August, the company would earn an additional £200m as collateral for the winter period, when travel agencies tend to have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems have been growing for several years, resulting in a debt of up to £1.6bn.
Michal Kubiak after the game against Slovenia (1:3).
"I don't think Slovenia played fantastically.
We played very poorly.
This tournament is not over yet for us," said Polish volleyball team captain Michal Kubiak after a 1–3 defeat to Slovenia in the semi-finals of the European Championship.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for review
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion – such an unusual offer prepared for the newcomers German Görlitz.
The measures are intended to help combat the progressive decline in the city's population.
Görlitz is germany's easternmost city.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140,000 people a year. Tourists.
However, as The Guardian writes, the city is struggling with significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with a permanent loss of population.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them left for the west of the country, resulting in a 25% drop in the city's population.
In 2013, it amounted to 54,000 people.
In an attempt to combat the depopulation, officials came up with the idea to start offering free monthly accommodation in the city.
So far, 150 applications have been submitted to the programme.
Two-thirds of them were made by residents of large cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom also became interested in the programme.
"When we applied, we thought the program was going to convince people to move to Görlitz," said one of the participants in the project.
"Now we feel that it doesn't matter if we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has seven thousand vacant apartments, and unemployment is three times higher than the national average.
Although the city authorities hope that some will move permanently, the main purpose of the program is to get the opinions of the participants of the program.
The information gathered from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revitalise smaller German cities.
"We want to know more about what people need, and if they decide to move - what their motivation was," said program director Robert Knippschild.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents, offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals for living and working in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy, or in the American Tulsa, Oklahoma.
