Father Józef Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He is charismatic.
Masses celebrated by him for liberation and healing attract crowds.
He was a teenager when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, through the Franciscan, others are experiencing it.
Masses celebrated by Fr. Witko for liberation and healing attract crowds
Once the parents of a 7-month-old child came to him, who had a 7.5 mm hole in his heart.
It was to be operated on.
Father Józef Witko prayed over him.
On the same day, the boy was taken to the hospital for surgery.
Astonished doctors said: "The operation is not needed, the loss is only 1.5 mm."
My parents were crying with happiness.
After another prayer of the Franciscan, the hole disappeared completely.
The clergyman began experiencing the extraordinary actions of the Creator as a teenager.
In his dreams, the souls of purgatory came to him asking for help.
I was woken up at night and urged to pray for the dead and those who were dying at the moment," he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what happens to a man who commits a mortal sin.
"My body started to change.
I lost my human qualities and started to take on the appearance of an animal," he says.
An invisible force was lifting him up, he couldn't get his voice out.
He felt he was lost.
Then God told him to save himself.
"Immersed in the waters of the river symbolizing Baptism, I was freed and returned to human form...," he says.
He told no one about these strange experiences.
His calling was ripe.
He was 16 years old when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons he wanted not only to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience him alive.
Members of the Charismatic Community of Renewal in the Holy Spirit
Masses for healing celebrated by Witko's father are attended by many people who hope to get rid of the disease.
The cleric emphasizes, however, that their main goal is spiritual healing, not physical healing.
First defeat of Kolping FRAC Jarosław
This afternoon (September 26th) Kolping FRAC team deservedly succumbed at home to the current Polish champion Dartom Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki as part of the 3rd round of LOTTO Table Tennis Super League.
The Jaroslawians, in such a personal combination, which they presented with the Grodziszczans, have little chance of victories against the league's sovereigns.
The match against Dartom Bogoria clearly showed that.
The team's leader, Chen Jingqi, is still missing.
Perhaps with him in the squad, the Jaroslawians would reach for a third consecutive triumph in the new season.
The young Asian Qiyao Han has probably not yet grown up to win against the likes of the Greek Panagiotis Gionis and the Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most promising Poles, that is, Marek Badowski.
The player from Hellada was the biggest star of the duel in the MOSiR hall at Sikorskiego Street in Jarosław.
Against both Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei, he was a class of his own.
After three bouts, Kolping FRAC led 2-1.
Kou Lei confidently outplayed Marek Badowski and Daniel Górak after a thrilling five-set fight – Pavel Siruck.
But then it got worse.
Gionis gave Lea no chance.
One could still hope for a two-point win, but Qiyao Han fell short of Badowski.
There will be no additional testing for seniors.
Why?
As announced by Rafał Trzaskowski, a program of free preventive examinations for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it has not received the approval of the Ministry of Health and its subordinate Agency for the Protection of Health Technology and Tariff System.
In the justification, the agency explained that the target group had been poorly selected.
"The above actions may even result in the detection of individual disease units, which may contribute to exacerbating difficulties in accessing NHF services and negatively affect the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with a false positive test result," it says.
The decision of the ministry is not understood by the president of the capital.
"The money is ours, we've provided the money for it.
Only the government is afraid that if people get tested, they will go to a doctor later, which is absurd, because it is all about leading to a situation in which prophylaxis can be done faster.
All specialists know that this helps in terms of the burden on the health system, because it helps in the rapid detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand," said Rafał Trzaskowski.
"It is difficult for me to imagine that experts say: Let's not examine ourselves, because there will be longer queues at the doctor's, and if such specialists advise the government, I am not surprised that the health service is in such a state," added the Civic Platform politician.
Palestine responds to Israel: We will tear up all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told a session of the United Nations General Assembly on Thursday that he would tear up any agreements reached with Israel if the country's incoming government tried to fulfill Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement to annex occupied Palestinian lands.
"If the future Israeli government proceeds to implement this plan, we will rescind all agreements signed (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made," he announced.
"We will completely and completely reject the whole plan," Abbas threatened with emphasis.
"It is our duty to defend all our rights by all possible means – no matter what the consequences – by committing ourselves fully to the application of international law and to the fight against terrorism," declared the President of the Palestinian Authority, who had already made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, Israel's former prime minister, was again tasked with forming a government after the September 17 elections.
A week before the election, he announced that if he won, he would announce the annexation of the Jordan Valley and intended to include all Jewish settlements throughout the West Bank in Israel.
In the early 1990s, Israel and the Palestinians, then led by Yasser Arafat, signed a series of peace agreements sponsored by the United States.
Abbas, 84, also promised during a session of the UN General Assembly to hold general elections in the Palestinian lands.
The last was held in 2006.
"Back home, I will call local elections in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem, and all those who oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community," the Palestinian president solemnly declared.
In his speech, Abbas defended the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the United Nations, to exercise the rights of "full members of the United Nations and all its bodies and institutions."
The Palestinian leader ended the speech by calling on the international community to "force Israel to comply with the provisions of the United Nations with full respect."
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas' speech, declaring that the Palestinian leader "would rather focus at the United Nations on the Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel than fight against calls for terrorism in the Authority under his leadership."
But Danon, the agencies note, did not allude to Netanyahu's announced annexation of occupied Palestinian lands.
Rescuers want defibrillators at sensitive points in Przemyśl
The story from the border crossing shows that an automatic AED defibrillator can save lives.
The Regional Emergency Service Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be located in sensitive points of the city.
For their attitude, the officers received congratulatory diplomas from the Provincial Emergency Service Station in Przemyśl.
Trainee Daniel Cyrnek, senior trainee Grzegorz Bal and commissioner Jacek Wojcik are officers of the Podkarpackie Customs and Fiscal Office in Przemyśl.
On August 28, they were on duty at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medyka. A Customs and Treasury officer noticed a man lying unconscious in the pedestrian zone.
A Chinese activist died in custody under torture.
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Constitution.
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, was called on September 23 by a Communist Party secretary from her home village to announce that her husband had just died in a military hospital in Hengyang.
What caused the death – he did not reveal.
At the morgue, Cao saw her husband's body butchered, unrecognizable.
"His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were covered in blood," the woman recounts.
"They wouldn't let me take my cell phone with me and there were a lot of police around who wouldn't let themselves get near Wang".
The police pressed her to sign a statement that her husband was seriously ill and died of an "unfortunate accident."
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million of funding will go to companies from the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
The National Centre for Research and Development announced on Friday the results of the third edition of the GameINN program.
Among the nearly 30 projects supported by the National Centre for Research and Development, there is the development of a platform for creating field games based on the AR game engine that creates a map of the real world with an application that allows users to send data; a test and training platform for verifying practical skills at the workplace and professional development using VR and AI technologies; an innovative game that simulates the management of real production processes using an innovative gameplay model based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the industry 4.0 concept, according to the NCBR release sent to PAP on Friday.
The aim of the GameINN sectoral program is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish sector of video game producers on the global market in the perspective of 2023.
According to the National Centre for Research and Development, the Polish video game sector is already growing at a rate of 10 percent per year.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 amounted to PLN 1.85 billion, while the forecast for 2019 is PLN 2.23 billion.
"Specially prepared research agenda of GameINN and already reaching 300 million PLN support for entrepreneurs under this sectoral program are an important impulse for further, dynamic growth of Polish gamedevu," reads the release.
The video game industry is an excellent example of effective use of the potential we have in Poland.
"Incentives introduced by the government for entrepreneurs who focus on innovation, such as R&D incentives, competence improvement programs, IP box or support programs implemented by the National Centre for Research and Development drive innovative activity of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a very competitive market," says Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the release.
The head of the Ministry of Science points out that money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of co-financing projects, but also stays in their pockets – three quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from the R&D relief in 2018 than a year ago.
"The amount of deducted costs related to R&D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in over PLN 300 million in savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is the equivalent of the support provided by the National Centre for Research and Development in three editions of GameINN," emphasises the Deputy Prime Minister.
Director of the National Centre for Research and Development Dr. Wojciech Kamieniecki reminds that in two previous co-financing competitions with a total value of over PLN 211.2 million, 78 innovative projects were awarded.
Huge interest in the 3rd competition and the diversity of applications show that the video game industry has ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
"It is particularly pleasing that among the selected projects – as in previous editions – there are projects concerning solutions for not only entertainment, but also related to Industry 4.0," he adds.
Entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding of up to PLN 20 million in the third GameINN competition.
The National Centre for Research and Development received 87 applications for a total amount of PLN 317 million.
The budget of the competition at the time of the announcement of the competition was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects were granted almost PLN 105 million in funding.
Detailed information about the results of the 3rd GameINN competition is available on the website ncbr.gov.pl.
The GameINN sectoral programme is implemented under the Smart Growth Operational Programme.
The National Centre for Research and Development launched the programme in 2016 in response to an initiative of entrepreneurs associated in the Polish Games Alliance, which includes such companies as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga pleaded guilty to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident occurred on September 16.
Dolberg, who moved from Ajax Amsterdam to Nice at the end of August, realised after training that his watch was missing from the dressing room.
Not just any, because it's worth 70,000 euros.
The furious Dane failed to show up for class the next day, explaining his stomach problems.
The case was puzzling from the start.
Footballers in the locker room have private safes at their disposal and the club area is monitored.
According to AFP, Diaby-Fadiga eventually confessed to the theft.
The 18-year-old has already apologised to Dolberg and the other teammates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised the Dane to pay back the money for the watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most promising young footballers in France.
He moved to Nice at the age of 13 and made his first team debut three years later.
He appeared in seven games this season.
He recently signed a professional contract but, according to L'Equipe newspaper, the club are likely to terminate him with immediate effect.
For now, he has opened disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, declines to comment on the matter.
Check that you are sure you wash your hands well
We all know that you have to wash them (e.g. after coming home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it the right way.
This is especially important now, when autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
And yet most of us wash them for a shorter time!
All you need is warm water and ordinary soap – it's not true that it has to be antibacterial (many doctors even advise against it).
While washing, we rub not only the bottoms and tops of the hands, but also: the tips of the fingers (joined or singly) – rub them with circular movements against the inside of the other hand, the spaces between the fingers (interlace the hands, rubbing the fingers against each other), thumbs – we embrace each thumb with the other hand and in such an embrace we spin it to the right and left for a while.
In an emergency situation (when you can not wash your hands) we should wipe our hands with a wet handkerchief, and then use antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from 5 PLN).
After using a public toilet, do not touch the door handles or doors with your washed hands (recommendation of the Main Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them with a paper towel.
Iranian president says he rejected offer of talks with US, Donald Trump denies
Tehran has not entered into talks with the US side during the UN General Assembly in New York, despite an offer by the Americans to lift sanctions, Iranian President Hasan Rowhani said on Friday.
US President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side that asked for the restrictions to be lifted, which he did not agree to.
According to Iranian President Hassan Rowhani, the Americans have proposed lifting all sanctions on Tehran in exchange for negotiations on a new international agreement.
It would regulate both Iran's nuclear program and its ballistic missile program.
Rowhani: Iran will not engage in talks under maximum pressure
The Iranian president said he had not agreed to enter into these talks because of the "toxic atmosphere."
He said he had met with American diplomats because he had succumbed to the urgings of France, Germany and Britain.
However, he stressed that Iran would not enter into talks in an atmosphere of "maximum pressure."
"And even if we want to negotiate with the Americans in the 5+1 format, nobody can predict what the end result will be," Rowhani said.
The day before, the Iranian leader said he did not rule out talks with the US, and accused European parties to the nuclear deal of favoring US sanctions on Iran.
He added that sanctions on Iran following the US withdrawal from the nuclear deal "are a precondition that does not allow" for dialogue.
"If we can lift this precondition and if America lifts sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America," he declared.
He added that he did not rule out a meeting with US President Donald Trump, even though he had not agreed to such a conversation in the past week during the UN General Assembly.
Trump: "Iran asked, I said no"
Donald Trump tweeted that he was the one who rejected the Iranian side's request.
"Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions on them so that we could meet.
Of course I said "no!'" tweeted the US president.
Tension with the atomic agreement in the background
France, Germany and Britain are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran in order to salvage, in some form, the 2015 agreement with Iran, to which they were signatories.
It stated that in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions, Iran would abandon its nuclear weapons program and bring the nuclear sector under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the US withdrawal from the agreement in May 2015, the other signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in place.
Nothing has come of it yet.
Washington is using tactics to exert maximum pressure on Iran, and sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran has said that if it is not allowed to export the crude, it will reduce its obligations under the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESZÓW: Cabaret near Vyrvigrosh
We have tickets for you!
Kabaret pod Wyrwigroszem will perform on October 6 at 4 p.m. in the Hrubieszów House of Culture in Hrubieszów.
Kabaret pod Wyrwigroszem will present a program entitled "Tra ta ta ta ta."
There will be, among others, talks about pop-up drinks and Toruń geothermal energy.
Tickets are for 60 PLN, you can buy them in HDK, as well as on the ticketowakasa.pl website.
For TZ readers we have free tickets.
Check out how to get them on our Facebook page.
A judge of the Provincial Administrative Court in Warsaw and the husband of heiress Emilia, who – according to her words and screenshots from WhatsApp – participated in stalking towards judges, was on Wednesday reinstated for adjudication by the NSA.
The reason: no disciplinary proceedings have been initiated against him, so there is no basis to uphold the order of the President of the Provincial Administrative Court Wojciech Mazur to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a disciplinary spokesman at the Supreme Administrative Court, opened an investigation against Szmydt at the end of August, but it has not turned into proceedings against him so far.
Although the SAC, which acts as a disciplinary court in such cases, must deal with the decision of the president of the SAC within a month of its issuance.
In this situation the judge who spoke publicly about his wife's mental problems in order to discredit her, who was removed from the office of the National Court Register because of suspicions of his participation in the group, will return to adjudication and will give verdicts on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his involvement in the helicopter group.
He says there is no evidence of this other than spoof screenshots and the words of his wife, from whom he is divorcing.
Exactly the same is claimed by the other judges associated with "Kasta': they are all innocent, there is no evidence.
And quite possibly they will stand their ground.
Because procurators did not lift a finger in order to secure evidences from their electronic media, they are also silent about the content of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which she stopped in June in another matter.
The police did not lift a finger to secure the devices of people who were identified as persecutors in a report from February by judge Waldemar Żurek.
There is no evidence – no Szmydt case, no "Kasta" case.
There is also no case of the chief of the National Control Chamber Marian Banaś about renting a tenement house to pimps and hiding income.
CBA checks his property statements.
And he'll check when he checks.
Whereas the Commission of Parliamentary Ethics will not deal with Banas because the Seym is suspended (but the Commission of State Control somehow got together to make a bizarre decision about dismissing Banas's deputies and appointing his lawyer as an acting one, although the law does not provide for such a strange combination).
The whole thing reminds me of a film novella, American I think, about how a wife comes home and finds her husband with his mistress in bed.
She is so amazed and devastated that she cannot cough up a word.
She stands in the doorway speechless, and during this time the mistress quickly jumps out of bed, dresses and leaves.
And the husband makes the bed.
When the wife regains her voice and shouts: what is it?
Who is this woman?
Her husband calmly asks: what kind of woman, darling?
But in the case of "Kasta" or Banaś it is all about a parody of the state.
And it's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Signing an agreement with an auditor to audit financial statements for 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S.A. announces that on 27 September 2019 it signed an agreement with Premium Audyt Spółka z o.o. with its registered office in Poznań at ul. Czartoria 1/1, entered under KRS number 0000540136 into the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court Poznań – Nowe Miasto i Wilda in Poznań, VIII Commercial Division of the National Court Register, entered into the list of entities authorised to audit financial statements under number 3992.
The subject of the agreement is the audit of the financial statements of Maxipizza S.A. for the following financial years: a. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, c. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in the high jump final
Earlier this season, she returned to competition after the maternity break, a bronze medalist at the 2017 World Championships in London, with 1.85 and 1.89 in the first attempt and 1.92 in the second.
1.94 was achieved only in the third attempt.
"I'm happy.
I showed that I can fight because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I will have to jump better technically," Lićwinko admitted in front of the Eurosport camera.
The best in the qualifiers were American Vashti Cunningham and Belarusian Karyna Demidik – 1.94 each.
Both players were the only ones who did not drop any height.
The women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
It starts at 19.30 Polish time.
Kornel Morawiecki is in hospital in a serious condition
He was taken to hospital and doctors describe his condition as serious.
It should be added that he is conscious and aware.
"We believe he'll come out of it, that he'll win again.
We are all praying that he will recover," said an anonymous close person of Kornel Morawiecki in an interview with journalists of "Super Express."
In the upcoming election, the prime minister's father is running for the Senate.
"I am kept alive by my immediate family and politics," Kornel Morawiecki said in an interview he gave to reporters on the "Super Express" two weeks ago.
In January, Super Express reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki had been admitted to the Military Hospital in Wrocław for tests.
"I developed strange, worrying symptoms and went to the hospital.
It turned out that I had jaundice.
But the worst was ahead of me.
When a CT scan was performed, it was found that I had pancreatic cancer...," said the Prime Minister's father.
A few days later, in the Ministry of Interior hospital in Warsaw, Kornel Morawiecki underwent a serious operation.
As Morawiecki recounted, President Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain, Father Zbigniew Kras, to the hospital.
The operation took about three hours and went well.
"I know that many people have prayed for me, for which I thank you very much.
Fortunately, I don't have metastases.
I don't know yet if I will be undergoing chemotherapy.
I put myself in the hands of specialist doctors who are rather good-natured.
For now, after this hard operation, I need to get back to some sort of useable state.
I hope that everything will be fine," said Kornel Morawiecki in an interview with "SE" in January.
"If I had undergone the examination too late, the situation would have been tragic and I would have already said goodbye to this pit...," he added.
Krakow: A 14-year-old girl is missing
Officers from the Municipal Police Headquarters in Krakow are searching for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact us.
She disappeared on the evening of 26 September and has not yet returned or made contact with her relatives.
She was last seen at Stary Gościniec Street in Kraków.
Nel Stokłosa is 14 years old, 167 cm tall, has blonde hair and grey-blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was dressed in a sweatshirt, grey trousers and boots.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact police at 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The Power of Jumping.
The title of the coverage of the amateur sports competition, played on the afternoon of Sunday 15 September at the hippodrome on Oleandry Street in Oława, may be misleading for some.
The road to true power is a long one, but this is the name used to describe one of the types of horse competition...
The power of jumping competition consists in the rider and horse overcoming higher and higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competition exceed even two meters.
It is worth noting here that the long-standing and still unbeaten world record, set back in 1949 by the Chilean Albert Larraguibel on the horse "Huaso," amounts to 247 cm.
Of course, nobody jumped so high in Oława, but the result of the best local amazons at 135 cm is not the worst either...
The competition organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other activists of JKS "In the saddle" constituted a demonstration part of the "Rainbow equestrian competition" held there a little earlier, about which we write in more detail in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight amazons, training in horse riding at JKS in Oława, joined the competition.
Four competed on the Ducks and four on the big horses.
In the first group the best was Nikola Szołdra, riding the crazy "Sprinter."
This small, but very dynamic steed started from overcoming obstacles spread at the height of 40 cm, and ended only at the straight rail with the upper beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not give up easily and only after three further refusals was he removed from further competition by the competition jury.
The second place in pony jumping was taken by Amelia Pawlak, riding "Fama," and the third by Lena Boruń on "Harmider."
Ambitiously competed the youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, galloping and jumping over obstacles on the small mare "Carmen."
Even greater emotions accompanied the competing amazons and spectators during the competition with the participation of large horses.
Threatening-looking falls were scored by Paulina Szewczyk, riding the "Declaration" and Anastasia Abramenko, who rode the "Lotka."
Fortunately, apart from minor bruises, neither the amazons nor the horses were hurt, so they continued to participate in the competition.
A lot of problems with introducing the young mare "Wineta" to the parkour had Weronika Łuczkiewicz riding her.
Either the trainer's assistance or another horse to the pair was needed, followed by a little crazy "Wineta."
After passing the obstacle, she also rode down the parkour at full speed, so sometimes it got dangerous in the boxes and on the warm-up arena. "Everything is under control!," Jan Sienkiewicz reassured the frightened spectators, especially the youngest ones.
From the beginning of the large horse competition Marta Masalska, riding the beautifully presented "Whisky," performed great on the parkour.
This dignified mare, paired with an experienced amazon, was the first to jump 135 cm during the second attempt in the final phase and it was the best result of the competition at that moment.
After a while, however, the same height was also achieved by Paulina Szewczyk on "Deklaracja," Weronika Łuczkiewicz on "Wineta" and Anastazja Abramenko on "Lotka."
For the decoration of the flo and for the receipt of prizes in the form of equestrian equipment, all these contestants went together and at the end, together with the amazons on ponies, they performed an impressive round of honour, ending this interesting and exciting competition.
Acknowledgements
Equestrian Sports Club "W Siodle" would like to thank the sponsors of the jump power competition during the 16th "Rainbow Equestrian Competition": the Municipal Office in Oława, the Department of Water Supply and Sewerage in Oława, the District Office and the company "Mustang."
Max Kolonko dissociates himself from KWW Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution
Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution is the name of the election committee under which the political formation #R Revolution of Mariusz Max Kolonka was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution addressed its proposal especially to young right-wing voters.
Before the elections, Kolonko announced cooperation with Marek Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions took place, and Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution did not even manage to collect enough signatures to put up lists in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko has announced on Twitter that he has ended his collaboration with Max Kolonko's KWW Patriotic Revolution.
"I will expect the above-mentioned KWW to remove my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to connect my person with the above-mentioned entity," he added and announced that he will provide more information soon.
For now it is not known whether the journalist will continue his activity or whether it is the end of the formation #R Revolution.
On 4 July, American Independence Day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko, who was in the USA, informed about the formation of a new political formation - #R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko has become famous for hosting the Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
"We're fed up with politicians, fed up with your stupid games, fed up with your amateur governments.
It is time for the authorities in the country to take over the Nation and govern for the good of the Nation," Kolonko said then.
The party's program included, among others, issues concerning the judiciary (it should be elected in general elections), tax changes (equalization of the tax-free amount for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid for the countries of the eastern flank of NATO, with particular emphasis on Poland), holding a referendum on gun ownership, limiting the number of deputies or introducing single-member constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of the formation of a new political formation, Mariusz Max Kolonko entered into talks with Marek Jakubiak.
In late July, Kolonko posted a message on his social media profile suggesting that #R would join forces with the Kukiz'15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions came to fruition.
UBS: Gold close to the equilibrium point
"The euro exchange rate will remain around PLN 4.35 in the coming months, which will be accompanied by a weak economic situation on global markets," says Michael Bolliger from UBS Wealth Management.
"Expectations of maintaining a solid economic growth rate and a stable monetary policy speak in favour of stabilizing the zloty prices at the current level," the specialist says in an interview with Bankier.pl.
In his opinion, despite the clear inflation pressure, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to increase interest rates in an environment in which the vast majority of central banks are easing policy.
"While the zloty is properly valued – euro prices should remain around PLN 4.35 in the coming months – according to him, Polish bonds are not very attractive.
Emerging market bonds offer much more favorable yields than Polish stocks," says Michael Bolliger, head of asset allocation for emerging markets at UBS Wealth Management.
According to the expert, the main threat to the Polish economy is the global economic downturn.
"The global slowdown could get even worse, but there should be no severe recession, and at most GDP growth should fall slightly below zero," Michael Bolliger announces.
"Investors should underweight global equities, which may be hurt by the lack of prospects for resolving the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risk factors, including Donald Trump's impeachment procedure and Brexit.
Among stock markets, Europe should be relatively weakest," according to the latest letter to investors by UBS Wealth Management chief executive Mark Haefele.
"Equities from eurozone countries should behave worse than American ones because they are more susceptible amid heightened uncertainty around global trade and fears of a slowdown," the document says.
According to Michael Bolliger, after the boom in the bond markets of the safest countries pushed German 10-year yields as low as minus 0.74%, it is still possible to deepen the decline in yields.
However, in the long term, long-term yields should no longer fall, but only short-term ones, due to the easing of banks' monetary policy.
The Fed has the most scope for rate cuts, which should lead to a weakening of the US currency in the coming years.
The long-term equilibrium point for the euro is the ceiling of USD 1.29, which would mean a 19% potential for strengthening the single currency against the dollar.
We expect further Fed rate cuts, which will result in a narrowing of monetary policy differences around the world.
"To maintain the strength of the dollar in the long term may not allow current account and budget deficits," announces Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr loses its weapons.
Confidential report of the German Ministry of Defense
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has recorded the disappearance of 39 weapons, 39 weapons and 19,445 rounds of ammunition, according to a confidential list drawn up in the Federal Ministry of Defence.
The news was reported by the press belonging to the media group RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the office of Parliamentary Secretary of State in the Ministry of Defense Peter Tauber (CDU), two weapons, one part of a weapon and 3,474 rounds of ammunition have so far been re-traced.
Among the military equipment that is still missing are six MG3 universal machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic rifles, six signal pistols and two P8 pistols.
In addition, 30 barrels for MG3 machine guns are missing.
The vice-president of the Left party, Martina Renner, expressed concern about the situation.
The number of missing weapons and ammunition is "alarming," she told RND reporters.
All the more so because, as a result of the investigations, only a small part of the lost equipment was found.
Martina Renner summed up the effects of these measures as a "miserable balance sheet."
She also criticized the fact that it is not clear from the list whether there are also weapons found during the investigation against Bundeswehr lieutenant Franco A. In December 2017, the federal prosecutor's office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a serious act of violence threatening state security and violating the provisions of the law regulating access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing assassinations of leading German politicians for far-right and racist reasons.
His "blacklist" of targets, which fell into the hands of prosecutors, included the then Justice Minister Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green party, and Anetta Kahane, a human rights campaigner and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung in Berlin.
Franco A. illegally came into possession of four firearms, more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition and more than 50 explosive devices.
Crying children on a plane.
How to avoid them?
There is a solution.
Japan Airlines has recently introduced a feature designed for people who find it a nightmare to travel in the company of a crying child.
Through the website, the airline allows you to check the plane's seat distribution.
If a connection is used by a minor up to the age of two, the "child icon" appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place far from the one occupied by the toddler.
The BBC says the airline has already reported the inadequacies of the arrangement.
The "child icon" will not appear if the ticket has been booked by a third party or if there has been a last-minute change of aircraft.
As expected, the idea divided Internet users.
Some Twitter users point out that the problem of travelling with crying children can be solved with noise-cancelling headphones.
They're children, we used to be, too.
"We have to learn to be tolerant, because soon we're going to need a seating map for mouth breathers, droolers or drunks," wrote user G Sundar.
Another internet user noted that he was once bothered by crying children on a plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent himself.
Ne also lacks supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"Thank you for warning me about screaming children during the 13-hour journey," wrote Rahat Ahmed.
Majorca counts losses after the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook travel agency
More than 25,000 foreign tourists will not arrive on holiday in Majorca in October as a result of the bankruptcy announced by travel agency Thomas Cook on Monday.
According to the representative of the autonomous government of the Balearic Islands Marc Pons on Friday, among the 25,000 holidaymakers who will not be able to take their October holiday in Majorca, there are also people who were supposed to travel with companies indirectly associated with Thomas Cook, such as Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80 percent of the expected holidaymakers who had to give up their holiday in Majorca next month due to the bankruptcy of the British company are citizens of Germany and Scandinavian countries.
However, according to Pons, as Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the Balearic island in November-April, the losses to the local economy will be smaller.
He revealed that the Balearic government had already begun negotiations with international operators about "entering the Majorcan market" following the bankruptcy of the British operator.
According to estimates by the Diario de Mallorca newspaper, more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs in October due to the tourist crisis in Majorca.
About 800 are redundant workers at the Thomas Cook office in Palma.
Other people will lose their jobs mainly in the hotel sector.
On Monday, with Thomas Cook declaring bankruptcy in a number of Majorca hotels, the owners of the properties demanded that guests pay an additional overnight fee.
Dozens of tourists from Poland experienced this situation.
The government of the Balearic Islands estimates that by Thursday, dozens of hotels in Majorca had halted operations until at least the end of October as Thomas Cook and its affiliates filed for bankruptcy.
On the other hand, Friday's Diario de Ibiza newspaper indicates that most of the hotels operating in Ibiza that have worked with the Thomas Cook group have no intention of closing in the coming weeks.
The newspaper reminds us that on this Balearic island, the British bankrupt cooperated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the autonomous authorities of the Balearic Islands announced that they would ask the Spanish government to support the region with 100 million euros to cover losses caused by the bankruptcy of travel agency Thomas Cook.
They revealed that the largest number of tourists affected in the archipelago, around 36,000 people, are in Majorca.
According to data from the government of the Balearic Islands, Thomas Cook is in arrears with local tourism companies, mainly hotel operators, for the execution of contracts for the period July-September 2019.
FIFA Women's World Rankings.
Poland still on 29th place, USA at the forefront
Poland"s women"s national team ranks 29th in the International Football Federation (FIFA) ranking published on Friday.
In the same position, the team of coach Miłosz Stępiński was classified in the previous, July list.
Poor team matches.
How will it be in October?
The Americans, who recently defended their world title, remained the leaders.
Germany retained second place in the rankings, while the Dutch remained third.
Polish women are preparing to qualify for the European Championships.
They were to start with an away match against the Czech Republic on 3 September.
The day before the meeting, it was postponed for a year due to food poisoning.
In this situation, the Polish women will inaugurate the qualifications with a meeting with the Spanish women on 12 November in Lublin.
Before that, the White and Reds will play two friendlies – on 3 October away to Cyprus and five days later in Kielce against Brazil.
In the group, Poland's rivals are Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The group winners and the top three second-placed teams advance directly to the final tournament.
The other six second-placed teams will play in the play-offs for the last three passes to the European Championship.
The field of 16 participants will be completed by the host – England.
Poland"s men"s national team dropped from 20th to 22nd place in the FIFA World Rankings in September.
"Rom": Smog has crushed the government
"The effects of the Clean Air Programme are negligible, and coal stoves will kick in this winter as if nothing had happened," reads the front page of today's Rzeczpospolita.
"So far, 82,000 applications for funding with a total value of PLN 2 billion have been submitted under the "Clean Air" programme, of which 48,000 decisions have been positive.
Accepted applications amount in total to over PLN 915 million," says "Rz," referring to data from the spokesman of the Minister of the Environment.
As the paper points out, only part of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the program.
The results of the loudly announced program are described by the daily as "modest."
Local government officials, quoted by "Rz," see the failure of "Clean Air" as too much bureaucracy.
"The program should be much simpler: electronic submission, sending invoices by post, possible random control of implementation.
This would improve the activities," says the mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński Jacek Wiśniowski.
Activists from the Polish Smog Alert note that in the first year of operation less than 1% of the assumed target of replacing 3 million digging boilers was achieved.
As "Rz" notes, although the budget of the program is 103 milliard zlotys for 10 years, that is, 10 milliard zlotys annually, this amount is virtual.
"In the budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management, PLN 1.4 billion has been reserved for this year," we read.
Congress agrees to F-35 for Poland
Blaszczak: Now negotiating prices
The US Congress approved the sale of 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft to Poland.
"This is one of the last steps before the contract, but it is not the end of our work," Mariusz Blaszczak wrote on Twitter.
"We will negotiate hard to achieve the best possible price," added the Polish minister.
Contract for Polish F-35
The Polish Air Force is to supply 32 F-35 Lightning II fighters produced by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the US State Department agreed to sell them to Poland.
The communication emphasizes that the investment will support the national security and foreign policy of the United States by improving the security of NATO ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to the information of the State Department, Poland is to pay 6.5 billion dollars for fighter jets.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department noted that the contract will also include the supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, the provision of engineering, logistics and human resources services, and related elements of logistics and program support and personnel training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighter aircraft
The F-35 Lightning II fighter produced by Lockheed Martin is a single-seat and single-engine fifth-generation multirole fighter.
The aircraft is capable of close support missions, bombing and typically fighter air combat missions.
Thanks to the use of stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable for short-range radars.
The F-35 fighter jets were recently bought by Belgium under a $4.55 billion contract.
The Belgians want to replace the aging F-16s with them.
Other US allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, are also expected to consider buying US warplanes.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
Manufacturer Barbie has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls.
In this way, he wants to fight stereotypes.
Manufacturer Barbie has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls
In addition to Barbies with different skin colors, figures or hairstyles, Mattel has launched gender-neutral dolls.
Toys from the "Creatable World" series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie should have short or long hair.
Their dressing room consists of both trousers and dresses.
In the blink of an eye, dolls can turn girls into boys and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
Gender dolls no longer have full lips, long eyelashes and a slim waist or – in Ken's case – broad shoulders.
The company believes that children do not like their dolls to have gender norms imposed, and some parents and feminists believe that toys made with a particular gender in mind inhibit girls' ambitions and reinforce traditional stereotypes.
"The new dolls will allow all children to feel free," says Mattel.
The Barbie doll, which appeared on the market in 1959 in a swimsuit and high-heeled shoes, has been repeatedly criticised in the past for propagating "unhealthy female stereotypes" such as unnatural body proportions, for example.
The company has responded to the criticism and has already launched dolls with different skin colours as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls in hijab.
Zandberg: a circle or a club Together can have a dozen deputies
Asked on ZET radio how many candidates of his party could get to the Sejm from the lists of leftist groups (KW SLD from whose list the candidates for the Sejm of the Democratic Left Alliance, Spring and Left Together, starting with the common logo "Left"), Zandberg replied that it depends on the result of the committee.
"I believe that the result of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people have hope that the Left is not only right, but also has strength," he noted.
According to Zandberg, it follows that the left can have 60-80 MPs.
"This may mean that the circle or club Together will have a dozen MPs.
But it depends on Poles.
I'm not going to guess and say how it's going to happen," he said.
Asked whether the Left Together would have a separate circle, Zandberg replied: "We are agreed to be diverse, and we will not pretend that this diversity does not exist.
I think that this diversity was rewarded by Poles, because we showed that by differing, we were able to agree on a common program."
Asked if the biggest beneficiary of the joint launch was SLD leader Vladimir Czarzasty, Zandberg replied that in his opinion the biggest beneficiaries were centre-left and left-wing voters.
Whereas, noting that it is the Democratic Left Alliance which will get the whole subsidy, he said that "the purpose of a political party is to represent its electors".
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the elections to the Sejm.
In the event of a Senate election, he indicated he was wondering.
"The offer is diverse and in this offer there are candidates to whom my heart is closer, but there are also those to whom my heart is further away," he stated.
"However, I will say very honestly and clearly that if I were in Senate District 44, I would take the electoral certificate and vote in another district," the politician stressed.
"I don't think I would be tempted to vote for Minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (candidate of KO - PAP)," he added.
In this district, apart from Ujazdowski, the leader of the Citizens of the Republic of Poland Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from the Law and Justice party are competing.
Dakar: West Africa's largest mosque inaugurated
Tens of thousands of people from across Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday for the inauguration of a huge mosque, believed to be the largest in West Africa.
Muslims arrived in buses, cars and on foot to the Bopp district, where a new mosque was built that could accommodate 30,000 worshippers.
The facility was built by the Mouride fraternity, part of the Sufi Islamic movement that dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began a decade ago on a six-acre wetland donated by the government.
The mosque's name Massalikul Jinan ("Paths to Paradise") comes from the title of a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the 19th-century founder of the fraternity, revered by followers as a saint.
The mosque is clad in Carrara marble and has five minarets.
The tallest is 78 metres.
The mosque inside can accommodate 15,000 worshippers, and the same number can stay on the outer esplanade.
In the richly finished interiors you can admire the gilded dome, giant chandeliers and decorations handmade by workers from Morocco.
Builders say the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the edifice has no comparison to mosques in other regions anyway.
In Morocco, the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca can accommodate 105,000 worshippers.
The construction of the mosque, which cost more than 30 million euros, was financed by private donations.
In addition to land, the government funded lighting, sanitation and road works worth EUR 10.5 million.
Coach Smyła: Our problem is not Silesia, but ourselves
The streak of eight league matches without a victory, the players of the Crown will try to break in Friday's meeting with the vice-leader of the Silesian Premier League.
"Our problem is not the inhabitants of Wrocław, but ourselves, we have to work on what we play," emphasized the Kielce coach Mirosław Smyła.
The players of the Crown last and so far the only victory in the league recorded in the first round, when away defeated 1-0 in the competition Raków Częstochowa.
Later, Kielce recorded two draws and six losses, and on Tuesday lost 1-0 to Zagłębie Lubin in the 1/32 final of the Polish Cup.
"It fills me with optimism that in the last seconds of the cup match the players were fighting for a goal, they wanted to draw.
Their fall to the turf after the final whistle was not due to a breakdown, it was just a collapse of anger because they were so close," Smyla said.
As he pointed out, Silesia has very strong wings, so he will sensitize the team to play in the side sectors of the pitch.
"We are aware of the quality of the opponent, but we also look at what we want to play," added the coach.
Ognjen Gnjatic, who is out for a glut of yellow cards, will definitely not play in Friday's match in the Crown, while the injured Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski will also be missing from the squad.
What is encouraging, however, is the participation of several players in the cup match with the desire to play.
"We have a headache, recently it seemed that there would be none, and now there is," Smyla stated.
Crown defender Daniel Dziwniel stressed that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the streak of eight league matches in a row without a win, while in the Premier League everyone can win against anyone.
"We're a good team.
In recent weeks we may not show it on the pitch, but there will come a moment when we will win and we believe it will be on Friday," said the footballer.
After nine rounds of the Premier League, the Crown with five points takes 15th position.
Silesia has accumulated 12 more and is in second place.
Friday's match in Kielce will start at 20.30.
These trees could completely disappear from Europe
"42% of the tree species that make up Europe's tree stand are endangered," warns the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in its "Red Book of European Trees" published on Friday.
Chestnuts and rowan are at the top of the list.
The IUCN, an organisation based in Gland, Switzerland, publishes a list of endangered European tree species for the first time.
It was prepared by specialists who, on the basis of research, came to the conclusion that out of 454 tree species found in Europe (as well as in other parts of the world), 42 percent are "highly endangered."
Among the causes, the Red List lists the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, the most endangered are those trees and shrubs that occur only or mainly on our continent.
As for the typical European tree stand, 58% of species are threatened, according to IUCN specialists, and 15 percent, i.e. 66 species of trees and shrubs, are threatened with extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red List lists errors in the exploitation of forest stands, accelerated urbanisation, over-intensive felling of trees, followed by forest fires and changes in the European ecosystem.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also under serious threat.
"The consequences of human activity are leading to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a risk of extinction in Europe of important and underestimated varieties that form the backbone of European ecosystems and affect the health of our planet," concluded the report by Luc Bas, who heads the IUCN's European office.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I do not promise 600+
"Today the Law and Justice party wants to bribe Poles, offering them a distribution for their freedom on credit which future generations will have to pay back', says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview for "Rzeczpospolita".
In his opinion, "the whole politics of the Law and Justice party is a pic".
At the same time, the politician promises that "what is given will not be taken away."
Schetyna assures in an interview with Jacek Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat Law and Justice.
It is about mobilising the electorate at the ballot box.
In his opinion, the opposition has a bigger potential in this sphere than the party of Kaczyński.
"Today there are more conscious people who want to live in a normal state than there are supporters of the Law and Justice party, a party that has betrayed proclaimed values such as modesty, humility, transparency," Schetyna says.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic Platform also emphasized the basic assumptions of the electoral program of the KO.
"First of all, nothing given will be taken away, but it is necessary to set a direction for the future, because the Law and Justice party deals only with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even from dramatically low investments," he stated.
Secondly, it is about "launching the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work reliably - and those who are enterprising."
Schetyna explains that the program of KO includes, among the others, a project which will give the least earning Poles more by 614 zlotys on hand, and more earners – also a few hundred.
The politician also indicated that he did not want to race for the distribution.
He will do as much as he can do, he said, but he won't promise 600+.
"I will never allow the Greek variant, where the rulers bid against the opposition for a handout, until the country's financial collapse finally happened," he stressed.
Schetyna also stated in an interview for "Rz" that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"Pride treads before a fall.
Kaczynski is as statesmanlike as Banas is crystal," he added.
The leader of the Civic Platform also said that he had not decided yet whether he would apply for the chairmanship of the Platform.
Argentina: Six dead giant condors
Six dead great condors have been found in Argentina's Santa Cruz province, TVN24 reports.
Specialists believe human activity contributed to their deaths.
Large condors were probably poisoned by a means of killing predators such as cougars, foxes, and wild dogs.
The animals may have eaten the toxic carrion.
Apart from one juvenile, the rest of the dead condors were adults.
"This is a big loss for the environment, because the condor needs to reach 10-15 years to become fertile and able to reproduce.
So we are losing a protected species, an endangered species," says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organization.
"I think the use of toxic bait and poison puts not only this species at risk, but all other forms of life, including human health," he adds.
"Rom": They want a jewel for the president
Work has begun on granting the head of state a precious chain.
The idea was supported by the office of Andrzej Duda – we read in "Rzeczpospolita".
As the newspaper explains, it is about the golden chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insignia officially known in the interwar period as the jewel of the Republic of Poland.
It was probably used by President Ignacy Mościcki for the last time.
"Rz" informs that soon such a chain may get onto the arms of Andrzej Duda.
The Senate Committee on Human Rights, the Rule of Law and Petitions voted Wednesday to move forward with an amendment to the Orders and Decorations Act to restore it.
The Journal writes that this is also not the first attempt to restore this chain to the head of state.
The Senate had already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it was defeated by one vote.
This time the work is lightning fast.
In early August, senators spent a few minutes on the issue, recognizing that they would seek the opinion of the President's Office.
This came in mid-September.
"I kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in this petition," wrote the Presidential Minister Andrzej Dera.
On Wednesday, a Senate committee continued the case and again devoted little time to the matter.
"The Chancellery of the President answered us briefly: it is in favour of restoring it," said the head of the commission Robert Mamątow from the Law and Justice party, quoted by "Rz."
He put forward a proposal for legislative work, which the committee supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through the intersection
The police action will be carried out, among others, at the intersection of Cieplińskiego Avenue and Piłsudskiego Avenue.
The actions of uniformed officers are somehow related to the recent complaints of the city authorities about drivers who are not always able to behave appropriately at the intersection.
On Friday, 27 September, police officers begin preventive actions in Rzeszów "Drivable intersections."
The aim is to eliminate traffic obstacles: entering an intersection without the possibility of exiting, not following traffic signals or road signs.
"We often think that we are alone at the intersection, and in fact we make life difficult for other drivers," said Marek Ustrobiński, vice-mayor of the city, a few days ago.
His words resonated at a town hall press conference, where city officials presented examples of cars moving inappropriately around intersections, which in effect creates traffic jams.
At the time, the president appealed to travelers to be sensible on the road and, among other things, to start faster at traffic lights or not to text while driving.
The subject was somehow taken over by the policemen from Rzeszów, who from today begin the action "Transferable intersections."
What's the point?
The aim of the measures is to eliminate the phenomenon of limiting the passability at intersections by drivers entering them without the possibility to continue driving.
This is a common offence that contributes to intensifying traffic difficulties and creating traffic jams.
It is subject to a fine of PLN 300 and 2 penalty points.
In addition, uniformed personnel will pay attention to non-compliance with traffic lights or signs and incorrect parking in the area of intersections.
They will also observe the lack of smoothness of driving, late starting from the beacons, slow crossing of intersections and leaving too large distances between vehicles.
At which intersections will the action take place?
Among others, on Lisa-Kuli Street with Jagiellońska Street; Cieplińskiego Avenue with Piłsudskiego Avenue; Targowa Street with Piłsudskiego Avenue; Śreniawitów Square with Dąbrowskiego Street or Hetmańska Street with Powstańców Warszawy Avenue.
Such actions in the capital of Podkarpacie will be carried out on consecutive Fridays in October.
They inspected the company disposing of waste from "Czajka"
"Officials of the Department of Environmental Protection of the Wołomiński District Office and the District Inspectorate of Construction Supervision inspected the installation in the Zielonka commune, where waste from the "Czajka" sewage treatment plant in Warsaw is disposed of," said the spokesman of the Wołomiński starosty, Karol Szyszko.
Inspectors from the Wołomin starosty carried out an inspection in a plant located in the forests belonging to the Zielonka commune.
Private Trade and Transport Plant "Dar-Trans," under the contract with the capital sewage treatment plant "Czajka" performs services of sewage waste management.
"Inspection of the installation was carried out, and the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his business," said Szyszko.
He added that the post-inspection report will be submitted to the Provincial Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw.
The last inspection in "Dar-Trans" was carried out by the Voivodship Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw between 29 December 2015 and 11 February 2016.
At that time, it was established that the company did not perform sampling, measurements and tests of groundwater, and did not have the results of tests of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the "Czajka" sewage treatment plant.
After the inspection of WIOŚ, Dariusz Sobota was called to stop violating the terms of the decision.
Private Trade and Transport Plant "DAR-TRANS" Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies collecting waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the "Czajka" treatment plant.
In accordance with the decision to dispose of waste on the site of the excavation, waste weighing up to 60,000 tonnes per year is processed in the forests near Zielonka.
The Warsaw Municipal Water Supply and Sewage Company announced last Thursday that at the turn of November and December 2018, STUOŚ was taken out of operation, which was related to damage to one of the incineration plant equipment.
As the MPWiK informed, the monthly cost of their export is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01.01.2019 to 31.08.2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"You have undertaken a difficult task, you can count on my total support," Lech Wałęsa said to Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska on Friday.
"Mr President, for me these are very important words," replied the candidate of the Civic Coalition for prime minister, the leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president emphasized that as far as the situation in Poland is concerned, he is now "only a retired supporter".
On Friday, Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met with former President Lech Wałęsa in his office at the European Solidarity Centre in Gdańsk.
Wałęsa's son Jarosław also took part in a short conversation behind closed doors.
"You have undertaken a difficult task," Lech Walesa said after the meeting.
"You can count on my total support," he added.
"The problems facing Poland are known to all of us.
Therefore, we very much hope that you, as a woman, will cope with these problems, and all of us – those who love Poland – will support your actions as much as possible," said the former president, addressing Kidawa-Błońska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked for the support.
"Mr President, for me these are very important words, because no one like you can talk about freedom, about the constitution and knows how important it is," she said.
"Let us show that it is possible to do different, wise politics, together, but in accordance with the constitution, in accordance with the law, in accordance with respect for others.
You did your revolution in this way, and we want to change Poland in this way," said Kidawa-Błońska.
Retired fan
Walesa, speaking to reporters, said he was now "just a retired supporter."
"Of course I'm looking into it.
I hope that we will turn things around, that what was good, proven, (to that) we will return.
The separation of powers is paramount, the constitution is paramount, the courts are essential.
And all this needs to be cleaned, all this needs to be restored to normal operation, and I believe that this time we will do it.
Because if not, we will face a street criterion," said Lech Wałęsa.
"That is why it is so important for Poles to go to the elections, think and make their own decisions.
And this is the most important thing," added Kidawa-Błońska.
"The last chance that we will improve the state of affairs in Poland with a card," the former president replied.
"We need to build a new foundation"
Asked about the most important changes that should take place in Poland, Kidawa-Błońska said: "The President said very well.
We need to build a new foundation on which we can do all the other things.
If the separation of powers does not exist, if the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it a matter of course and let everyone know that otherwise Poland will not move forward."
FIVB Volleyball: Slovenia v Poland 3-1 in the semi-finals.
On a hot ground in Ljubljana, Polish volleyball players clashed with Slovenians in the semi-finals of the European Championships.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussion with the judges, with Polish coach Vital Heynen in the lead role.
The "White and Reds" lost 3-1 and will play for the bronze medal.
The Senate decided on key bills
The Senate adopted without amendments the bills on the disclosure of the assets of the families of the most important state officials and on the flights of the most important people in the country.
52 senators voted in favour of the amendment to the Act on the Estates of the Families of State Officials – without amendments, 14 were against and three abstained.
Thus, the senators decided to reject 12 amendments submitted during Wednesday's debate by the Civic Platform senator Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were to "civilize" the law and limit the scope of information given in the statement about the financial situation of own children, children of the spouse, children adapted to cases in which children remain in a common household with a person obliged to make a statement.
The act concerning the openness of property of families of the most important state officials, whose project was created in the office of the prime minister, was passed by the Seym on 11 September.
The provisions assume that, inter alia, the Prime Minister, ministers, deputies, MEPs, senators, presidents of the Constitutional Tribunal, the Supreme Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as persons heading other state institutions, will be obliged to include information on the personal property of spouses, children and persons living together in a property declaration.
The Senate also did not propose amendments to the law on flights of the most important people in the country.
It regulates what flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government aircraft along with the most important people in the state.
The law also specifies who is responsible for maintaining the Central Flight Register.
55 senators voted in favour of the bill, 12 against and four abstained.
According to the bill, each flight of the president will be a flight "performed on an official mission."
On the flights, the president will be able to be accompanied by family members and other people invited by the president.
Whereas the flight in the official mission of the prime minister and the marshals of the Sejm and the Senate will be only a flight "taken in order to carry out tasks directly connected with the function".
The Act also specifies the list of persons who may accompany the most important persons in the country during the flight.
According to the regulations, members of the delegation – invited MPs, senators, representatives of public authorities and experts; persons providing technical, medical or organisational support; as well as journalists – may be on board the aircraft.
Pursuant to the Act, in the event of doubts related to the flights of the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate, the head of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister will apply for their clarification.
If such doubts are not clarified within the set time, the head of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or the Senate of the inability to organise such a flight.
New proxy for sport
Waldemar Paluch appointed his plenipotentiary for physical culture, sport and tourism.
It was Artur Świątek, a long-term president of the University Club AZS PWSTE Jarosław, for the last 4 years the director of the Office of the Rector of the Jaroslaw university.
fot. Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek was recently heavily involved in the basketball reactivation project in Jarosław.
Artur Świątek is not an anonymous figure in the Jaroslaw sports community.
A graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska since 2002, he is an instructor at the State Higher Technical and Economic School in Jarosław, and for 15 years he has been the President
After the first training in Paris, the Poles are waiting for their last rival
The Polish volleyball players held their first practice in Paris on Friday, where they will compete in the bronze medal match on Saturday.
Vital Heynen's charge closed the way to clinching the title with a 3-1 defeat to Slovenia in Ljubljana on Thursday.
There was a lot of talk about their troubles travelling to this match.
This time there were no such problems – on Friday morning they went with the Slovenians on a charter to Paris, and a few hours later they had a training in the famous Bercy hall.
According to the accounts of those present, the coach of the world champions was nervous.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not just to practice volleyball elements.
"We went to the hall, but the vast majority of the time it was for the team.
It was more about spending it together than training.
To talk, to think about how to rebuild it all as a team," he reported.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the coaching staff.
"We've been brutally brought down to earth.
Without a doubt, we are disappointed.
We kept believing we would still get back into this game.
We discussed that game among ourselves on the staff, the coach talked to the players quite a bit.
As the two main reasons for the defeat, I would point to ineffectiveness in attack and much worse than usual handling of situational balls.
The Slovenians were much better than us in this respect," he analysed.
In his opinion, the "White and Red" did not stand in the way of the stress associated with the performance against the co-hosts of the tournament supported by a loud and large audience.
Instead, he admitted that the world champions may have been somewhat lulled by a smooth road to the semi-finals.
"Maybe if we had a similar-style defeat in the group stage, we would have analysed the lesson more quickly and played differently later in the tournament.
But that's just guessing," he cautioned.
Gogol hopes the anger over Thursday's defeat can be turned into aggression by the Poles in the bronze match.
"I hope that we will then show our true colours.
There's a lot to fight about.
The last time we won a medal was in 2011," he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city and France is the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
In the group stage, they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, went to Apeldoorn for the first two group stage matches, and moved to Ljubljana for the semi-finals.
Nick Kyrgios: severe punishment but suspended
The Australian tennis player received a 16-week ban and a $25,000 fine – suspended for six months – for reprehensible words, gestures and actions during recent ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour officials are losing patience with Kyrgios but are still giving him a chance to improve.
A summary of the misdeeds of the most uncouth professional tennis player of recent years looks menacing – 16 weeks off plus a sizeable fine, but yet both penalties are withheld for six months – a probationary period in which the wayward athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24, but he has been roughing it for a long time and has earned a kind of tennis world record – he had to pay the highest single financial penalty in the sport's history for violating the rules of behaviour on and next to the court.
Loud swearing, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike conduct, insulting the referee and spectators, breaking two rackets during a loss to Karen Khachanov – all for which he paid $113,000 after the ATP Masters 1000 in Cincinnati in August.
At the 2019 US Open, he did not play for long either, but managed to publicly say that ATP officials "are corrupt," which hurt the organization's authorities so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and after a few weeks gave the above-mentioned verdict of suspension and another fine.
However, he was forgiven for his words about corruption, after hearing the accused and learning the context of the statement.
In the statement of reasons, however, tennis officials stated that the investigation showed that Kyrgios' conduct throughout the past 12 months in many cases raised serious concerns and constituted an almost continuous violation of the rules that he constantly insulted people associated with tournaments and spectators in a vulgar manner, hence the high penalty.
However, the ATP gave him five days to appeal and immediately postponed his sentence, ordering him to meet several conditions within the next six months: in the ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour, Kyrgios can no longer violate the rules of the code of conduct for professional tennis players in any way, in particular, he can no longer swear, destroy rackets, argue with referees and the public, or otherwise behave indecently and vulgarly.
He was also advised to seek "continuous support" from mental coaches during tournaments and also in the off-season to consult with people who specialize in solving problems of athletes who do not cope with proper behavior.
Nick Kyrgios' first comment (on social media) on the verdict was: "Hey everyone, I can still play.
I just have to control my behavior, that's all."
In practice, the Australian will still have at least a two-week break, as his shoulder injury exacerbated in the Laver Cup, so he had to give up his next starts in Beijing (30 September – 6 October) and Shanghai (6-13 October).
In the ATP rankings, Kyrgios is ranked 27th.
This year he won two tournaments – in Washington and Acapulco, he earned over 1.3 million dollars, so even after the fines he will have a lot left.
Central Statistical Office: Life in Poland is getting better
According to the report on household budgets published by the Central Statistical Office (GUS) on Friday, as many as 44% of households assessed their financial situation as good or rather good last year.
A year earlier, this percentage was 37.2%, in 2016 it was 33.5%, and earlier – since 2009, when the statistical office examined subjective assessments of the situation of households for the first time – it had never exceeded 30%.
Last year, a total of 8.1% of households considered their financial situation to be bad or rather bad, as compared to 11.2% a year before and over 20% in 2009.
The financial situation of self-employed households is the best.
In this group, over 70 percent of respondents consider it to be good or rather good.
At the other extreme are the households of pensioners, where the percentage of such responses was only 18 percent.
The subjective assessment of the financial situation of households is also strongly influenced by the number of children.
The worst situation is for single parents, among whom 32 per cent declare a good or rather good financial situation.
Among couples with children, this percentage varies (depending on the number of children) from 55 to 60%, and among childless households it is 48.8%.
The effect of the 500+ programme is clearly visible in these statistics.
Before it was launched (in 2016), the worst financial situation was assessed by single parents and families with many children (with at least three children).
Improving subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles reflects a rapid increase in income, especially from work.
However, that is not all, because the percentage of households that consider their situation to be good is increasing faster than real incomes.
Moreover, at the level of voivodships, there is no clear correlation between the level of income and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best marks are formulated by the inhabitants of the Opolskie voivodship, where 48.9% of the respondents consider their situation to be good or rather good.
Next are Lubuskie (47.7%), Śląskie (47.6%), Mazowieckie (47.3%) and Zachodniopomorskie (47.1%).
Meanwhile, in Opole the disposable income (i.e. after paying taxes and contributions) last year amounted to less than 94% of the national average, and in Lubuskie 98%.
The highest incomes were in Mazowieckie (120 per cent of the national average) and Śląskie (104 per cent).
In Poland, the average disposable income per capita was PLN 1,693 in 2018.
In real terms (after adjusting for the impact of price changes), it increased by 4.3% as compared to 2017.
Compared to previous years, this result is quite low.
In 2016, per capita income increased by 7% and a year later by 6.3%.
While income growth is slowing, it is also holding back spending growth.
These per capita amounted to PLN 1,187 last year, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7%.
This is the first time this has happened since 2013.
In 2017, expenditure per capita increased by 1.9% in real terms, and by 4.3% in 2016.
Household budget surveys suggest that a statistical household now spends 70.1% of its disposable income, compared to over 80% in 2014 and over 90% by 2006.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a transparent blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed show of the brand "Patrizia Pepe."
Unfortunately, her styling was not successful.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is married to sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in activities for women, for which she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in the public relations industry with companies such as PZU, Red Bull and Bayer.
As a journalist she worked for TVP1, TVN Style, Wizja Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book "Mum and Dad are Us," in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0 to 3.
She was involved in a number of projects to provide support for active women.
The actions she manages include "Entrepreneurial Women's Network," "Business Women's Lodge," "Women's Congress Association," and "Make Up Buisness."
Privately, she is married to Maciej Kurzajewski – TV presenter and sports journalist.
The marriage has two sons, Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed screening of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe."
Natasza Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also went to the event.
The intimate show could not have taken place without a wall on which the stars showed off their outfits.
Unfortunately, photojournalists noticed a blatant mistake of Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman wore a white bustier underneath a black shirt that showed through heavily.
USA: Three suicides among aircraft carrier crew
Three sailors committed suicide aboard the USS George H W Bush last week, the US Navy said.
In the last two years, a total of five crew members of this ship have killed themselves.
The previous suicide took place in July of that year, and the previous one in November 2017.
All three sailors shot themselves last week, according to CNN.
Each incident occurred on land when the USS George H. W. Bush was moored off the coast of Virginia.
So far, the involvement of third parties has been ruled out.
In addition, the deaths are not to be linked.
"We need everyone to get involved in making suggestions and ideas about how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to stress that there is no stigma or other repercussions associated with seeking help," Captain Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, wrote on Facebook.
Niesiolowski was critical of the pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Lekszycki, Stefan Niesiołowski emphasized that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"Actually, his every opinion was accepted."
There was later criticism of some of his actions.
"For me the fact that John Paul II could not liquidate the harmful activity of Rydzyk casts a great shadow on his pontificate.
After all, this Redemptorist – a pest of the Church and Poland – was developing his media in the best way during the life of the Polish pope', he explained.
The former politician of the Civic Platform admitted: "there were murmurs of discontent, the pope said something, once he did not accept Rydzyk, but he had authority and for politicking he could simply throw him out of the Church or send him to a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji, so that he would collect money for the poor there.
However, John Paul II did not do it, nor did his successors," explained Niesiołowski.
"Besides, there was this fatal matter of pedophilia and actions of the Church, and, in fact, their lack.
I looked forward a little, but I wanted to draw attention to his whole life.
We have known about the scale of pedophilia in the Church for a relatively recent time.
There appears a question how it is possible that John Paul II, being the head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting matters', says Niesiołowski in an interview with a journalist.
In the opinion of the former politician of the Civic Platform the Polish Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
"It must be admitted that during the period of Solidarity the Church was our most important ally.
All celebrations began with mass, crosses hung everywhere.
Now these crosses are written, they have become a symbol of dictatorship – a sign of the Pisan regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is the fact that such people as Rydzyk are shaking the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing about it and that today the Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which it will have to pay dearly," Niesiołowski argued.
"I hope that Pope Francis will chase Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others of this type," he concluded.
HRUBIESZÓW: Tomorrow the celebration of the 590th anniversary of the county
There will be gala concerts and auctions.
The jubilee gala will be held in the Hrubieszów House of Culture.
First, Mass will begin at 10 a.m. in the Church of St.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30 in HDK.
The Hrubieszów Land Song and Dance Ensemble will perform.
Young people from the Stanisław Staszic High School will present a performance entitled "Hrubieszów County: From here my family – here I live."
Then the medals "Meritorious for Hrubieszów County" will be awarded.
At 4 p.m. the event will move to the city promenade, where concerts "Hrubieszów charity for Angelika Zińkiewicz" will be held.
Disco polo bands – NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and the star of the evening Mig – will play.
There will be auctions, including the pen and china of the Prime Minister.
PZPN throws penalties for brawls in stadiums.
Disqualified griffin
The clash within the Polish Cup between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk nearly ended tragically, when the flare fired by the fans from Wejherowo by millimeters missed the goalkeeper of the opposing team, Zlatan Alomerovic.
The match was suspended for 20 minutes.
The PZPN commission investigating this case imposed a severe punishment on Gryf, excluding him from future games.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020/2021 season.
In addition, fans will not be allowed in the next match to their own stadium.
They will also not be allowed to travel in groups for league matches until 31 December.
Brawls at the Widzew Łódź stadium were also caused by fans of Śląsk Wrocław.
Here, however, the verdict of the Polish Football Association was more lenient, because Silesia warned that similar events could happen and alerted the relevant organs in this issue.
Despite this, the services allowed flares to be thrown at the sector of Łódź fans, chairs to be set on fire and the host sector to be pushed.
This match was stopped for eight minutes and the intervening police had to use a water cannon.
PZPN punished Silesia with a one-time stadium ban in the next match in the Polish Cup and forbade to organize trips to matches in this and the next edition of the PP.
The ban on trips also included Ekstraklasa league matches, but there will last until 31 December.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to replace the signage on the entire managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie, the implementation of the amendment to the regulation of the Ministry of Infrastructure on, among others, writing the names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish has begun.
For example, "Lviv" will appear next to "L'viv."
In our province the changes will be introduced on 94 road signs placed at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we can hear, it should be easier, clearer and simpler.
The new guidelines result from the amendment of the Regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on detailed technical requirements for road signs and signals and road safety equipment.
"We should remember that the names of towns in neighbouring countries often also have a Polish sound.
Thanks to the change in the law that we have prepared, they will finally appear on the signposts on our roads.
The introduction of the new signage starts from the Podkarpackie section of the A4 motorway," informed the Minister of Infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpacie changes will be introduced on 94 road signs set up at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total cost of investment?
200,000 zlotys.
As a first step, the new signage will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is planned by 1 November 2019.
What should the implementation of the idea look like?
It will take place without replacing the boards, on the principle of stickers.
They will replace the currently existing place names with new ones written in Polish on already existing signs.
Both names will be written in one line – first in Polish, then in the original, in parentheses.
This will make it much easier for people who do not know the spelling of the names of foreign cities in the language of the country in which they are located.
Experience the game with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announced Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One – the world's first haptic-powered headset for Xbox One.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and provides better control over the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in creating advanced haptic technologies that provide a realistic touch-based experience.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and intelligent digital signal processing to generate high-resolution tactile feedback in real time, giving you the ability to fully immerse yourself in any game on Xbox One.
The technology recognizes the beeps and transforms them into dynamic vibrations so players can empathize with the gameplay without having to install any additional software.
Through the use of the sense of touch, beeps can accurately mimic the actions in the game.
Razer HyperSense recreates events from silent steps to powerful explosions, accurately capturing all activities in the player's environment.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One is designed to give all players an extra dimension to gameplay.
With HyperSense, we allow them to completely immerse themselves in their favorite titles," said Alvin Cheung, Senior Vice President, Razer Peripherals.
The rotating earmuffs are equipped with foam-filled cushions with shape memory and a layer of cooling gel to reduce the heat generated during long use.
For even easier operation of the headphones, there is a quick mute button on the retractable microphone, and a HyperSense intensity regulator on the headphone casing and a balance slider between the game and the chat.
The headband, which adapts to the shape of the head, ensures a trouble-free and accurate fit.
In addition, Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One features Xbox Wireless, which allows you to connect directly to the console without the need for a wireless transmitter and receiver device, allowing for easy and fast setup.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic for a more realistic sound.
The Razer Nari Ultimate, originally intended for PC, debuted in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was valued at 219.99 euros.
Someone shot a swan with an air gun
In a pond in Zameczno in Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan having problems with its wings.
After catching and visiting the vet, it turned out that someone had made a target out of the animal – an airgun pellet was found in its body.
"Information about the injured bird was received from the villagers of the Wild Animal Rehabilitation Centre in Nowa Sól.
The report said the animal had broken wings.
We went to the place.
It was immediately apparent that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely in order not to harm him and not to expose him to additional stress.
The swan was caught and taken to a vet.
After the first removal of the X-ray, it was already known that someone had made a shooting shield out of it.
There were shards of pellets in his body," says Marcin Walasek, President of Malpol, which manages, among others, the rehabilitation centre.
Overwintering in the resort
"The wounds have been cleaned, the bird has been given antibiotics, given access to water, a safe place in the centre where it will spend the whole winter.
We are trying to strengthen it.
For now, he is unable to fly.
Letting him go now would probably mean that he would not survive the winter," adds Walasek.
After the swan is rehabilitated, the staff intends to release it to the same pond in the spring.
After receiving information about the cause of the animal's ill health, the authorities of Żukowice commune intend to inform the prosecutor's office about the case.
The incident happened in Zameczno
Gowin: "we must stimulate Polish small trade"
"Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, we will have to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education, leader of the Agreement Jarosław Gowin.
During an interview in "Signals of the Day" in radio Jedynka, Gowin stated that trade is dominated by international networks, which impose such low margins on Polish producers that Polish companies cannot actually develop.
Noting that it is very difficult to fight this problem, the vice-prime minister reminded that the government of the Law and Justice party was trying to face it at the very beginning of the cadency, but it got "a counter-attack from the European Commission".
"We won before the court of justice and I hope that if the United Right wins the next elections and forms a government, we will return to this subject," he said.
At the same time, he noted that "effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the Polish problem, i.e. small trade."
"On this we will have to consider whether the government, the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Gowin.
In May, an EU court found that the European Commission had erred in finding that the Polish retail tax was illicit state aid.
The Retail Sales Tax Act provided for the introduction of two rates of trade tax: 0.8% on revenue between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4% on revenue over PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was to apply from September 2016.
In September 2016, the European Commission initiated proceedings for violation of EU law by Poland.
Brussels argued then that the design of the tax could favour smaller shops, which could be considered state aid.
It then found that the levy had been implemented unlawfully.
It also issued an order suspending the application of the tax until officials in Brussels have completed their analysis of it.
Poland did not agree with this position, but the tax collection was suspended.
An EU court decision in May opened the way for the tax to be reintroduced, but it did not end the case.
On 24 July, the Commission appealed to the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the press service of the CJEU informed PAP that the case is currently at the written stage, in which both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
It is not yet known whether or when the oral procedure will start, i.e. the hearing of the parties and a possible hearing.
It takes a good few to several months from the filing of an appeal to the announcement of the verdict.
"Such proceedings take an average of a year," a source at the Luxembourg Court told PAP.
How to dress a child for baptism?
We suggest a few practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of a baby and its parents.
It is often the first occasion when the whole family gathers around the child, celebrating his appearance in the world.
No wonder, then, that the newly minted mum and dad want their child to look their best on this day.
However, before you make the final decision about your child's outfit, consider whether it will also be comfortable.
In the shops you can find many outfitted sets that do not provide the child with adequate comfort.
So what should you look out for?
The basic criterion for choosing clothes for baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, a few-week-old toddlers were baptized, dressed in white sets and put into the same beciks or big pillows.
Today children who receive the sacrament are often older: a few months old, one year old and even bigger.
It is not difficult to guess that such a big comfort needs a slightly different clothes for baptism.
So, if your child is 3-4 months old on the day of baptism, he will surely spend the ceremony in a pram or in the hands of parents or godparents.
The best solution will be to decorate it in comfortable cotton sleeping bags or sets.
Although this piece of clothing is considered an everyday outfit, it is enough to search for its festive variants, for example with a frill or lace.
For a boy, a body with a printed bow tie and braces will be perfect.
For older children, you can afford more fantasy in dress.
The girl will look lovely in a simple tulle dress
Many parents of girls look longingly towards richly decorated, ruffled dresses for baptism complete with coats, headbands and caps.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-breathing materials, in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In search of the right clothes, it is better to visit the Asanti for Kids store, which offers elegant outfits on cotton linings.
Delicate tulle skirts, satin dresses, lace, appliques and charming sets will make your daughter look beautiful and feel comfortable.
The perfect outfit for the little gentleman: a cotton suit
Until recently, there was a trend among boys' parents for suits that were copies of "adult" models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, stiff collars or caskets often made young elegances loudly demonstrate their dissatisfaction.
Today, fortunately, they have been displaced by comfortable, cotton sets.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for Kids, which are soft, sweatpants, and a blouse decorated on the front in the pattern of a vest.
These outfits look extremely festive, and at the same time do not restrict the movements of a toddler exploring the world.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published a statement of assets
Krystyna Pawłowicz submitted a declaration of assets at the end of her term.
It shows that the MP of the Law and Justice party gathered 110 thousand zlotys of savings.
Let's remind that Pawłowicz announced her departure from politics.
At the end of his term of office, he has PLN 110 thousand
According to the statement made by the MP, she receives a pension of a monthly value of PLN 4.7 thousand.
Pawłowicz owns an apartment worth PLN 570,000 and a slightly smaller one, which he rents, charging PLN 880 a month.
The MP also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at PLN 150,000.
Earlier, the property statement was also published by Jarosław Kaczyński.
Adjournment vote for Conservative Party conference
British MPs have voted against a three-day recess in the House of Commons in time for the Conservative Party's annual policy conference, as requested by the government.
289 deputies voted in favour and 306 against.
It is customary for the House of Commons not to meet during party conferences, so that MPs do not have to resign from attending them or from sittings of parliament.
But opposition parties decided that, at such a crucial time as the final weeks before Britain's scheduled departure from the European Union on October 31, parliament should not interrupt proceedings.
289 MPs voted in favour of the government's request for a recess, with 306 against.
Two opposition parties after the conventions
Failure to agree to a break can be perceived as political revenge of the opposition against Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday the decision was declared illegal and non-existent by the Supreme Court) and for the fact that after the judges' ruling he does not want to apologise for it.
Following the ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday, with the highlight of the day being Johnson's speech and the heated debate that followed.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding early elections.
"It's time to deliver Brexit.
It must be implemented in order to respect the result of the referendum.
Brexit must come so that we can deal with a deal about citizens' priorities, about the health service, about the cost of living.
Brexit must be delivered so that we can unite this country," Johnson said.
The Conservative Party conference is due to start in Manchester next Sunday and run until Wednesday 2 October.
The conferences of the two main opposition groups – Labour and the Liberal Democrats – have already taken place.
One of the justifications Johnson gave in explaining such a long suspension of parliament was precisely party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
"President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders," write foreign media.
The president's spokesman strongly denied the reports.
"This is simply not true," Blazej Spychalski tweeted.
Israeli media, including "Haaretz" and "Jerusalem Post', citing "Jewish Insider', write that during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora in the Polish consulate in New York, Andrzej Duda stated that it was Israel which was to blame for the last anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland was a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to the words of Israeli Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who claimed in February that "Poles sucked up anti-Semitism with their mothers' milk."
Andrzej Duda said he regretted that Israel had not apologized for the humiliating statements of its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression against the Polish ambassador in Israel Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by a gunman who shouted: "Pole, Pole."
"The quote is not only inaccurate.
It's just not true," Blazej Spychalski tweeted.
He stressed that Duda "never said that Israel was responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
According to Spychalski, the portal "invented it."
According to the interviewees of "JI," during the meeting there was also a dispute between a Holocaust survivor, awarded the Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland Edward Mosberg and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg is said to have agreed with President Duda's words and said that it was the Jews of Israel "such as Israel Katz" who were responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to the website's sources, Boteach had interrupted Mosberg's statement.
Who is Banas and what is his fault?
The tenement rented by the pimps led the journalist to discover negligence in Marian Banaś's property statements.
We take stock of another scandal that has rocked the ruling camp.
Journalists of TVN Supervisor revealed that Marian Banaś, the chairman of the Supreme Chamber of Control, had not entered the 400-metre tenement house, which is located in Podgórze in Kraków, into the property statement in recent years.
What is more, his subtenant was to run a sex business in the mentioned tenement house (i.e. rent rooms for hours).
In turn, the building itself has allegedly been collateral for loan repayments since 2016.
The irregularities were pointed out by Bertold Kittel in the program "Supervisor."
The journalist revealed that from Banasia, the tenement house was rented by people with links to the criminal world to be used as a place for "erotic meetings."
The clients were to be men using prostitutes.
Banas responded vaguely and vaguely to the allegations.
Interestingly, the tenement rented by the pimps led the journalist to discover negligence in Banasia's property statements.
The building itself was described vaguely, and the income from its rental was to be underestimated.
"The assets of Marian Banaś and his wife may be worth from 6 to 8 million zlotys.
In total, the couple boast two houses, three apartments, savings[...]," writes Money.pl.
And according to the analysis of the portal, the Banasia tenement itself was already worth about 3 million zlotys.
The Central Anti-Corruption Bureau is currently auditing Marian Banaś's financial statements for the years 2015-2019.
Banaś announced that he would suspend his activity in the Supreme Audit Office until its completion. "I will apply to the Marshal for unpaid leave," he assured.
The opposition demands an explanation.
"We don't hear that CBA has expanded its investigation or expedited its examination of Marian Banas' property statements.
Therefore, we are forced to relieve the organs of the state and submit a notification about the possibility of committing a crime [...]," said PO-KO MP Mariusz Witczak.
"If a normal Pole valued the rental of his properties so grossly low, he would already have 10 inspections, a tax allowance and criminal-treasure proceedings," he added.
He went high, he fell low
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Chamber of Control.
He was appointed to this position on 30 August 2019, for a six-year term.
His candidacy was proposed by the Law and Justice party and approved by the party's politicians.
Earlier, Banaś was associated with the Supreme Audit Office in the years 1992-2005, he worked in this institution as a collaborator of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first government of the Law and Justice party (2005-2008), Banaś held the position of the President of the Customs Service, and also the Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015, he has again sat on the stool of the head of the Customs Service, and since 2017 he has managed the National Revenue Administration.
Banaś served for three months as Minister of Finance in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki.
Cooler Master launches video card holder
Graphics cards can now weigh a lot, and this naturally makes room for a category of products that would have been in vain on store shelves a decade ago.
Such a solution – a holder for the ELV8 RGB graphics card – was presented by Cooler Master.
The new model of the graphics card holder is not only a functional solution for more reliable maintenance of the graphics card without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-express slot.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task – decorative.
"Rzeczpospolita": Ignoring a police officer's order will be punished
According to the newspaper, disregard of a specific behaviour order issued by a police officer is to be a new type of offence, punishable by a fine, arrest or restriction of liberty.
Police unionists want to see such a change.
The idea went to the Sejm Committee on Petitions.
"The case is serious, because already every year over half a million misdemeanor cases are submitted to Polish courts," we read.
The Commonwealth has established that the petition, which the Independent Police Trade Union is writing to MPs to amend the offences code, has a chance of success.
The authors of the petition propose a new wording of Article 54a of the Offences Code.
It would read: "Whoever does not comply with a request or order of a public official, issued within the limits and on the basis of the provisions of the Act, shall be subject to arrest, fine or restriction of liberty."
"Paragraph 3 of this provision provides for an identical penalty for those who, by failing to obey orders, make it impossible or difficult to perform an official activity," the daily says.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told Rzeczpospolita that even though he agrees with the main message of the proposal of the provision, he fears that if implemented, it could be used in political matters of manifestation.
"In situations of freedom demonstrations, this would be unfavourable and instead of mitigating the situation, they would even exacerbate it," he adds.
Statistics provided by the newspaper show that 86% of citizens have a positive view of police interventions in 2018 and that 1.5 million police interventions are carried out in the city every month.
Buras worries about Europe
Jáchym Topol has writing in his blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators and writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important post-war Czech playwrights, today mentioned in a row with Václav Havel.
From the beginning, therefore, there was a curse of talent hanging over Jáchym, which he is trying to use.
After eight years, he returned with "Sensitive Man."
The protagonists are Buras and Soňa with their two sons, who, however, do not form a typical Czech family.
They are wandering actors, travelling around Europe.
He is a lover of Shakespeare and a thief, she a one-eyed translator who does not part with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys did not make a sound since birth, and for the other time stopped in infancy.
But it is not the characters who are most important in this story.
All of them are only a background for observing a world in which there is no place for artistic nomads.
It is a world of a flea-infested province, a society of old, suspicious people and dissolute youth.
"Sensitive Man" in places turns into an absurd theatrics.
The narrative imitates didaskalia, and the characters' conversations create this world.
The stage is a Europe full of fears for its future, but also of constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancels 105 flights due to Thomas Cook bankruptcy
Though British travel agent Thomas Cook has collapsed, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann is functioning.
However, the company has problems.
According to VRT, Brussels Airlines has announced that it will cancel 105 flights in October due to problems related to the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook.
Neckermann also laid off 75 employees.
All trips with an office that have been booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but holidaymakers will be able to get a refund.
The court in Ghent also declared the bankruptcy of three Belgian subsidiaries: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, about 12,000 Belgians are abroad on trips purchased from Thomas Cook.
Another 40,000 people were expected to leave with the office by the end of the year.
As recently as Monday, Thomas Cook Belgium spokeswoman Leen Segers said the company was now "fully operational" despite the British parent company's bankruptcy filing, which caused concern among employees and customers.
The office then reassured that customers who had purchased trips in it would go on holiday.
Thomas Cook – the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies in the world – declared bankruptcy overnight from Sunday to Monday.
The immediate cause of the bankruptcy was the collapse of last-ditch talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
The creditors demanded that, in addition to the £900 million rescue plan already agreed in August, the company secure an additional $200 million as collateral for the winter, when travel agents tend to have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems had been growing for several years, resulting in a debt of £1.6 billion.
Michal Kubiak after the match against Slovenia (1-3).
"I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
We played very poorly.
This tournament is not over for us yet," said the captain of the Polish volleyball team Michał Kubiak after the 3-1 defeat to Slovenia in the semi-finals of the European Championships.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for your review
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion – such an unusual offer has been prepared for newcomers by the German Görlitz.
The measures are intended to help combat the progressive decline in the city's population.
Görlitz is Germany's easternmost city.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140 thousand tourists annually.
But as The Guardian writes, the city is facing significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city also faces a steady decline in population.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them left for the west of the country, resulting in a 25 percent decline in the city's population.
In 2013 it was 54,000 people.
In an effort to combat depopulation, officials came up with the idea of starting to offer free monthly accommodation in the city.
The programme has so far received 150 applications.
Two-thirds of them were submitted by residents of large cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom were also interested in the programme.
"When we applied, we thought that the programme was to convince people to move to Görlitz," said one of the project participants.
"Now we feel it doesn't matter if we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has seven thousand vacant apartments and unemployment is three times higher than the national average.
Although the city authorities hope that some will move permanently, the main aim of the program is to get the opinions of the participants of the program.
The information gathered from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revive smaller German cities.
"We want to know more about what people need and, if they decide to move, what their motivation was," said Robert Knippschild, responsible for the programme.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents by offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals to live and work in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy, or in the American Tulsa, Oklahoma.
