Father Joseph Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He is charismatic.
Crowds gather for his Holy Masses for deliverance and healing.
He was several years old when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, through the Franciscan, others experience it.
Crowds gather for Fr Witko's Mass for deliverance and healing
Once the parents of a 7-month old baby, who had a 7.5 mm hole in his heart, came to him.
It was to be operated on.
Father Józef Witko prayed over him.
Later that day, the boy was taken to the hospital for a procedure.
Astonished doctors ruled: "surgery is not needed, the cavity is only 1.5 mm."
My parents cried with happiness.
After another prayer the Franciscan hole disappeared completely.
The clergyman began to experience the extraordinary actions of the Creator as a teenager.
In his dreams, the souls of purgatory came to him asking for help.
I was woken up at night and urged to pray for the dead and those who were dying at the moment, "he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what happens to a man who commits mortal sin.
"my body started to change.
I lost my human features and started to take on the appearance of an animal, "he says.
An invisible force lifted him up, he couldn't get his voice out of him.
He felt he was lost.
Then God pointed to his rescue.
"immersed in the waters of the river symbolizing holy baptism, I was freed and returned to human form...," he recounts.
He did not tell anyone about these strange experiences.
The vocation matured in him.
He was 16 years old when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons he wanted not only to speak about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience Him alive.
Members of the Charismatic Community of Renewal in the Holy Spirit
The healing Masses celebrated by Father Witko are attended by many people who hope to get rid of the disease.
The priest emphasizes, however, that their main goal is spiritual healing, not physical healing.
First defeat of Kolping FRAC Yaroslavl
This afternoon (September 26) Kolping FRAC team deservedly succumbed to the current Polish Darts Champion Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki in the third round of LOTTO Superliga Table Tennis.
In terms of personnel, they have little chance of winning against the league's sovereigns.
This was clearly demonstrated by the duel with Dartom Bogoria.
Chen Jingqi, the team's leader, is still missing.
Perhaps with him in the lineup, the Yaroslavl would reach for a third consecutive triumph in the new season.
Young Asian Qiyao Han probably has not yet grown up to win against the likes of Greek Panagiotis Gionis and Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most promising Poles, Marek Badowski.
The player from Hellada was the biggest star of the match in the MOSiR hall at Sikorski Street in Jarosław.
Against both Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei, he was a class unto himself.
After three matches Kolping FRAC led 2-1.
Kou Lei probably beat Marek Badowski, and Daniel Górak after a thrilling five-set battle - Pavel Siruck.
But then it got worse.
Gionis gave Lea no chance.
One could still hope to win by two points, but Qiyao Han failed to match Badowski.
There will be no additional testing for seniors.
Why?
According to Rafał Trzaskowski, a program of free preventive examinations for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it has not been accepted by the Ministry of Health and the Agency for the Protection of Medical Technology and Tariffs.
In the explanatory statement, the agency explained that the target group was poorly chosen.
"the above actions may even result in the detection of individual diseases, which may contribute to deepening difficulties in accessing NHF services and negatively affect the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with a false positive test result," it said.
The decision of the ministry is not understood by the president of the capital.
"the money is ours, we have the money for it.
Only the government is afraid that if people get tested, they will go to the doctor later, which is absurd, because the aim is to bring about a situation in which prevention can be done faster.
All specialists know that it helps when it comes to the burden on the health system, because it helps in the rapid detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand, "said Rafał Trzaskowski.
"it is hard for me to imagine that experts say: let's not examine ourselves, because there will be longer queues at the doctor, and if such specialists advise the government, I am not surprised that the health service is in such a state," added the Civic Platform politician.
Palestine responds to Israel: we will break all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told the United Nations General Assembly on Thursday that he would break all agreements made with Israel if the country's future government tries to fulfill Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement to annex occupied Palestinian lands.
"if the future Israeli government begins to implement this plan, we will nullify all the agreements signed (with Israel) and withdraw from all the commitments made," he said.
"we will completely and utterly reject the whole plan," Abbas threatened with pressure.
"it is our duty to defend all our rights by all possible means - no matter what the consequences will be - fully committed to the application of international law and the fight against terrorism," declared the President of the Palestinian Authority, who had already made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, Israel's current prime minister, was again tasked with forming a government after the September 17 election.
A week before the election, he announced his intention to annex the Jordan Valley and incorporate all Jewish settlements throughout the West Bank into Israel if he won.
In the early 1990s, Israel and the Palestinians, then led by Yasser Arafat, signed a series of peace agreements under the auspices of the United States.
Abbas also promised to hold general elections in the Palestinian territories during the session of the UN General Assembly.
The last one took place in 2006.
"when I return home, I will call for local elections in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem, and all those who would oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community," declared the Palestinian president.
In his speech, Abbas also defended the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the United Nations, to exercise the rights of "full members of the UN and all its bodies and institutions."
The Palestinian leader concluded his speech by calling on the international community to "force Israel to comply with the provisions of the United Nations with all due respect."
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas' speech, stating that the Palestinian leader "prefers to focus at the UN on the Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel rather than fighting against calls for terrorism in the Authority under his leadership."
Danon, however, did not refer to Netanyahu's announced annexation of occupied Palestinian land, according to the agencies.
Rescuers want defibrillators at critical points in Przemyśl
History from the border crossing shows that an automatic defibrillator AED can save human lives.
The Voivodeship Ambulance Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be placed in the most vulnerable points of the city.
For their actions, the officers received congratulatory diplomas from the Voivodeship Ambulance Station in Przemyśl.
Trainee Daniel Cyrnek, senior trainee Grzegorz Bal and Commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Podkarpackie Tax Office in Przemyśl.
On August 28, they were on duty at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medyka. a Customs and Revenue Service officer noticed a man lying unconscious in the pedestrian zone.
A Chinese activist has died in detention as a result of torture.
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the constitution
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, called the Communist Party secretary from her home village on September 23 to report that her husband had just died in a military hospital in Hengyang.
What was the cause of death - he did not reveal.
In the morgue, Cao saw her husband's body butchered, unrecognizable.
"his eyes, ears, nose and mouth were all in blood," the woman recounts.
"they wouldn't let me take my cell with me, and there were a lot of police around who didn't get close to Wang."
The police pressured her to sign a statement saying that her husband was seriously ill and had died as a result of an "unfortunate accident."
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million of funding will go to companies in the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
The National Center for Research and Development announced on Friday the results of the third edition of the GameINN program.
Among the nearly 30 projects that supported the NCBR were, among others, the development of a platform for creating field games based on an AR game engine that creates a map of the real world with an application enabling the transfer of data by users; a test and training platform for verification of practical skills at work and professional improvement with the use of VR and AI technologies.
The aim of the GameINN sector program is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish video game industry on the global market by 2023.
According to the National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR), the Polish video games sector is already growing at an annual rate of 10%.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 amounted to PLN 1.85 billion, while the forecast for 2019 is PLN 2.23 billion.
"GameINN's specially prepared research agenda and PLN 300 million of support for entrepreneurs in this sector programme are an important impetus for further dynamic growth of Polish gamedevu," reads the release.
The video games industry is an excellent example of effective use of the potential we have in Poland.
"incentives introduced by the government for entrepreneurs focusing on innovation, such as R and D incentives, competence improvement programs, IP box or support programs implemented by the National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR) drive innovative activities of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a very competitive market," said Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education Jarosław Gowin.
The head of the Ministry of Science points out that the money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of co-financing projects, but also stays in their pockets - three quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from the R and D tax relief in 2018 than the year before.
"the amount of deducted costs related to R and D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in over PLN 300 million of savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is equivalent to the support provided by the National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR) in three editions of GameINN, "underlines the Deputy Prime Minister.
Wojciech Kamieniecki, the director of the National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR), recalls that 78 innovative projects were awarded in two previous competitions with a total value of over PLN 211.2 million.
The huge interest in the 3rd competition and the diversity of applications show that the video game industry has the ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
"it is particularly pleasing that among the selected projects, as in previous editions, there are projects concerning solutions not only for entertainment, but also related to Industry 4.0," he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding of up to PLN 20 million.
The National Centre for Research and Development received 87 applications for a total amount of approx. PLN 317 million.
The budget of the competition at the time of the announcement was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects received almost PLN 105 million in funding.
Detailed information about the results of the 3rd GameINN competition is available at ncbr.gov.pl.
The GameINN sector programme is implemented under the Smart Growth Operational Programme.
NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to the initiative of entrepreneurs associated in the Polish Games Alliance, which includes companies such as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga pleaded guilty to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident occurred on September 16.
Dolberg, who arrived in Nice from Ajax at the end of August, realised after training that his watch had disappeared from the dressing room.
Not just any, because it is worth EUR 70 000.
An angry Dane failed to show up for class the next day, citing stomach problems.
The case was puzzling from the beginning.
Players in the dressing room have private safes at their disposal and the club's grounds are monitored.
According to the AFP news agency, Diaby-Fadiga eventually confessed to the theft.
The 18-year-old has already apologised to Dolberg and the rest of his teammates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised to reimburse the Dane for the watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most promising young players in France.
He moved to Nice at the age of 13 and made his first-team debut three years later.
He appeared in seven games this season.
He recently signed a professional contract, but according to L'Equipe newspaper, the club is likely to terminate it with immediate effect.
For now, he has opened disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, refuses to comment on the matter.
Make sure you wash your hands well
We all know that you need to wash them (e.g. after coming home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it the right way.
This is important especially now, when autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
And yet most of us wash them shorter!
All you need is warm water and regular soap - it's not true that it must be antibacterial (many doctors even advise against it).
When washing, rub not only the soles and tops of the hands, but also: the tips of the fingers (joined or individually) - rub them with circular movements on the inside of the other hand, the spaces between the fingers (intertwine your hands, rubbing your fingers against each other), thumbs - each thumb covers the other hand and in such an embrace we spin it a moment to the right and left.
In an emergency situation (when you can't wash your hands), you should wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief, and then use an antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from 5 PLN).
After using a public toilet, do not touch door handles or doors with washed hands (recommendation of the Chief Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them through a paper towel.
Iran's president says he rejected offer of talks with US, Donald Trump denies
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Friday that Tehran had not entered into talks with the United States during the UN General Assembly in New York, despite an offer by the United States to lift sanctions.
Us President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side that asked for the lifting of the restrictions, which he did not agree to.
According to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, the Americans offered to lift all sanctions imposed on Tehran in exchange for negotiations on a new international agreement.
It would regulate both Iran's nuclear program and its ballistic missile program.
Rouhani: Iran will not engage in talks in atmosphere of maximum pressure
The Iranian president stated that he had not agreed to engage in these talks because of the "toxic atmosphere."
He said he had met with American diplomats because he had succumbed to the urging of France, Germany and the United Kingdom.
However, he stressed that Iran would not engage in talks in an atmosphere of "maximum pressure."
"and even if we want to negotiate with the Americans in the 5 + 1 format, no one can predict what the end result will be," Rouhani said.
A day earlier, the Iranian leader said he would not rule out talks with the US, and accused the European parties to the nuclear deal of favoring US sanctions on Iran.
He added that sanctions imposed on Iran after the US withdrawal from the nuclear deal "are a precondition that does not allow for dialogue."
If we can lift this precondition and if America lifts sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America, "he declared.
He added that he did not rule out a meeting with US President Donald Trump, even though he had not agreed to such a conversation in the past week during the UN General Assembly.
Trump: "Iran asked, I said no"
Donald Trump tweeted that he was the one who turned down the request from the Iranian side.
"Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them so that we could meet.
Of course I said 'no!' "the US president tweeted.
Tension with the nuclear deal in the background
France, Germany and Britain are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran to somehow salvage the 2015 deal with Iran, to which they were signatories.
It stipulated that in return for the lifting of economic sanctions, Iran would give up its nuclear weapons programme and the nuclear sector would come under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the US withdrew from the agreement in May 2015, the remaining signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in place.
For now, nothing has come of it.
Washington is using the tactic of exerting maximum pressure on Iran, and the sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran has said it will reduce its commitments under the deal every 60 days if it is not allowed to export the material.
Hrubieszów: cabaret under Wyrwigrosz
We have tickets for you!
The cabaret will take place on 6 October at 16: 00 at the Hrubieszów House of Culture in Hrubieszów.
The cabaret at Wyrwigrosz will present a program entitled "Tra ta ta ta."
There will be talks about pop-up drinks and Toruń geothermal energy.
Tickets are $60, you can buy them in HDK, as well as on the website biletowakasa.pl.
For TZ readers we have free tickets.
Find out how to get them on our Facebook page.
The judge of the Provincial Administrative Court in Warsaw and the husband of Emilia, who - according to her words and screenshots from WhatsApp - participated in the stalking of the judges, was reinstated on Wednesday by the Supreme Administrative Court.
The reason: no disciplinary proceedings have been initiated against him, so there is no basis for upholding the order of WSA President Wojciech Mazur to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a spokesman for the Supreme Administrative Court, opened an investigation into Szmydt at the end of August, but so far it has not turned into a case against him.
Although the NSA, which acts as a disciplinary court in such cases, must deal with the decision of the WSA president within a month of its issuance.
In this situation, the judge, who spoke publicly about his wife's mental problems in order to discredit her, who because of suspected involvement in the group was removed from the office of the National Court Register, will return to court and issue verdicts on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his involvement in the heist group.
He claims there is no evidence of this except for doctored screenshots and the words of his wife, whom he is divorcing.
The other "caste" judges say exactly the same thing: they are all innocent, there is no evidence.
And it is quite possible that they will bet on their own.
Because the prosecution did not shake a finger to secure evidence from their electronic media, it is also silent about the contents of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which she stopped in June in another case.
The police did not shake a finger in order to secure the devices of people whom the judge Waldemar Żurek pointed out in a report from February.
There is no evidence - there is no Shmydt case, there is no "caste" case.
There is also no case of the head of the Supreme Chamber of Control Marian Banas about renting a tenement house to suteners and hiding income.
CBA checks his property statements.
And he will check when he checks.
And the Commission of Parliamentary Ethics will not deal with Banas because the Seym is suspended (but the Commission of State Control somehow got together to make a bizarre decision about dismissing the deputies of Banas and appointing as acting his lawyer, although the law does not provide for such a strange combination).
The whole thing reminds me of an American novella about how a wife comes home and finds her husband in bed with his mistress.
She is so astonished and devastated that she cannot utter a word.
She is standing in the doorway speechless, and during this time the mistress quickly jumps out of bed, gets dressed and leaves.
And the husband bedding the bed.
When the wife regains her voice and shouts: what is it supposed to be?
Who is this woman?
The husband calmly asks: what kind of woman, darling?
But in the case of "caste" or Banas, it is a parody of the state.
And it's not funny at all.
Maxipizza: signing an agreement with the auditor to audit the financial statements for the years 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S.A. announces that on 27 September 2019 it signed an agreement with Premium Audyt Spółka z o.o. with its registered office in Poznań at 1 / 1 Czartoria Street, entered under KRS no.
The subject of the agreement is to audit the financial statements of Maxipizza S.A. for the following financial years: A. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b.
Kamila Lićwinko in the high jump final
Earlier this season, returning to competition after a maternity break, the bronze medalist at the 2017 World Championships in London, beat 1.85 and 1.89 in the first attempt and 1.92 in the second.
He had a 1.94 ERA in his previous three starts.
"I'm glad.
I showed that I can fight, because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I will have to jump better technically, "Lićwinko admitted to Eurosport's camera.
The American Vashti Cunningham and the Belarusian Karyna Demidik were the best in the heats, with 1.94 each.
Both players were the only ones who did not drop any height.
The women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
Kick-off is at 7.30pm BST.
Kornel Morawiecki remains in hospital in a serious condition
He was taken to hospital and doctors described his condition as serious.
It must be added that he is conscious and conscious.
"we believe that he will come out of this, that he will win again.
"we all pray that he will recover," an unnamed person close to Morawiecki told Polish newspaper Super Express.
In the upcoming election, the Prime Minister's father is running for the Senate.
"my closest family and politics are keeping me alive," Kornel Morawiecki said in an interview with the Polish newspaper Super Express two weeks ago.
In January, the Polish newspaper Super Express reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki was admitted to the Military Hospital in Wroclaw for tests.
"I developed strange, worrying symptoms and went to the hospital.
It came out that I had jaundice.
But the worst was ahead of me.
When the CT scan was done, it was found that I had pancreatic cancer..., "said the Prime Minister's father.
A few days later, in the hospital of the Ministry of Interior in Warsaw, Kornel Morawiecki underwent a serious operation.
According to Morawiecki, President Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain, priest Zbigniew Kras, to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and was successful.
"I know that many people have prayed for me, for which I thank you very much.
Fortunately, I do not have metastases.
I don't know yet if I will go through chemotherapy.
I put myself in the hands of specialist doctors, who are rather well-meaning.
For now, after this hard surgery, I have to return to some state of usability.
I hope that everything will be fine, "Kornel Morawiecki said in an interview with" SE "in January.
"if I had been tested too late, then the situation would have been dire and I would have already said goodbye to this paddock...," he added.
Krakow: a 14-year-old has gone missing
Officers from the City Police Headquarters in Krakow are searching for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact us.
She was reported missing on the evening of 26 September and has not yet returned or made contact with her loved ones.
She was last seen at Stary Gościniec Street in Kraków.
Nel Stokłosa is 14 years old, 167 cm tall, with blonde hair and grey-blue eyes.
When she was last seen she was wearing a hoodie, grey trousers and shoes.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to call police at 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The power of Oława jumps.
The title of the coverage of the amateur sports competition, held on the afternoon of Sunday, September 15 at the Hippodrome on Oleandry Street in Oława, may be confusing for some.
The road to true power is a long way away, but this is the name used to describe one of the types of horse competition...
The power of jumping competition involves the rider and the horse overcoming higher and higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed even two meters.
It is worth mentioning that the world record set in 1949 by the Chilean Albert Larraguibel on the horse "Huaso" is 247 cm.
Nobody jumped so high in Oława, of course, but the result of the best local amazons at 135 cm is not the worst either...
The competition, organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other activists of the JKS "In the Saddle," was a demonstration part of the "Rainbow Equestrian Competition," which we write about in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight Amazons entered the competition, training equestrian in the Oława JKS.
Four competed on ponies and four on big horses.
The best in the first group was Nikola Szołdra, riding the crazy "Sprinter."
This small but dynamic rump started by overcoming obstacles spread at a height of 40 cm, and ended only at the station with the top beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not give up easily and it was only after three consecutive refusals that he was removed from the competition by the jury.
The second place was taken by Amelia Pawlak, riding "Famy," and the third by Lena Boruń on "Harmider."
Ambitious was the youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, galloping and jumping over obstacles on the small mare "Carmen."
Even greater emotions accompanied the competing Amazons and spectators during the competition with the participation of large horses.
Dangerous looking falls included Paulina Szewczyk, riding on the "Declaration" and Anastasia Abramenko, who rode on the "Lotka."
Fortunately, apart from minor bruises, nothing bad happened to the Amazons or the horses, so they continued to participate in the competition.
A lot of problems with introducing the young mare "Wineta" to the parkour had Weronika Łuczkiewicz riding her.
What was needed was either an assistant trainer or another horse to pair, followed by a little crazy "Wineta."
"everything is under control!," Jan Sienkiewicz reassured the frightened spectators, especially the youngest ones.
From the beginning of the competition Marta Masalska, riding the beautifully presented "Whisky," did a great job on the parkour.
This dignified mare, together with the experienced Amazon, jumped 135 cm at the second attempt in the final stage and it was the best result of the competition at that moment.
After a while, however, the same height also included Paulina Szewczyk on "Declaration," Veronika Łuczkiewicz on "Wineta" and Anastasia Abramenko on "Lotka."
So all these riders left together to decorate Flo and receive prizes in the form of equestrian equipment, and at the end together with Amazons on ponies made an impressive round of honor, ending with this interesting and exciting competition.
Thank you
Equestrian Sports Club "In the Saddle" would like to thank the sponsors of the jumping power competition during the 16th "Rainbow Equestrian Competition": the Municipal Office in Oława, the Department of Water Supply and Sewerage in Oława, the District Office and the company "Mustang."
Max Kolonko disassociates himself from KWW Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution
KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko is the name of the electoral committee under which the political formation # R Revolution of Mariusz Max Kolonko was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution aimed its proposal especially at young voters with right-wing views.
KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko did not even manage to collect enough signatures to issue lists in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko has announced on Twitter that he has ended his partnership with KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko.
"I will expect the abovementioned KWW to remove my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to connect my person with the above-mentioned entity, "he added and announced that he would provide more information soon.
For now, it is not known whether the journalist will continue his work, or if this is the end of the # R Revolution formation.
On July 4, American Independence Day, Mariusz Max Kolonko, a journalist in the United States, announced the formation of a new political formation - # R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko has become famous for hosting the Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
"we are fed up with politicians, fed up with your stupid games, fed up with your amateur governments.
It is time for the authorities in the state to take over the Nation and govern for the good of the Nation, "Kolonko said at the time.
The party's agenda included issues such as the judiciary (it should be elected in general elections), tax changes (equalising the tax-free amount for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid to countries on NATO's eastern flank, with particular emphasis on Poland), holding a referendum on gun ownership, limiting the number of MPs or introducing single-member constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of the new political formation, Mariusz Max Kolonko began talks with Marek Jakubiak.
At the end of July, Kolonko posted a message on his social media profile suggesting that # R would join forces with the Kukiz '15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions ultimately came to fruition.
UBS: gold close to equilibrium point
"the euro will remain at around PLN 4.35 in the coming months, accompanied by weak global markets," says Michael Bolliger from UBS Wealth Management.
"expectations of maintaining a solid pace of economic growth and a stable monetary policy support the stabilization of the zloty at the current level," the expert said in an interview with Bankier.pl.
In his opinion, despite the clear inflationary pressure, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to raise rates in an environment in which the vast majority of central banks are easing policy.
"while the zloty is properly valued - the euro should remain around the level of PLN 4.35 in the coming months - according to him, Polish bonds are unattractive.
Emerging market bonds offer much more favorable yields than Polish securities, "said Michael Bolliger, head of emerging market asset allocation at UBS Wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the global downturn.
"the global slowdown may deepen, but it should not lead to a severe recession, or at most to GDP growth falling slightly below zero," says Michael Bolliger.
"investors should underweight global equities, which may be hurt by the lack of prospects for resolving the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risks, including the impeachment of Donald Trump and Brexit.
Among equity markets, Europe should behave relatively poorly, "according to a recent letter to investors by UBS Wealth Management's chief executive Mark Haefele.
"euro zone equities should behave worse than U.S. equities, as they are more vulnerable amid heightened uncertainty around global trade and fears of a slowdown," the document reads.
According to Michael Bolliger, after a rout in bond markets in the safest countries pushed German 10-year yields as low as minus 0.74 percent, it is still possible to deepen the decline in yields.
However, in the long term, the profitability of long-term securities should no longer fall, but only in the short term, due to the easing of banks' monetary policy.
The Fed has the most room for rate cuts, which should lead to a weakening of the US currency over the next few years.
The long-term equilibrium point for euro notes is a ceiling of $1.29, which would represent a 19 percent potential for the common currency to strengthen against the dollar.
We expect further Fed rate cuts, which will result in a narrowing of global monetary policy differences.
"current account and budget deficits may not allow the dollar to remain strong in the long term," announces Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr loses its weapons.
Confidential report of the German Ministry of Defence
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has recorded the disappearance of 39 weapons, 39 gun parts and 19,445 rounds of ammunition, according to a confidential list compiled by the Ministry of Defence.
The news was reported by the media group RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the parliamentary office of the Secretary of State in the Ministry of Defense Peter Tauber (CDU), two weapons, one part of the weapon and 3,474 rounds of ammunition have been recovered so far.
Among the military equipment still missing are six MG3 machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic rifles, six signal pistols and two P8 pistols.
In addition, there is a shortage of 30 barrels for MG3 machine guns.
The deputy leader of the Left party, Martina Renner, expressed concern about the situation.
The number of missing weapons and ammunition is "staggering," she told RND journalists.
All the more so because, as a result of the investigations, only a small part of the lost equipment was found.
Martina Renner summed up the effects of these measures as a "miserable balance sheet."
In December 2017, the Federal Prosecutor's Office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a serious act of violence threatening state security and violating the provisions of the law regulating access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing attacks on leading German politicians for far-right and racist motives.
Among them were Justice Minister Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green party and Anetta Kahane, a human rights activist and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung in Berlin.
Franco A. illegally came into possession of four firearms, more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition and more than 50 explosive devices.
Crying children on the plane.
How to avoid them?
There is a solution
Japan Airlines has recently introduced a feature designed for people who find it a nightmare to travel with a crying baby.
Through the website, the airline allows you to check the schedule of seats on the plane.
If a connection is used by a minor under the age of two, the "child icon" appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place away from the one occupied by the toddler.
The BBC reports that the airline has already reported on the inadequacy of this solution.
The "child icon" will not appear when the ticket was booked by a third party or if there was a last-minute change of aircraft.
As you might expect, the idea has divided internet users.
Some Twitter users point out that the problem of travelling with crying children can be solved with noise-cancelling headphones.
These are children, we used to be them, too.
"we need to learn tolerance because we will soon start needing a map of seats for mouth breathers, drooling or drunks," wrote user G Sundar.
Another internet user noted that he was once disturbed by crying children on a plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent himself.
There is also a lack of support for the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"thank you for warning me of screaming children during the 13-hour journey," wrote Rahat Ahmed.
Majorca counts losses after travel firm Thomas Cook goes bust
More than 25,000 foreign tourists will not travel to Majorca in October as a result of the bankruptcy of tour operator Thomas Cook announced on Monday.
Marc Pons, a representative of the autonomous government of the Balearic Islands, said on Friday that among the 25,000 holidaymakers who would not be able to take a holiday in Majorca in October, there were also people who were due to travel with companies indirectly linked to Thomas Cook, such as Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80% of the expected holidaymakers who had to cancel their holiday in Majorca next month due to the collapse of the British company were German and Scandinavian nationals.
However, Pons says that due to the fact that Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the Balearic island between November and April, the losses to the local economy will be smaller.
He revealed that the government of the Balearic Islands had already begun negotiations with international operators about "entering the Majorca market" after the British operator went bankrupt.
According to estimates by the newspaper Diario de Mallorca, more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs due to the tourism crisis in Mallorca in October.
Around 800 are redundant staff at the Thomas Cook office in Palma.
Other people will lose their jobs mainly in the hospitality sector.
On Monday, along with the bankruptcy of the company Thomas Cook in many hotels in Majorca, the owners of the properties demanded that guests pay an additional fee for accommodation.
This situation was experienced by, among others, several dozen tourists from Poland.
The Balearic Islands government estimates that dozens of hotels in Majorca have been put on hold until at least the end of October following the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook and its subsidiaries.
On Friday, the newspaper Diario de Ibiza reported that most of the hotels operating in Ibiza, which have been working with the Thomas Cook group, had no intention of closing in the coming weeks.
The newspaper recalls that on this Balearic island the British bankrupt cooperated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the autonomous government of the Balearic Islands announced it would ask the Spanish government to support the region with €100 million to cover losses caused by the bankruptcy of travel company Thomas Cook.
They revealed that the most affected tourists in the archipelago, about 36,000 people, are in Majorca.
According to the Balearic government, Thomas Cook owes local travel companies, mainly hotel operators, around €5 million for the July-September 2019 period.
FIFA Women's World Rankings.
Poland still in 29th place, USA in the lead
The Polish women's national team is ranked 29th in the ranking published by the International Football Federation (FIFA) on Friday.
In the same position, the team of coach Miłosz Stępiński was classified in the previous, July ranking.
Poor team play.
How will it be in October?
The leaders remained the American women, who recently defended their world title.
The second place in the ranking was held by the Germans, and the third by the Dutch.
Polish women are preparing for ME qualification.
They were scheduled to begin their campaign with an away match against the Czech Republic on 3 September.
The day before the meeting, it was postponed by a year due to food poisoning.
In this situation, the Poles will inaugurate the qualification with a meeting with the Spaniards on 12 November in Lublin.
Before that, they will play two friendlies - against Cyprus on 3 October and Brazil in Kielce five days later.
Poland's rivals in the group are Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The group winners and the three best runners-up will advance directly to the final tournament.
The other six second-placed teams will play in the play-offs for the last three passes to the European Championship.
The 16 participants will be supplemented by the host country - England.
In September, the Polish men's national team dropped from 20th to 22nd place in the FIFA rankings.
"RZ": smog has overwhelmed the government
"the effects of the" Clean Air "program are negligible, and coal furnaces will kick in this winter as if nothing ever happened," reads the front page of today's Rzeczpospolita daily.
"to date, 82,000 applications for funding worth a total of PLN 2 billion have been submitted under the Clean Air Programme, 48,000 of which were positive.
The approved applications amount to over PLN 915 million in total, "RZ reports, citing data from the spokesman of the Minister of Environment.
As the newspaper points out, only part of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the program.
The results of the program are described as "modest."
Local government officials, quoted by 'RZ', see the failure of 'Clean Air', among the others, in too much bureaucracy.
"the program should be much simpler: electronic submission, sending invoices by post, possible random execution control.
This would improve operations, "according to the mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński, Jacek Wiśniowski.
Activists from the Polish Emergency Alert note that in the first year of the operation, less than 1% of the target for replacing 3 million digging boilers was achieved.
According to "RZ," although the budget of the program is 103 billion zlotys for 10 years, or 10 billion zlotys per year, this amount is virtual.
"a total of PLN 1.4 billion has been set aside in the budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management for this year," it reads.
Congress agrees on F-35 for Poland
Błaszczak: now the price negotiations
The US Congress has approved the sale of 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft to Poland.
"this is one of the last steps before concluding the contract, but it is not the end of our work," Mariusz Błaszczak wrote on Twitter.
"we will negotiate hard to achieve the best possible price," added the Polish minister.
F-35 contract for Poland
The Polish Air Force will supply 32 F-35 Lightning II fighter jets produced by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the US State Department approved the sale to Poland.
The Communication underlines that the investment will support the national security and foreign policy of the United States by improving the security of its NATO ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
Poland is expected to pay $6.5 billion for the fighter jets, according to the State Department.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department noted that the contract will also include the delivery of spare and repair parts, training equipment, engineering, logistics and staffing services, and related elements of logistics and program support and personnel training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighter jets
The F-35 Lightning II is a fifth-generation, single-seat, single-engine multirole fighter produced by Lockheed Martin.
The aircraft is capable of close support missions, bombing and typically fighter air combat missions.
Thanks to the use of stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable to short-range radars.
Belgium recently bought F-35 fighter jets in a deal worth $4.55 billion.
The Belgians want to replace the aging F-16s with them.
Other US allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, are also considering buying US warplanes.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
The manufacturer of Barbie has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls.
He wants to fight stereotypes in this way.
Barbie manufacturer has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls
In addition to Barbie with different skin color, figure or hairstyle, Mattel has introduced gender-neutral dolls.
Toys from the "Creatable World" series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie has to have short hair or long hair.
Their wardrobe consists of both trousers and dresses.
In the blink of an eye, dolls can become boys from girls, and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
Gender dolls no longer have full lips, long eyelashes and a slim waist, or - in Ken's case - broad shoulders.
Some parents and feminists believe that gender-specific toys inhibit girls' ambitions and reinforce traditional stereotypes.
"the new dolls will allow all children to feel free," Mattel announces.
The Barbie doll, which was launched in 1959 wearing a swimsuit and high-heeled shoes, has been repeatedly criticized in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes," such as unnatural body proportions, for example.
The company has responded to the criticism and has already launched dolls with different skin colors, as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls in hijab.
Zandberg: circle or club Together can have more than a dozen members
"it depends on the outcome of the committee," Zandberg said when asked on ZET radio how many of his party's candidates could get to the Sejm from lists of left-wing groups.
"I believe that the result of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people have hope that the Left is not only right, but also has strength," he said.
According to Zandberg, it follows that the left can have 60-80 MPs.
"this may mean that the circle or club Together will have a dozen MPs.
But it depends on Poles and Poles.
I'm not going to guess and say how it's going to happen, "he said.
Asked if the Left Together would have a separate circle, Zandberg said: "we are agreed that we are diverse, and we are not going to pretend that there is no diversity.
I think that Poles rewarded this diversity because we showed that by being different, we were able to agree on a common program. "
Asked if the biggest beneficiary of the joint start is the leader of the Democratic Left Alliance, Włodzimierz Czarzasty, Zandberg said that in his opinion the biggest beneficiaries are centre-left and left-wing voters.
"the goal of a political party is to represent its voters," he said.
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the elections to the Sejm.
In the case of elections to the Senate, he indicated that he was considering it.
"the offer is diverse and there are candidates to whom my heart is closer, but there are also those to whom my heart is further away," he stated.
"let me be very honest and clear, however, that if I were in Senate District 44, I would take my election certificate and vote in another district," the politician stressed.
"I don't think I would be tempted to vote for Minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO - PAP candidate)," he added.
In this district, apart from Ujazdowski, the leader of the Citizens of Poland Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from the Law and Justice party are running.
Dakar: West Africa's largest mosque opens
Tens of thousands of people from across Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday for the inauguration of a huge mosque believed to be the largest in West Africa.
Muslims arrived in buses, cars and on foot to the Bopp district, where a new mosque was erected, which could accommodate 30,000 worshippers.
It was built by the Mouride Brotherhood, a branch of Sufi Islam that dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago in a wetland area of six hectares, donated by the government.
The name of the mosque Massalikul Jinan ("Paths to Paradise") comes from the title of a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the 19th-century founder of the fraternity, revered by followers as a saint.
The mosque is clad in Carrara marble and has five minarets.
The highest of them is 78 meters.
The mosque can accommodate 15,000 worshippers, and the other number can stay on the outer esplanade.
In the richly finished interiors you can admire the gilded dome, giant chandeliers and decorations handmade by workers from Morocco.
Builders say the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the edifice does not compare to mosques in other regions anyway.
In Morocco, the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca can hold 105,000 worshippers.
The construction of the mosque, which cost more than €30 million, was financed by private donations.
In addition to the land, the government has provided lighting, sanitation and road works worth €10.5 million.
Coach Smyła: our problem is not Silesia, but ourselves
A streak of eight league games without a win will try to break in Friday's meeting with second-placed Silesia.
"our problem is not Wroclaw, but ourselves, we have to work on what we play," said coach Mirosław Smyła.
The last and so far only victory in the league was recorded in the first round, when they won 1-0 away from home against Raków Częstochowa.
Later, they recorded two draws and six defeats, and on Tuesday they lost 1-0 to Zagłębie Lubin in the round of 32 of the Polish Cup.
"it makes me optimistic that in the last seconds of the cup game the players were fighting for a goal, they wanted to draw.
Their fall to the turf after the final whistle was not due to a breakdown, it was just a fall of anger because they were so close, "said Smyła.
As he pointed out, Silesia has very strong wings, which is why he will sensitize the team to play in the side sectors of the pitch.
"we are aware of the quality of the opponent, but we also look at what we want to play," added the coach.
In Friday's match in Korona, Ognjen Gnjatic, sidelined for the excess of yellow cards, will also miss the injured Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski.
On the other hand, it is heartening to report in a cup match several players with the desire to play.
"we have a headache, not long ago it seemed to be gone, and now it is," stated Smyła.
Defender Daniel Dziwniel stressed that Silesia will not be an easy opponent to break the streak of eight consecutive league games without a win, while in the Ekstraklasa anyone can win against anyone.
"we are a good team.
"in the last few weeks, maybe we don't show it on the pitch, but the moment will come when we will win and we believe it will be on Friday," he said.
After nine rounds of the Ekstraklasa, the Crown is in 15th position with five points.
Silesia has amassed 12 more and is in second place.
Friday's game in Kielce will start at 8: 30 p.m.
These trees could disappear completely from Europe
"42% of European tree species are threatened," warns the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).
At the top of the list are, among others, chestnuts and rowan.
The IUCN, an organisation based in Gland, Switzerland, is publishing a list of endangered species of European trees for the first time.
Of the 454 tree species found in Europe (and elsewhere in the world), 42% are "at high risk," according to the study.
The reasons for this include the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, the trees and shrubs that are most at risk are those that occur only or mainly on our continent.
According to the IUCN, 58% of species are threatened and 15%, i.e. 66 species of trees and shrubs, are threatened with extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red List lists errors in logging, accelerated urbanisation, excessive logging, forest fires and changes in the European ecosystem.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also under serious threat.
"the consequences of human activities lead to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a danger of extinction in Europe for important and underappreciated varieties that underpin European ecosystems and affect the health of our planet," concluded the report by Luc Bas, who heads the IUCN's European office.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I will not promise you 600 +
"today the Law and Justice party wants to bribe Poles by offering them a loan for their freedom, which future generations will have to pay back," says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview with Rzeczpospolita.
In his opinion, "the whole policy of the Law and Justice party is a pic."
At the same time, the politician promises that "whatever is given will not be taken away."
Schetyna said in an interview with Jacek Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat Law and Justice.
It is about mobilising the electorate at the ballot box.
In his opinion, the opposition has more potential in this respect than Kaczynski's party.
"today, there are more conscious people who want to live in a normal state than supporters of PiS, a party that has embezzled from proclaimed values such as modesty, humility, transparency," Schetyna says.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic Platform also emphasized the basic assumptions of the KO electoral program.
"first of all, nothing that is given will be taken away, but we need to set the direction for the future, because the Law and Justice party only deals with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even after dramatically low investments," he said.
Second, it is about "activating the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work diligently - and those who are entrepreneurial."
Schetyna explains that the KO programme includes, among others, a project which will give the lowest earning Poles more than PLN 614 per hand, and the higher earners - also a few hundred.
The politician also indicated that he did not want to race for the handout.
He said he would do as much as he could do, but would not promise 600 +.
"I will never allow the Greek variant, where the rulers bid with the opposition for handouts, until finally there was the financial collapse of the country," he stressed.
Schetyna said in an interview that Jaroslaw Kaczynski and Mateusz Morawiecki were afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"we would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"pride steps before the fall.
Kaczynski is such a statesman as Banaś is crystal, "he added.
The Civic Platform leader also said that he had not yet decided whether he would run for the chairmanship of the Platform.
Argentina: six dead great condor
Six giant condors have been found dead in the Argentine province of Santa Cruz, reports TVN24.
Experts believe that human activity contributed to their deaths.
Great condors are likely to have been poisoned with a means of killing predators such as pumas, foxes or wild dogs.
The animals may have eaten toxic carcasses.
In addition to one juvenile, the rest of the dead condor was an adult.
"this is a big loss for the environment, because the condor needs to reach 10-15 years to become fertile and able to reproduce.
So we are losing a protected species, an endangered species, "says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organisation.
"I think the use of toxic bait and poison puts not only this species in danger, but all other forms of life, including human health," he adds.
"RZ": they want a jewel for the president
Work has begun on giving the Head of State a precious chain.
The idea was supported by the office of Andrzej Duda - we read in 'Rzeczpospolita'.
According to the newspaper, it is the golden chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insignia officially called the jewel of the Republic of Poland in the interwar period.
The last time it was used was probably by President Ignacy Mościcki.
"RZ" reports that such a chain may soon end up on the shoulders of Andrzej Duda.
On Wednesday, the Senate Committee on Human Rights, the Rule of Law and Petitions voted to amend the Orders and Decorations Act to reinstate it.
The newspaper writes that this is also not the first attempt to restore the chain to the head of state.
The Senate had already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it was lost by one vote.
This time, the works are lightning-fast.
At the beginning of August, the senators devoted a few minutes to this matter, considering that they would consult the Office of the President.
This one came in mid-September.
"I kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in this petition," wrote then presidential minister Andrzej Dera.
On Wednesday, the Senate committee continued the case and again devoted little time to the case.
"the Chancellery of the President gave us a short answer: it is in favour of bringing it back," said the head of the commission, Robert Mamątow from the Law and Justice party (PiS).
He put forward a proposal for legislative work, which the committee supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through an intersection
The police action will be carried out, among others, at the intersection of Cieplińskiego Avenue and Piłsudskiego Avenue.
The uniformed actions have something to do with recent complaints from city authorities about drivers not always being able to behave appropriately at the intersection.
On Friday, September 27, police officers begin preventive actions in Rzeszów "passable intersections."
The aim is to eliminate obstacles in traffic: entering the intersection without the possibility of exit, not following traffic signals or road signs.
"we often think that we are alone at an intersection, and in fact we make life difficult for other drivers," said Marek Ustrobiński, deputy mayor of the city, a few days ago.
His words resonated at the City Hall press conference, where the city authorities presented examples of inappropriate movement of cars at intersections, which in effect creates traffic jams.
At the time, the president urged travelers to be sensible on the road and, among other things, to move faster at traffic lights or not write text messages while driving.
The subject was somehow taken over by police officers from Rzeszów, who are starting the action 'passable intersections' from today.
What is it about?
The aim of the measures is to eliminate the phenomenon of congestion at intersections by drivers entering them without being able to continue driving.
This is a common offence, which contributes to traffic congestion and traffic jams.
It is threatened with a fine of PLN 300 and two penalty points.
In addition, the uniform will pay attention to non-compliance with traffic lights or signs and incorrect parking in the area of intersections.
They will also observe the lack of fluidity of driving, late starting from the beacons, slow passing of intersections and leaving too long distances between vehicles.
At which intersections will the action be carried out?
Among others, on Lisa-Kuli Street from Jagiellońska Street; Cieplińskiego Avenue from Piłsudskiego Avenue; Targowa Street from Piłsudskiego Avenue; Śreniawitów Square from Dąbrowskiego Street or Hetmańska Street from Insurgents of Warsaw Avenue.
Such actions in the capital of Podkarpacie will be carried out on subsequent Fridays in October.
They inspected the waste disposal company from "Chaika"
"officials of the Environmental Protection Department of the District and District Inspection of Construction Supervision inspected the installation in Zielonka municipality on Friday, where waste from the" Czajka "sewage treatment plant in Warsaw is disposed of," said Karol Szyszko, a spokesman for the district.
Inspectors from the district of Wołomin carried out an inspection at the plant located in the forests belonging to the municipality of Zielonka.
Private Trade and Transport Department "DAR-TRANS" pursuant to an agreement with the sewage treatment plant "Czajka" provides sewage waste management services.
"an inspection of the installation was carried out, in addition, the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his activities," Szyszko said.
He added that the audit report will be submitted, among others, to the Voivodeship Environmental Protection Inspectorate in Warsaw.
The last inspection was carried out by the Voivodeship Environmental Protection Inspectorate in Warsaw between 29 December 2015 and 11 February 2016.
At that time, it was determined that the company did not take samples, measurements and tests of groundwater, and did not have the results of tests of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the Czajka sewage treatment plant.
After the inspection, Dariusz Sobota was called to stop violating the terms of the decision.
Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies receiving waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the Czajka sewage treatment plant.
According to the decision, up to 60,000 tonnes of waste are treated annually in the forests near Zielonka.
The Warsaw Municipal Water Supply and Sewerage Company said last Thursday that STUOŚ was taken out of service in late November and early December 2018, which was related to damage to one of the incinerator's equipment.
As reported by MPWiK, the monthly cost of their exports is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01 / 01 / 2019 to 31 / 08 / 2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"you have taken on a difficult task, you can count on my total support," said Lech Walesa to Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska on Friday.
"Mr. President, these are very important words for me," replied the Civic Coalition's candidate for prime minister, the leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president stressed that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now "just a retired football fan."
Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met with former president Lech Wałęsa in his office at the European Solidarity Centre in Gdansk on Friday.
Wałęsa's son Jarosław also took part in a short conversation behind closed doors.
"you have undertaken a difficult task," Lech Walesa said after the meeting.
"you can count on my total support," he added.
"the problems before Poland are known to all of us.
That is why we hope that you will deal with these problems as a woman, and all of us - those who love Poland - will support your actions as much as possible, "said the former president.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked for her support.
"Mr. President, for me, these are very important words, because no one like you can talk about freedom, about the Constitution and knows how important it is," she said.
"let's show that you can do different, smart politics, together, but according to the constitution, according to the law, according to respect for others.
You did your revolution, and we want to change Poland, "stressed Kidawa-Błońska.
Retired football fan
Wałęsa said in an interview with journalists that he is now "just a retired football fan."
"of course I'm looking at it.
I hope that we will turn things around, that what was good, proven, (to) come back.
The separation of powers is paramount, the constitution is paramount, the courts are indispensable.
And that's all you need to clean up, that's all you need to get back to normal, and that's what I believe we're going to do this time.
Because if not, the street criterion awaits us, "said Lech Wałęsa.
"that's why it's so important for Poles to go to the elections, reflect and make their own decision.
And that is the most important thing, "Kidawa-Błońska added.
"the last chance that we will improve the state of things in Poland with a piece of paper," the former president replied.
"we need to build a new foundation"
Asked about the most important changes that should take place in Poland, Ms Kidawa-Błońska said: "the president said very well.
We need to build a new foundation on which we can do all the other things.
If there is no separation of powers, if the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and let everyone know that otherwise Poland will not move forward. '
Volleyball: Slovenia - Poland 3: 1 in the semifinals.
On hot ground in Ljubljana, Polish volleyball players clashed with Slovenians in the semi-finals of the European Championship.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussion with the referees, with Polish coach Vital Heynen in the lead role.
"White and Red" lost 1: 3 and will play for the bronze medal.
Senate to decide on key bills
Without amendments, the Senate passed a bill on the disclosure of the assets of the families of the most important government officials and on the flights of the most important people in the state.
A total of 52 senators voted in favour of the amendment, 14 against and three abstentions.
Thus, the senators decided to reject 12 amendments submitted during Wednesday's debate by the Civic Platform senator Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were intended to "civilize" and limit the scope of information provided in the statement about the financial situation of children of their own, children of the spouse, children adopted in cases where children remain in a common household with a person obliged to make a statement.
The law on the disclosure of the assets of the families of the most important government officials, which was drafted in the prime minister's office, was passed by the Sejm on 11 September.
The rules stipulate that the prime minister, ministers, MPs, senators, presidents of the Constitutional Tribunal, the Supreme Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as the heads of other state institutions, will be required to include in the property declaration information about the personal assets of spouses, children and people living together.
The Senate also did not propose amendments to the bill on the flights of the most important people in the state.
It regulates what flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government aircraft along with the most important people in the state.
The law also specifies who is responsible for maintaining the Central Flight Register.
Fifty-five senators voted in favor of the bill, with 12 against and four abstentions.
According to the law, each flight of the president will be a flight "performed on an official mission."
The President will be accompanied on the flights by family members and other persons invited by the President.
However, the flight in the official mission of the Prime Minister and the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate will only be "conducted in order to carry out tasks directly related to the function."
The law also clarifies the list of people who can accompany the most important people in the country during the flight.
According to the regulations, members of the delegation may be on board - invited deputies, senators, representatives of public authorities and experts; people providing technical, medical or organizational support; as well as journalists.
According to the bill, in case of any doubts related to the flights of the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate, the head of the National Security Council will apply for clarification.
If such doubts are not clarified within the specified time, the head of the National Security Council will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or the Senate about the inability to organise such a flight.
A new proxy from sport
Waldemar Paluch appointed his plenipotentiary for physical culture, sport and tourism.
Artur Świątek, the longtime president of the University Club AZS PWSTE Jarosław, has been the director of the Office of the Rector of the Jagiellonian University for the last four years.
Photo Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek has recently been heavily involved in the reactivation of basketball in Jarosław.
Artur Świątek is not an anonymous figure in the Jarosław sports community.
A graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska, he has been an instructor at the State Higher School of Technology and Economics in Jarosław since 2002.
Poles after the first training session in Paris, waiting for the last rival
Polish volleyball players held their first training session in Paris on Friday, where they will compete in the bronze medal match on Saturday.
Vital Heynen's charges closed the way to the title with a 3-1 defeat to the Slovenians in Ljubljana on Thursday.
There was a lot of talk about their troubles with the journey to this duel.
This time there were no such problems - on Friday morning they went with the Slovenians by charter to Paris, and a few hours later they had a training session in the famous Bercy hall.
According to people present at the classes, the trainer of the world champions was nervous.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not just to practice volleyball elements.
"we went to the hall, but the vast majority of the time it was time for the team.
It was about spending more time together than training.
Talk, think about how to rebuild it all as a team, "he reported.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the coaching staff.
"we were brutally brought down to earth.
Without a second thought, we are disappointed.
We still believed that we would come back to this match.
We discussed this match among ourselves in the staff, the coach talked a lot with the players.
I would point to inefficiency in attack and much worse than usual handling of situational balls as the two main reasons for the defeat.
The Slovenians were much better than us in this respect, "he analysed.
In his opinion, "White and Red" did not stand in the way of the stress associated with the performance against the co-hosts of the tournament, supported by a loud and large audience.
He admitted that the world champions could sleep a bit on the smooth road to the semi-finals.
"maybe if we had suffered a similar defeat in the group stage, we would have studied the lesson more quickly and played differently in the later stages of the tournament.
But that's only if, â   he said.
Gogol hopes to turn the anger over Thursday's defeat into aggression in the bronze medal match.
"I hope that we will show our true face then.
There is a lot to fight about.
We last won the ME medal in 2011, "he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city, and France is the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
They competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, went to Apeldoorn for the first two group stage matches and moved to Ljubljana for the semi-final.
Nick Kyrgios: severe punishment, but suspended
The Australian tennis player received a 16-week ban and a fine of $25,000 - a six-month suspension - for his reprehensible words, gestures and actions during recent ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour officials are losing patience with Kyrgios, but are still giving him a chance to improve.
A summary of the misdeeds of the most uncouth professional tennis player in recent years looks threatening - 16 weeks off plus a sizeable fine, but both penalties are suspended for six months - a probationary period in which the wayward athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is still only 24 years old, but he has been racking up a kind of tennis world record - he had to pay the highest single financial penalty in the history of the discipline for breaking the rules of behavior on and off the court.
There were loud curses, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike conduct, insulting the umpire and spectators, breaking two rackets during his loss to Karen Khachanov - all for which he paid $113,000 after the ATP Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati in August.
At the 2019 US Open, he also said publicly that ATP officials "are corrupt," which hurt the organization so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios.
But he was forgiven for his words about corruption, after listening to the guilty party and learning the context of the statement.
However, tennis officials stated that the investigation found that Kyrgios' behaviour over the past 12 months in many cases raised serious concerns and constituted an almost constant violation of the rules that he continually insulted players and spectators in a vulgar manner, hence the high penalty.
However, the ATP gave him five days to file an appeal and immediately postponed the execution of the judgment, ordering the fulfillment of several conditions in the next six months: in ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour.
He was also advised to seek "continuous support" from mental coaches during tournaments and also in the off-season to consult with people who specialize in solving the problems of athletes not coping with proper behavior.
The first comment (on social media) from Nick Kyrgios to the verdict was: "Hey everyone, I can still play.
I just have to control my behaviour, that's it. '
In practice, the Australian will have at least a two-week break after aggravating a shoulder injury in the Laver Cup, so he had to cancel the upcoming races in Beijing (30 September - 6 October) and Shanghai (6-13 October).
Kyrgios is ranked 27th in the ATP rankings.
This year, he won two tournaments - in Washington and Acapulco - and earned more than $1.3 million.
Gus: life is getting better in Poland
According to a report published on Friday by the Central Statistical Office (Gus), as many as 44% of households assessed their material situation as good or rather good last year.
The figure was 37.2% a year earlier, 33.5% in 2016 and has never been higher than 30% since 2009, when the Office for National Statistics first examined subjective assessments of households.
A total of 8.1% of households considered their material situation as bad or rather bad last year, compared to 11.2% a year earlier and more than 20% in 2009.
The material situation of self-employed households is the best.
In this group, more than 70% of respondents consider it good or rather good.
At the other extreme are pensioners' households, where the proportion of such responses was just 18 per cent.
The subjective assessment of the material situation of households is also influenced by the number of children.
The worst situation is experienced by single parents, of whom 32% declare a good or rather good material situation.
Among couples with children, the figure varies (depending on the number of children) from 55 to 60 percent, and among childless households it is 48.8 percent.
The effect of the 500 + programme is clearly visible in these statistics.
Before it was launched in 2016, the worst financial situation was assessed by single parents and large families (with at least three children).
The improvement of subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles is a reflection of the rapid growth of income, mainly from work.
However, this is not all, because the percentage of households that consider their situation to be good increases faster than real incomes.
Moreover, at the level of voivodships, there is no clear relationship between the level of income and the assessment of material conditions of households.
The best assessments are made by the inhabitants of the Opolskie Voivodeship, where 48.9% of respondents consider their situation to be good or rather good.
This is followed by Lubuskie (47.7%), Śląskie (47.6%), Mazowieckie (47.3%) and Zachodniopomorskie (47.1%).
Meanwhile, in Opole, disposable income (i.e. after paying taxes and contributions) amounted to less than 94% of the national average last year, and 98% in Lubuskie.
Residents of Mazovia (120% of the national average) and Silesia (104%) had the highest incomes.
On average, in Poland, disposable income per person was PLN 1693 in 2018.
In real terms (after adjusting for the impact of price changes), it increased by 4.3% compared to 2017.
Compared to previous years, this result is quite low.
In 2016, income per person increased by 7 per cent and a year later by 6.3 per cent.
While income growth is slowing, it is also holding back spending growth.
Those per person amounted to PLN 1,187 last year, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7%.
This is the first such case since 2013.
Spending per person increased by 1.9% in real terms in 2017 and 4.3% in 2016.
Household budget surveys suggest that a statistical household now spends 70.1% of its disposable income, compared to over 80% as recently as 2014 and above 90% by 2006.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a transparent blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at a closed show of the brand "Patrizia Pepe."
Unfortunately, her outfit was not successful.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is married to sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in activities for women, for which she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in public relations with companies such as PZU, Red Bull and Bayer.
She has worked as a journalist for TVP1, TVN Style, Vision Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book "Mom and Dad is Us," in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children between the ages of 0 and 3.
She was involved in many projects aimed at providing support for active women.
Her actions include "Women's Entrepreneurial Network," "Business Women's Lodge," "Women's Congress Association," and "Make Up Buisness."
Privately, she is married to Maciej Kurzajewski - a TV presenter and sports journalist.
The couple have two sons, Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at a closed show of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe."
The event was also attended by Natasza Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech.
The intimate show could not take place without a wall where the stars showed off their outfits.
Unfortunately, photojournalists caught the blatant mistake of Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman wore a white top under a black shirt, which shone through her heavily.
U.S. Navy: three suicides among aircraft carrier crew
Three sailors committed suicide aboard the USS George H. W. Bush last week, the U.S. Navy said.
In total, five of the ship's crew members have been killed in the past two years.
The previous suicide took place in July this year, and the earlier one in November 2017.
All three sailors were shot dead last week, according to CNN.
Each incident occurred on land when the USS George H. W. Bush was docked off the coast of Virginia.
So far, third parties have been excluded from the case.
In addition, the deaths are not to be linked.
"it takes everyone to get involved in putting forward suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to stress that there is no stigma or other repercussions associated with seeking help, "Captain Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, wrote on Facebook.
Niesiołowski was critical of the Pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Lekszycki, Stefan Niesiołowski emphasized that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"in fact, his every sentence was accepted."
Later, there was criticism of some of his actions.
"for me, the fact that John Paul II could not liquidate Rydzyk's harmful activity casts a big shadow on his pontificate.
After all, this Redemptorist - a pest of the Church and Poland - developed his media into the best during the life of the Polish pope, 'he explained.
The former politician of the Civic Platform admitted: 'there were murmurs of discontent, the pope said something, he did not accept Rydzyk once but he had the authority and for politicking he could simply throw him out of the Church or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to collect money for the poor.
However, John Paul II did not do it, nor did his successors, "explained Niesiołowski.
"besides, there was this fatal case of pedophilia and actions of the Church, or rather lack of them.
I ran a little forward thinking, but I wanted to draw attention to the whole of his life.
We have known about the scale of pedophilia in the Church since relatively recently.
The question arises as to how it is possible that John Paul II, being the head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting things, "says Niesiołowski in an interview with a journalist.
In the opinion of the former politician of the Civic Platform, the Polish Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
"we must admit that during the Solidarity period the Church was our most important ally.
All the celebrations began with a mass, with crosses hanging everywhere.
Now these crosses are written, they have become a symbol of the dictatorship - a sign of the written regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk are shaking the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing about it and that today the Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which he will pay dearly, "Niesiołowski argued.
"I hope that Pope Francis pursues Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others of this kind," he concluded.
Hrubieszów: tomorrow, the celebration of the 590th anniversary of the county
There will be gala concerts and auctions.
The jubilee gala will be held in the Hrubieszów House of Culture.
First, the Mass will begin at 10 a.m. at St. Nicholas Church.
The official opening ceremony will be held at 11.30 am in HDK.
The Hrubieszów Land Song and Dance Ensemble will perform.
Young people from Stanisław Staszic High School will present a performance entitled "Hrubieszów County: hence my family - I live here."
After that, medals "Merit for the district of Hrubieszów" will be awarded.
At 4 p.m., the event will move to the city promenade, where concerts "Hrubieszów Charity for Angelika Zińkiewicz" will be held.
Disco polo bands will play - NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and Mig star of the evening.
There will be auctions, including pens and porcelain of the Prime Minister.
The PZPN is pouring punishments for brawls in stadiums.
Gryf disqualified
The Polish Cup clash between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdansk did not end tragically, when the goalkeeper of the opposing team, Zlatan Alomerović, fired by the fans from Wejherowo by millimeters.
The match was suspended for 20 minutes after the incident.
The Polish Football Association (PZPN), investigating this case, imposed a severe punishment on Gryf, excluding him from future games.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020 / 2021 season.
In addition, fans will not be allowed into their home stadium for the next match.
They will also not be able to travel in groups for league matches until 31 December.
Fans of Śląsk Wrocław also caused brawls at the Widzew Łódź stadium.
Here, however, the sentence of the PZPN was milder, because Silesia warned that similar events could happen and sensitized the relevant authorities in this matter.
Nevertheless, the services allowed for throwing rocks at the Łódź fans' sector, setting fire to chairs and forcing the hosts' sector.
This match was stopped for eight minutes and the police had to use a water cannon.
The PZPN punished Silesia with a one-time stadium ban in the next match in the Polish Cup and banned travel to matches in this and the next edition of the PP.
The travel ban also covers Ekstraklasa league matches, but will last until 31 December.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to replace the signage on the entire managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie, the implementation of the amendment to the regulation of the Ministry of Infrastructure on, among other things, writing the names of foreign cities on road signs in Polish has begun.
For example, "Lviv" will appear next to "L'viv."
In our province, the changes will be introduced on 94 road signs located at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it is supposed to be easier, clearer and simpler.
The new guidelines are the result of an amendment to the Regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety equipment.
"we should remember that place names in neighbouring countries often also have a Polish sound.
Thanks to a change in the law that we have prepared, they will finally appear on signposts on our roads.
The introduction of the new signage starts from the Podkarpackie section of the A4 motorway, "informed Minister of Infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpacie, changes will be introduced on 94 road signs located at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total cost of investment?
£200,000.
As a first step, the new signage will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is scheduled to be completed by 1 November 2019.
What does the implementation of the idea look like?
It will be done without changing the boards, on the basis of stickers.
They will replace the existing town names with new ones, written in Polish on the already existing signs.
Both names will be written in one line - first in Polish, then in the original, in parentheses.
This will make it much easier for people who do not know the spelling of the names of foreign cities in the language of the country in which they are located.
Experience the game together with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer has announced the Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One - the world's first headset for Xbox One powered by haptic technology.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and better control over the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in creating advanced haptic technologies for a realistic tactile experience.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and intelligent digital signal processing to generate high-resolution tactile feedback in real time, giving you the ability to fully immerse yourself in every Xbox One game.
The technology recognizes sound signals and converts them into dynamic vibrations so that players can empathize with the gameplay without having to install additional software.
Thanks to the use of the sense of touch, sound signals can accurately mimic the actions in the game.
Razer HyperSense recreates events - from silent steps to powerful explosions, accurately capturing all the activities in the player's environment.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One is designed to give all players an extra dimension of gameplay.
With HyperSense, we allow them to fully immerse themselves in their favorite titles, "said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President, Razer peripherals.
The rotating earmuffs are equipped with foam-filled cushions with shape memory and a cooling gel layer to reduce the heat generated during long use.
For even easier operation of the headphones, there is a quick mute button on the retractable microphone and a HyperSense intensity regulator and a balance slider between the game and the chat.
The headband, which adapts to the shape of the head, ensures a seamless and accurate fit.
In addition, Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One features Xbox Wireless, which allows you to connect directly to the console without the need for a wireless transceiver, allowing for easy and quick setup.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic for more realistic sound.
Razer Nari Ultimate, originally intended for PC, debuted in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was priced at 219,99 euros.
Someone shot a swan with a windbreaker
In a pond in Zameczno in Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan having problems with its wings.
After catching and visiting the vet, it turned out that someone had made a target out of the animal - a bolt from a windbreaker was found in his body.
"information about the injured bird was received from the villagers of the Wild Animal Rehabilitation Centre in Nowa Sól.
The report indicated that the animal had broken wings.
We went to the place.
It was immediately apparent that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely so as not to harm him or put him under additional stress.
The swan was caught and taken to a vet.
After the first X-ray was taken, it was already known that someone had made a shooting shield out of it.
There were shrapnel in his body, "says Marcin Walasek, president of Malpol, a company that manages, among other things, a rehabilitation centre.
Overwinters in the resort
"the wounds have been cleaned, the bird has been given antibiotics, access to water, a safe place in the centre where he will spend the whole winter.
We are trying to strengthen it.
For now, he is unable to fly.
Releasing him now would mean that he would most likely not survive the winter, "adds Walasek.
The staff intends to release the swan into the same pond in the spring after undergoing rehabilitation.
After receiving information about the cause of the animal's ill health, the authorities intend to inform the Public Prosecutor's Office about the case.
The incident took place in Zameczno
Gowin: "we need to boost Polish small trade"
"effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, it will be necessary to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Science and Higher Education Jarosław Gowin.
During an interview in "Signals of the Day" on radio Jedynka Gowin stated that trade is controlled by international networks, which impose such low margins on Polish producers that actually Polish companies cannot develop.
Noting that it is very difficult to fight this problem, the Deputy Prime Minister reminded that the Law and Justice (PiS) government tried to deal with it at the very beginning of the term of office, but got a "counter-attack from the EC."
"we won in the court of justice and I hope that if the United Right wins the next elections and forms a government, we will return to this subject," he said.
He also noted that "effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish small trade."
"it will be necessary to consider whether the government, the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," Gowin said.
In May, an EU court ruled that the European Commission had erred in finding that the Polish retail tax was impermissible state aid.
The Retail Sales Tax Act provided for the introduction of two tax rates on trade: 0.8 per cent on income between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4 per cent on income above PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was due to take effect from September 2016.
In September 2016, the European Commission launched an infringement procedure against Poland.
Brussels argued at the time that the design of the tax could favour smaller shops, which could be considered public aid.
She went on to say that the tribute had been implemented in an unlawful manner.
It also issued an order suspending the application of the tax until its analysis has been completed by officials in Brussels.
Poland disagreed, but tax collection was suspended.
The EU court's decision in May opened the way for the reintroduction of the tax, but did not end the case.
On 24 July, the Commission lodged an appeal with the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the CJEU's press service told PAP that the case is now at the written stage, in which both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
It is not yet known if and when the oral procedure, the hearing of the parties and a possible hearing, will take place.
It takes a good few to several months from the filing of an appeal to the announcement of the judgment.
"this procedure takes an average of a year," a source at the Luxembourg Court told PAP.
How to dress a child for baptism?
We suggest a few practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of the infant and his parents.
It is often the first occasion on which the whole family gathers around a child, celebrating their appearance in the world together.
No wonder, then, that freshly baked mom and dad want their kids to look their best on this day.
However, before you make a final decision about your child's outfit, consider whether it will also be comfortable.
In the shops, you can find many costume sets that do not provide your child with proper comfort.
So what should you pay attention to?
The basic criterion for choosing clothes for baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, a few weeks old babies were baptized, dressed in white sets and put in the same barrels or big spirits.
Today, children who receive the sacrament are often older: a few months, a year, or even bigger.
It is not difficult to guess that such a big comfort needs a slightly different clothes for baptism.
Therefore, if your child is 3-4 months old on the day of baptism, they will probably spend the ceremony in a stroller or in the hands of their parents or godparents.
The best way to do this is to decorate it in comfortable cotton sleeping bags or sets.
Although this item of clothing is considered an everyday outfit, it is enough to search for its festive variants, for example with a frill or lace.
For a boy, a body with a print of a fly and braces will be ideal.
In the case of older children, you can afford more fancy dress.
The little girl will look lovely in a simple tulle dress
Many parents of girls look longingly towards the ornate, ruffled dresses for the christening, complete with coats, headbands and hats.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-breathable materials in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In search of the right clothes, it is better to visit Asanti for Kids, which offers elegant outfits with cotton lining.
Delicate tulle skirts, satin dresses, lace, appliques and charming sets will make your little girl look beautiful and feel comfortable.
Perfect outfit for the little gentleman: cotton suit
Until recently, there was a trend among parents of boys for suits that were copies of "adult" models.
Polyester blazers and trousers, stiff collars or cuffs often made young elegants loudly demonstrate their displeasure.
Today, thankfully, they have been superseded by comfortable cotton sets.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for Kids, which are soft, sweatpants, and a blouse decorated with a vest pattern on the front.
These outfits look extremely festive, and at the same time do not restrict the movements of the child learning about the world.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published a statement of assets
Krystyna Pawłowicz filed a declaration of assets at the end of her term.
It shows that the MP of the Law and Justice party has accumulated 110 thousand zlotys of savings.
Let's remind that Pawłowicz announced her departure from politics.
At the end of his term of office, he has the amount of PLN 110 thousand
According to a statement submitted by the MP, she draws a pension worth 4.7 thousand zlotys a month.
Pawłowicz owns an apartment worth 570,000 PLN and a slightly smaller one, which he rents out, charging 880 PLN per month.
The MP also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at PLN 150,000.
Earlier, the property statement was also published by Jaroslaw Kaczynski.
Vote on adjournment of the session for the duration of the Conservative Party conference
British MPs have voted against a three-day recess in the House of Commons for the Conservative Party's annual conference programme, as requested by the government.
There were 289 votes in favour and 306 against.
It is customary for the House of Commons not to sit during party conferences, so that MPs do not have to resign from either attending or sitting in parliament.
However, opposition parties decided that at such a crucial time as the last weeks before Britain's scheduled departure from the European Union on October 31, parliament should not interrupt the proceedings.
A total of 289 MPs voted in favour of the government's motion for a recess, while 306 voted against it.
Two opposition parties already after conventions
Prime Minister Boris Johnson's decision to suspend Parliament for five weeks, which was ruled unlawful by the Supreme Court on Tuesday, could be seen as a political vendetta against him.
After the ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday, and the most important event of the day was Johnson's speech and the stormy debate that followed.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding an early election.
"it's time to deliver Brexit.
It must be implemented in order to respect the result of the referendum.
Brexit must come so that we can deal with the agreement on citizens' priorities, on the health service, on the cost of living.
Brexit must be delivered so that we can unite this country, "said Johnson.
The Conservative Party conference is due to start in Manchester next Sunday and run until Wednesday 2 October.
The conferences of the two main opposition parties - Labour and the Liberal Democrats - have already taken place.
One of the justifications given by Johnson in explaining such a long suspension of parliament was precisely the party conferences.
Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland: media
"president Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders," write foreign media.
A spokesman for the president strongly denied the reports.
"this is simply not true," Blazej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
Israeli media, including Haaretz and the Jerusalem Post, reported that Andrzej Duda, during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora at the Polish consulate in New York, said that Israel was to blame for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said that the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland is a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to the words of Israeli Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who said in February that "Poles sucked anti-Semitism with their mothers' milk."
Andrzej Duda said he regretted that Israel had not apologised for humiliating statements made by its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression against the Polish ambassador to Israel Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by an assailant who shouted: "Pole, Pole."
"the quote is not only inaccurate.
This is simply not true, "Blazej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
"he never said that Israel was responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland," Duda said.
According to Spychalski, the portal "invented it."
During the meeting, there was also a dispute between Holocaust survivor Edward Mosberg, awarded the Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland, and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg was to agree with the words of President Duda and say that Jews from Israel "like Israel Kac" are responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to sources, Boteach was supposed to interrupt Mosberg's speech.
Who is Banaś and what did he blame?
The house rented by the pimps led the journalist to discover the negligence in the property statements of Marian Banasia.
We sum up another scandal that has rocked the ruling camp.
Journalists from TVN Superwizjera revealed that Marian Banaś, the president of the Supreme Chamber of Control, had not entered the 400-metre tenement house, which is located in Kraków's Podgórze district, into the property declaration in recent years.
What's more, his subtenant was supposed to run a sex business in the aforementioned tenement house (and thus rent rooms for hours).
In turn, the building itself was allegedly the collateral for the loan repayment since 2016.
The irregularities were pointed out by Bertold Kittel in the show "Supervisor."
The journalist revealed that the house was rented by people connected with the criminal world, in order to use it as a place of "erotic meetings."
The clients were said to be men using the services of prostitutes.
Banaś responded vaguely and vaguely to the allegations.
Interestingly, the tenement house rented by the pimps led the journalist to discover negligence in Banasia's property statements.
The house itself was vaguely described in them, and the income from renting it was to be understated.
"the assets of Marian Banas and his wife may be worth between 6 and 8 million zlotys.
In total, the couple can boast of two houses, three flats, savings [...], "writes Money.pl.
According to the analysis of the portal, the house itself was worth about PLN 3 million.
The Central Anti-Corruption Bureau is currently conducting an audit of Mariana Banasia's financial statements for the period 2015-2019.
Banaś announced that he would suspend his activity in the Supreme Chamber of Control until its completion. "I will apply to the marshal for unpaid leave," he assured.
The opposition is demanding an explanation.
"we do not hear that CBA has expanded its investigation or accelerated its examination of Marian Banasia's financial statements.
That is why we are forced to remove the organs of the state and submit a notification about the possibility of committing a crime [...], "said Mariusz Witczak.
"if a normal Pole valued his rental properties so grossly low, he would already have 10 checks, tax impurities and penal-fiscal proceedings," he added.
He went high, he fell low
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Chamber of Control.
He was appointed to the position on August 30, 2019, for a six-year term.
His candidacy was put forward by the Law and Justice Party and the votes of the party's politicians were accepted.
Previously, Banaś was associated with the Supreme Chamber of Control (NIK) between 1992 and 2005, and worked in this institution as an associate of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first government of the Law and Justice party (2005-2008) Banaś held the position of the President of the Customs Service and the Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015, he has again sat on the stool of the head of the Customs Service, and since 2017 he has managed the National Revenue Administration.
Banaś served for three months as finance minister in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki.
Cooler Master Launches Graphics Card Holder
Graphics cards can now weigh a lot, and this naturally makes room for product categories that would have been impossible to find on store shelves a decade ago.
This is the solution - the handle for the ELV8 RGB graphics card - presented by Cooler Master.
The new graphics card holder model is not only a functional solution for more reliable maintenance of the graphics card without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-Express slot.
The Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task - decorative.
Rzeczpospolita: ignoring a police officer's order will be punished
According to the newspaper, flouting a specific behaviour order issued by a police officer is to be a new type of offence, punishable by a fine, arrest or restriction of liberty.
Police unionists want such a change.
The idea was submitted to the Sejm's Committee on Petitions.
"the case is serious, because already every year more than half a million misdemeanor cases are sent to the Polish courts," it reads.
"Rzeczpospolita" has established that the petition which the Independent Trade Union of Policemen is writing to MPs on the amendment of the code of offences has a chance of success.
The petitioners propose a new wording of Article 54A of the Code of Offences.
It would read: "anyone who does not comply with the request or order of a public officer, issued within the limits and on the basis of the provisions of the Act, shall be subject to arrest, fine or restriction of liberty."
"par. 3 of this provision speaks of an identical punishment for those who, by disobeying orders, prevent or hinder the performance of a business activity," according to the Journal.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told Rzeczpospolita that although he agrees with the main message of the proposal, he fears that if implemented, it could be used in political manifestations.
"in situations of freedom demonstrations, it would be disadvantageous, and instead of alleviating the situation, it would even exacerbate it," he adds.
Statistics reported by the newspaper showed that 86 percent of citizens had a positive view of police interventions in 2018, and that services make 1.5 million interventions in the city each month.
Buras worried about Europe
Jáchym Topol has writing in his blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators, writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important post-war Czech playwrights, today mentioned in a row with Václav Havel.
So, from the beginning, there was a curse of talent hanging over Jáchym, which he tries to use.
After eight years, he returned with "A Sensitive Man."
The protagonists are Buras and Soňa, along with their two sons, who, however, do not form a typical Czech family.
They are itinerant actors, they travel around Europe.
He is a lover of Shakespeare and a thief, she a one-eyed translator who doesn't part with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys did not make a sound from birth, and for the other, time stopped in his infancy.
But it is not the characters who are the most important in this story.
All of them are merely a backdrop to observe a world in which there is no longer room for artistic nomads.
It's a world of swamped provinces, a society of old, suspicious people and promiscuous youth.
The "sensitive man" turns into an absurd theatre in places.
The narrative mimics didaskalia, and the characters "conversations create this world.
The scene is a Europe full of fears for its future, but also of constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancels 105 flights due to Thomas Cook bankruptcy
Although the British travel company Thomas Cook has collapsed, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann operates.
However, the company has problems.
Brussels Airlines has announced it will cancel 105 flights in October due to problems related to the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook, according to broadcaster VRT.
Neckermann also laid off 75 employees.
All trips with an office that have been booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but holidaymakers will be able to get a refund.
The court also declared the bankruptcy of three Belgian subsidiaries: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Around 12,000 Belgians are currently abroad on Thomas Cook holidays.
Another 40,000 people were expected to leave the office by the end of the year.
Thomas Cook Belgium spokeswoman Leen Segers said on Monday that the company was now "fully operational" despite the British parent company's bankruptcy filing, which caused concern among employees and customers.
The office was reassuring then that customers who bought trips in it would go on holiday.
Thomas Cook - one of the world's oldest and largest travel companies - filed for bankruptcy on Sunday night.
The immediate cause of the bankruptcy was the collapse of last-ditch talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
Creditors have been pushing for the company to secure an extra £200m as collateral for the winter period, when travel companies tend to have lower turnover, in addition to a £900m rescue plan already agreed in August.
However, the company's problems have been mounting for several years, resulting in debts of up to £1.6bn.
Michał Kubiak after the match against Slovenia (1: 3).
"I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
We played very poorly.
This tournament is not over for us yet, "said Polish volleyball team captain Michał Kubiak after a 3-1 defeat to Slovenia in the semi-finals of the European Championship.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation per review
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion - this is what the German city of Görlitz has prepared for visitors.
The measures are intended to help combat the ongoing decline in the city's population.
Görlitz is Germany's easternmost city.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140,000 tourists a year.
However, according to The Guardian, the city is struggling with significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with a steady decline in population.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them left for the west of the country, resulting in a 25 percent decline in the city's population.
In 2013, it had a population of 54,000.
In an attempt to combat the depopulation, officials came up with the idea to start offering free monthly accommodation in the city.
So far, 150 proposals have been submitted to the programme.
Two-thirds of them were submitted by residents of large cities.
The programme also attracted people from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom.
"when we applied, we thought the program was to convince people to move to Görlitz," said one of the project participants.
"now we feel that it doesn't matter if we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has seven thousand vacant dwellings, and unemployment is three times higher than the national average.
Although city officials hope that some will move permanently, the main goal of the program is to get feedback from program participants.
The information gathered from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revive smaller German cities.
"we want to know more about what people need, and if they decide to move, what their motivation was," said Robert Knippschild, responsible for the program.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents by offering them incentives in the form of housing.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals to live and work in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy, or in the American city of Tulsa, Oklahoma.
