Father Joseph Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He is charismatic.
Crowds gather for the Holy Mass for his release and healing.
He was several years old when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, through the Franciscan, others experience this.
Crowds gather for the Holy Mass celebrated by Fr Witko for release and healing
The parents of a 7-month-old baby who had a 7.5mm hole in his heart once came to see him.
It was to be operated on.
Father Joseph Witko prayed over him.
On the same day, the boy was taken to the hospital for surgery.
Astonished doctors ruled: "Surgery is not needed, the loss is only 1.5 mm."
My parents cried with happiness.
After another Franciscan prayer, the hole disappeared completely.
The clergyman began to experience the extraordinary actions of the Creator as a teenager.
In his dreams, purgatory souls came to him asking for help.
"I was awake at night and urged to pray for the dead and those who were dying at the moment," he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what was happening to a man who was committing mortal sin.
"My body started to change.
I lost my human qualities and started to take on the appearance of an animal, "he says.
The invisible force lifted him up, he couldn't get his voice out.
He felt he was lost.
Then God showed him salvation.
"Immersed in the waters of the river symbolizing baptism, I was released and returned to human form...," he says.
He did not tell anyone about these strange experiences.
His vocation matured in him.
He was 16 years old when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons he wanted not only to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience Him alive.
Members of the Charismatic Community Renewal in the Holy Spirit
Many people participate in the healing masses celebrated by Father Witko, who hope to get rid of the disease.
The priest emphasizes, however, that their main purpose is spiritual healing, not bodily healing.
Kolping's first defeat frac Jaroslaw
This afternoon (26 September this year) Kolping frac team deservedly lost at home to the current Polish Dartom champion Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki as part of the third round of the LOTTO Super League Table Tennis.
The Jaroslavs, in the kind of personal combination they presented with the bulwarks, have little chance of winning against the league sovereigns.
This was clearly shown by the duel with Dartom Bogoria.
The team is still missing, hailed as the team's leader, Chen Jingqi.
Perhaps with him in the lineup, the Jaroslavs would reach their third straight victory in the new season.
The young Asian Qiyao Han has probably not yet grown up to win against the likes of the Greek Panagiotis Gionis or the Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most promising Poles, Marek Badowski.
The player from Hellada was the biggest star of the match in the MOSiR hall at Sikorskiego Street in Jaroslaw.
Against both Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei, he was a class unto himself.
After three matches, Kolping frac led 2-1.
Kou Lei probably outplayed Marek Badowski and Daniel Gorak after a thrilling five-set fight - Pavel Siruck.
But then it got worse.
Gionis did not give Leia a chance.
One could still hope to win by two points, but Qiyao Han did not match Badowski.
There will be no additional research for seniors.
Why
According to Rafal Trzaskowski, a program of free preventive examinations for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it has not been approved by the Ministry of Health and its subordinate Agency for Health Technology Protection and Tariff.
In the explanatory statement, the agency explained that the target group was poorly selected.
"The above actions may even result in the detection of individual disease units, which may exacerbate difficulties in accessing NHS services and adversely affect the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with a falsely positive test result," the authors wrote.
The decision of the ministry is not understood by the president of the capital.
"The money is ours, we've provided the money for that.
Only the government is afraid that if people examine themselves, they will go to the doctor later, which is absurd, because it is about bringing about a situation where prevention can be done more quickly.
All specialists know that this helps when it comes to the burden on the health system, because it helps in the rapid detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand ", said Rafal Trzaskowski.
"It is difficult for me to imagine that expert specialists say: Let us not examine ourselves, because there will be longer queues at the doctor, and if such specialists advise the government, I am not surprised that the health service is in such a state", added the politician of the Civic Platform.
Palestine responds to Israel: We will break all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas announced at a session of the United Nations General Assembly on Thursday that he would tear up any agreements reached with Israel if the country's future government tried to meet Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement of annexation of occupied Palestinian lands.
"If the future government of Israel, which will be formed, proceeds to make this plan a reality, we will cancel all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made," he said.
"We will reject the whole plan completely and completely," Abbas threatened with pressure.
"It is our duty to defend all our rights by all possible means - no matter what the consequences - by fully engaging in the application of international law and in the fight against terrorism," said the Palestinian Authority president, who had already made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, Israel's former prime minister, was again tasked with forming a government after the Sept. 17 election.
A week before the election, he announced that if he won, he would annex the Jordan Valley and intend to include all Jewish settlements across the West Bank in Israel.
In the early 1990s, Israel and the Palestinians, led by Yasser Arafat at the time, signed a series of peace agreements sponsored by the United States.
Abbas, 84, also promised to hold general elections on Palestinian soil during a session of the United Nations General Assembly.
The last one took place in 2006.
"When I return home, I will call local elections in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem, and all those who oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community," the Palestinian president solemnly declared.
Abbas also defended in his speech the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the United Nations, to exercise the rights of "full members of the United Nations and all its bodies and institutions."
The Palestinian leader concluded his speech by calling on the international community to "force Israel to comply with the United Nations with all due respect."
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas' speech, stating that the Palestinian leader "prefers to focus at the United Nations on the Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel rather than fight against calls for terrorism in the Authority under his leadership."
But Danon, the agencies note, made no reference to Netanyahu's announced annexation of occupied Palestinian lands.
Rescuers want defibrillators at sensitive points of Industry
The history of the border crossing shows that an automatic AED defibrillator can save lives.
The provincial ambulance station in Przemysl wants such devices to be located in sensitive points of the city.
For their actions, the officers received congratulatory diplomas from the Provincial Ambulance Station in Przemysl.
Trainee Daniel Cyrnek, senior trainee Grzegorz Bal and Commissioner Jacek Wojcik are officers of the Podkarpackie Customs and Revenue Office in Przemysl.
On August 28, they were on duty at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medyka. A Customs and Border Protection officer noticed an unconscious man lying in the pedestrian zone.
A Chinese activist died in custody from torture.
Wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Constitution
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, called the Communist Party secretary from her home village on September 23 to report that her husband had just died at a military hospital in Hengyang.
What was the cause of death - he did not reveal.
In the morgue, Cao saw her husband's body massacred, unrecognizable.
"His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were all in blood," she says.
"They wouldn't let me take my cellphone with them and there were a lot of police around who didn't let me get close to Wang."
Police pressed her to sign a statement saying her husband was seriously ill and had died as a result of an "accident."
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million of funding will go to companies from the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
On Friday, the National Centre for Research and Development announced the results of the third edition of GameINN.
Among the nearly 30 projects supported by the National Centre for Research and Development were, among others, the development of a platform for creating field games based on the AR game engine creating a map of the real world with an application enabling data transmission by users; a test and training platform for verifying practical skills at the workplace and professional development using VR and AI technologies; an innovative game simulating the management of real production processes using an innovative gameplay model based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the concept of Industry 4.0, according to a release from the National Centre for Research and Development sent to PAP on Friday.
The aim of the GameINN sector programme is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish sector of video game producers on the global market in the perspective of 2023.
According to the National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR), the Polish video game sector is already growing at a rate of 10 percent per year.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 amounted to PLN 1.85 billion, while the forecast for 2019 is PLN 2.23 billion.
"The specially prepared GameINN research agenda and support for entrepreneurs already reaching PLN 300 million under this sector programme are an important impetus for the further dynamic growth of the Polish gamedev", reads the release.
The video game industry is an excellent example of effective use of the potential we have in Poland.
"The incentives introduced by the government for entrepreneurs focusing on innovation, such as R & D reliefs, competence improvement programmes, IP box and support programmes implemented by the National Centre for Research and Development, drive innovative activities of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a very competitive market", says Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education Jaroslaw Gowin, quoted in the release.
The head of the Ministry of Science points out that money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of financing projects, but also stays in their pockets - three-quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from the R & D relief in 2018 than a year earlier.
"The amount of deducted costs concerning R & D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in over PLN 300 million in savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is the equivalent of the support provided by the National Centre for Research and Development in three editions of GameINN ", emphasizes the Deputy Prime Minister.
The Director of the National Centre for Research and Development, Dr. Wojciech Kamieniecki, reminds that in the previous two funding competitions with a total value of over PLN 211.2 million, 78 innovative projects were awarded.
The huge interest in the third competition and the variety of applications show that the video game industry has ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
"It is particularly pleasing that among the selected projects - as in previous editions - there are projects concerning solutions not only for entertainment, but also related to industry 4.0", he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding amounting to up to PLN 20 million.
The National Centre for Research and Development received 87 applications for a total amount of funding of approx. PLN 317 million.
At the time of the announcement of the competition, the budget of the competition was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects were awarded almost PLN 105 million in funding.
Detailed information about the results of the 3rd GameINN competition is available at NCBR. Gov. pl.
The GameINN sector programme is implemented within the framework of the Smart Growth Operational Programme.
The National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR) launched the program in 2016 in response to the initiative of entrepreneurs associated with the Polish Games Agreement, which includes companies such as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga pleads guilty to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident took place on 16 September.
Dolberg, who joined Nice from Ajax Amsterdam at the end of August, realised his watch had disappeared from the dressing room after training.
Not just anything, because it is worth EUR 70 thousand.
A furious Dane did not show up for class the next day, citing stomach problems.
The case was mysterious from the beginning.
Players in the dressing room have private safes at their disposal and the club area is monitored.
According to AFP, Diaby-Fadig eventually confessed to the theft.
The 18-year-old has already apologised to Dolberg and the rest of his team-mates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised to return the money for the watch to the Dane.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most promising young footballers in France.
He moved to Nice at the age of 13 before making his debut in the first team three years later.
He has appeared in seven games this season.
He recently signed a professional contract but, according to L'Equipe, the club are likely to dissolve him with immediate effect.
For the time being, he has launched disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, declined to comment on the matter.
Check if you're sure to wash your hands well
We all know that they need to be washed (e.g. after coming home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you need to do it the right way.
This is especially important now that autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
And yet most of us wash them less!
Hot water and ordinary soap are enough - it is not true that it must be antibacterial (many doctors even advise against them).
Washing, rub not only the soles and tops of the hand, but also: The tips of the fingers (joined or individually) - rub them with circular movements against the inside of the other hand, the spaces between the fingers (intertwine your hands, rubbing your fingers against each other), thumbs - each thumb is covered with the other hand and in such an embrace we spin it a moment to the right and left.
In an emergency (when you can't wash your hands), wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief and then use an antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from £5).
After using the public toilet, do not touch the handles or doors with your washed hands (recommendation of the Chief Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them through a paper towel.
Iranian President Says He Rejected Proposal For Talks With US, Donald Trump Denies
Tehran did not engage in talks with the U. S. side at the U. N. General Assembly in New York despite an offer by the Americans to lift sanctions, Iranian President Hassan Rowhani said Friday.
U. S. President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side that asked for the lifting of the restrictions, which he disagreed with.
According to Iranian President Hassan Rowhani, the United States has proposed lifting all sanctions on Tehran in exchange for negotiating a new international agreement.
It would regulate both Iran's nuclear program and its ballistic missile program.
Rowhani: Iran won't engage in talks amid maximum pressure
Iran's president said he refused to engage in the talks because of the "toxic atmosphere."
He said he had met with American diplomats because he had succumbed to the urging of France, Germany and the United Kingdom.
However, he stressed that Iran would not engage in talks in an atmosphere of "maximum pressure".
"And even if we want to negotiate with the Americans in the 5 + 1 format, no one can predict what the end result will be," Rowhani said.
A day earlier, the Iranian leader said he did not rule out talks with the United States, and accused the European parties to the nuclear deal of favoring U. S. sanctions on Iran.
He added that sanctions imposed on Iran after the U. S. withdrawal from the nuclear deal "are a precondition that does not allow" dialogue.
"If we can lift this precondition and if America lifts sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America," he declared.
He added that he did not rule out meeting with U. S. President Donald Trump, even though he did not agree to such a conversation in the past week at the U. N. General Assembly.
Trump: 'Iran asked, I said not'
Donald Trump tweeted that he was the one who rejected the Iranian side's request.
'Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions on them so we could meet.
Of course, I said 'no!' The US President slammed.
Tension with nuclear agreement in the background
France, Germany and Britain are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran in some form to salvage the 2015 deal with Iran, to which they were signatories.
It stated that in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions, Iran would abandon its nuclear weapons programme and put the nuclear sector under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the U. S. withdrew from the agreement in May 2015, other signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in place.
So far, nothing has come of it.
Washington has used tactics to exert maximum pressure on Iran, and sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran has said it will cut back on its commitments under the deal every 60 days if it is not allowed to export the material.
Hrubieszow: Cabaret at Wyrwigrosz
We have tickets for you!
Cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will perform on October 6 at 4 p.m. at the Hrubieszow House of Culture. In Hrubieszow.
Cabaret under Wyrwigrosz will present a program entitled "Tra ta ta ta".
There will be, among others, talks about pop-up drinks and Torun geothermal energy.
Tickets are £60 each and can be purchased in HDK, as well as on the ticketowakasa. PL website.
For TZ readers we have free tickets.
How to get them, check out our Facebook profile.
A judge of the Provincial Administrative Court in Warsaw and the husband of heiress Emilia, who she said and screenshots from WhatsApp participated in stalking the judges, were reinstated by the NSW Supreme Court on Wednesday.
Reason: No disciplinary proceedings have been initiated against him, so there is no basis to uphold the order of the President of the JSA Wojciech Mazur to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a disciplinary officer at the NSW Supreme Court, opened an investigation into Szmydt at the end of August, but it has not yet evolved into proceedings against him.
Although the Supreme Court, which acts as a disciplinary court in such cases, must deal with the decision of the President of the JSA within a month of its release.
In this situation, the judge, who publicly talked about his wife's mental problems in order to discredit her, who was removed from the office of the National Court Register due to suspicions of participation in the heist group, will return to adjudication and issue judgments on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Shmydt denies his involvement in the hush money group.
He says there is no evidence of this except for fake screenshots and the words of his wife, with whom he is divorcing.
Exactly the same claim is made by other judges associated with the "caste": Everyone is innocent, there is no evidence.
And it is quite possible that they will bet on their own.
Because prosecutors did not nod their fingers to secure evidence from their electronic media, they are also silent about the contents of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which she stopped in June in another case.
Police did not nod their fingers to secure the devices of people whom Judge Waldemar Zurek pointed out as persecutors in a February report.
There is no evidence - there is no Szmydt case, there is no "Caste" case.
There is also no case of the head of the National Audit Office Marian Banasia for renting a tenement house to pimps and hiding income.
The CBA is reviewing his financial statements.
And it will check when it checks.
Whereas the Commission of Parliamentary Ethics will not deal with Banasi because the Seym is suspended (but the Commission of State Control somehow gathered to make a bizarre decision about dismissing Banasi's deputies and appointing him as acting lawyer, although the law does not provide for such a strange combination).
The whole thing reminds me of a film novel, American I think, about how my wife comes home and finds her husband with his lover in bed.
She is so astonished and devastated that she cannot expectorate the word.
She stands in the door speechless, and during this time her lover quickly jumps out of bed, dresses up and leaves.
And my husband rubs the bed.
When his wife regains her voice and shouts, "What is it supposed to be"
Who is this woman
The husband calmly asks: What woman, darling
Only that in the case of "Caste" or Banasia there is a parody of the state.
And that's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Signing an agreement with the auditor to audit financial statements for 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S. A. announces that on 27 September 2019 it signed an agreement with Premium Audit Company with its registered office in Poznan at 1 / 1 Czartoria Street, entered under the number KRS 0000540136 in the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court of Poznan - Nowy Miasto i Wilda in Poznan, VIII Economic Department of the National Court Register, entered in the list of entities authorised to audit financial statements under number 3992.
The subject of the agreement is the audit of financial statements of Maxipizza S. A. for the following financial years: A. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, c. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
Kamila Licwinko in the high jump final
Earlier this season, returning to competition after the maternity break, the 2017 World Championships bronze medallist from London beat 1.85 and 1.89 in her first attempt and 1.92 in her second attempt.
1.94 was only achieved in the third attempt.
'i'm enjoying it.
I showed that I could fight because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I will have to jump better technically ", admitted Licwinko in front of the Eurosport camera.
The best qualifiers were Vashti Cunningham of the United States and Karyna Demidik of Belarus - 1.94 each.
Both players were the only ones who did not knock down any height.
The women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
Kick-off at 7.30pm UK time.
Kornel Morawiecki is in hospital in a serious condition
He was taken to hospital and doctors describe his condition as serious.
It should be added that he is conscious and conscious.
"We believe he will come out of it, he will win again.
We all pray that he will recover, "an anonymous close friend of Kornel Morawiecki told Super Express journalists.
In the upcoming elections, the Prime Minister's father is running for the Senate.
"I am kept alive by my immediate family and politics," Kornel Morawiecki told reporters in an interview he gave to Super Express two weeks ago.
In January, Super Express reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki had been admitted to the Military Hospital in Wroclaw for examination.
"I developed strange, worrying symptoms and went to the hospital.
It turned out I had jaundice.
But the worst was in front of me.
When the CT scan was done, it was found that I had pancreatic cancer... ", the Prime Minister's father said.
A few days later, Kornel Morawiecki underwent a major operation at the Ministry of Interior hospital in Warsaw.
As Morawiecki told us, President Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain Father Zbigniew Kras to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and was successful.
"I know that many people prayed for me, for which I thank you very much.
Fortunately, I don't tend to metastasize.
I don't know if I'm going to undergo chemotherapy yet.
I put myself in the hands of specialist doctors who are rather good at it.
For now, after this difficult operation, I have to return to some state of use.
I hope that everything will be fine ", noted Kornel Morawiecki in an interview with SE in January.
"If I had been tested too late, the situation would have been dire and I would have said goodbye to that paddock already..."
Krakow: A 14-year-old girl is missing
Officers from the Police Headquarters in Krakow are looking for 14-year-old Nel Stoklosa.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact us.
She went missing on the evening of September 26 and has not yet returned or made contact with relatives.
She was last seen at Stary Gosciniec Street in Krakow.
Nel Stokes is 14 years old, measuring 167cm, with blonde hair and grey-blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was wearing a sweatshirt, grey trousers and shoes.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact police on 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The power of Olawski jumps.
The title of the coverage of the amateur sports competition, held on the Sunday afternoon of September 15 at the Hippodrome on Oleandra Street in Olawa, may be misleading for some.
For, the road to real power is a long way away, but this is the name of one of the types of horse competition...
The competition of the power of jumping consists in the rider and horse overcoming higher and higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed even two meters.
It is worth noting here that the long-term and still unbeaten world record, set back in 1949 by Chilean Albert Larraguibel, on the horse "Huaso", is 247 cm.
Of course, nobody jumped so high in Olawa, but the result of the best local amazons at the level of 135 cm is also not one of the worst...
The competition, organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other activists of JKS "In the saddle", was a demonstration part of the "Rainbow Equestrian Competition" held there a little earlier, about which we write more in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight Amazons entered the competition, training in horse riding in Olawski JKS.
Four competed on ponies and four on large horses.
In the first group, Nikola Szoldra performed best, sitting on the crazy "Sprinter".
This small but very dynamic steed started by overcoming obstacles spread at a height of 40 cm, and ended only at the station with the upper beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not give up easily and only after three consecutive refusals was he removed from the competition by the jury.
The second place in the pony jumping was taken by Amelia Pawlak, sitting on "Fama", and the third place by Lena Borun on "Harmider".
Ambitiously fought the youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, galloping and jumping over obstacles on the small mare "Carmen".
Even more emotions accompanied the competing Amazons and spectators during the competition with the participation of large horses.
Dangerous looking falls included Paulina Szewczyk, sitting on the "Declaration" and Anastasia Abramenko, who rode the "dart".
Fortunately, apart from minor bruises, neither the Amazon nor the horses were harmed, so they continued to participate in the competition.
Weronika Luczkiewicz had a lot of problems with introducing the young mare "Wineta" to the park.
You needed either the assistance of a trainer or another horse for the pair, followed by a little crazy "Wineta".
After passing the obstacle from the parkour, she also went down a full inch, so at times in the cubicles and in the expansion room it became dangerous. "Everything is under control!", reassured Jan Sienkiewicz a little scared viewers, especially the youngest ones.
From the beginning of the big horse competition Marta Masalska did a great job on the park, sitting on the beautiful looking "Whisky".
This dignified mare, paired with an experienced amazon, was the first to jump 135 cm after the second attempt in the final stage and that was the best result of the competition at the moment.
After a while, however, Paulina Szewczyk on the "Declaration", Veronika Luczkiewicz on the "Wineta" and Anastasia Abramenko on the "lot" also scored the same height.
To decorate the flo and to receive prizes in kind in the form of equestrian equipment, all these competitors left together, and finally, together with the Amazons on ponies in the rhythm of Radecki's march, they performed an impressive round of honor, ending this interesting and exciting competition.
Thank you
Equestrian Sports Club "W Siodle" would like to thank the sponsors of the power jump competition during the 16th "Rainbow Equestrian Competition": The Municipal Office in Olawa, the Water Supply and Sewerage Plant in Olawa, the District Office and the company "Mustang".
Max Kolonko cuts himself off from KWW Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution
KWW The Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko is the name of the electoral committee under which the political formation # R Revolution of Mariusz Max Kolonko was to go until the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution directed its proposal especially to young voters with right-wing views.
Before the elections, Kolonko announced cooperation with Marek Jakubiak or Paul Kukiz, but none of these coalitions took place, and the KWW Patriotic Revolution itself did not even manage to collect enough signatures to issue lists in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko has announced on Twitter that he has ended his cooperation with KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko.
"I will expect the abovementioned KWW to remove my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to connect me with the abovementioned entity, "he added and announced that he would provide more information soon.
It is not yet known whether the journalist will continue his activities or whether this is the end of the # R Revolution formation.
On July 4, American Independence Day, Mariusz Max Kolonko, a journalist in the United States, announced the formation of a new political formation - # R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko has become famous for hosting the Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
"We are fed up with politicians, fed up with your fool's games, fed up with your amateur governments.
It is time for the authorities in the state to take over the Nation and rule for the good of the Nation, "Kolonko said at the time.
The party's agenda included issues such as the judiciary (it should be elected in general elections), tax changes (equalising the tax-free amount for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid to NATO eastern flank countries, with particular emphasis on Poland), holding a referendum on gun ownership, limiting the number of MPs and introducing single-member constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of the formation of a new political formation, Mariusz Max Kolonko entered into talks with Marek Jakubiak.
In late July, Kolonko posted a message on his social media page suggesting that # R would join forces with the Kukiz '15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions ultimately took place.
UBS: Gold close to equilibrium point
"The euro exchange rate will remain around the ceiling of PLN 4.35 in the coming months, accompanied by a weak economic situation on global markets", says Michael Bolliger from UBS Wealth Management.
"Expectations of maintaining a solid pace of economic growth and stable monetary policy speak in favour of stabilising the zloty at the current ceiling", says the specialist in an interview with Bankier. PL.
In his opinion, despite the clear inflationary pressure, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to raise rates in an environment in which the vast majority of central banks are easing policy.
"While the zloty is properly valued - euro prices should remain around the ceiling of PLN 4.35 in the coming months - according to him, Polish bonds are not very attractive.
Bonds from emerging markets offer much more favorable yields than Polish stocks, "says Michael Bolliger, head of asset allocation for emerging markets with UBS Wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the economic downturn in the world.
"The global slowdown may get even worse, but there should be no severe recession, and at most GDP growth should go slightly below zero," predicts Michael Bolliger.
"Investors should underweight global equities, which may be hurt by the lack of prospects for a resolution to the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risk factors, including the impeachment process of Donald Trump and Brexit.
Among equity markets, Europe should be relatively the least behaved, "according to a recent letter to investors by UBS Wealth Management Chief Executive Mark Haefele.
"Euro zone stocks should behave worse than U. S. stocks because they are more vulnerable amid heightened uncertainty around global trade and fears of a slowdown," the document said.
According to Michael Bolliger, after a boom in bond markets in the safest countries pushed German 10-year yields as low as minus 0.74 percent, it is still possible to deepen the fall in yields.
In the long term, however, the yields on long-term securities should no longer fall, but only on short-term securities, thanks to the easing of the banks' monetary policy.
The Fed has the biggest room to cut rates, which should lead to a weakening of the U. S. currency over the next few years.
The long-term balance point for the euro is the ceiling of USD 1.29, which would mean a 19% potential to strengthen the single currency against the dollar.
We expect further Fed rate cuts, which will result in a narrowing of monetary policy differences around the world.
"Current and budget deficits may not allow the dollar to maintain its strength in the long term," says Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr loses its weapons.
Confidential report of the German Ministry of Defence
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has recorded the disappearance of 39 weapons, 39 parts of weapons and 19,445 rounds of ammunition, according to a confidential list compiled by the German Ministry of Defence.
The information was reported by the press belonging to the media group RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the office of the Parliamentary Secretary of State in the Ministry of Defence Peter Tauber (CDU), two weapons, one part of a weapon and 3474 rounds of ammunition have so far been retraced.
Among the military equipment still missing are six MG3 universal machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic rifles, six signal pistols and two P8 pistols.
In addition, there are 30 barrels missing for MG3 machine guns.
The situation was expressed by the vice-president of the Left Party, Martina Renner.
She told RND journalists that the number of missing weapons and ammunition was "an alarming figure.
All the more so because, as a result of the investigations, only a small part of the lost equipment was found.
Martina Renner summed up the effects as a "paltry balance sheet."
She also criticized the fact that the list does not show whether there are also weapons found during the investigation into Bundeswehr Lieutenant Franco A. In December 2017, federal prosecutors in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a serious act of violence that threatened national security and violating the provisions of the law governing access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing attacks on leading German politicians for far-right and racist reasons.
His "blacklist" of targets, which fell into the hands of prosecutors, included then-Justice Minister Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green Party and Anetta Kahane, a human rights activist and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung Foundation in Berlin.
Franco A. illegally acquired four firearms, more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition and more than 50 explosives.
Crying children on the plane.
How to avoid them
Is there a solution
Japan Airlines has recently used a feature designed for people who find it a nightmare to travel with a crying child.
Through the website, the airline allows you to check the schedule of seats on the aircraft.
If a connection is made by a minor under the age of two, the "child icon" appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place far from the one occupied by the toddler.
The BBC says the airline has already reported on the shortcomings of the arrangement.
The "baby icon" will not appear when the ticket has been booked by a third party or if there has been a last-minute change to the plane.
As you might expect, the idea was shared by Internet users.
Some Twitter users point out that the problem of travelling with crying children can be solved with noise-cancelling headphones.
These are children, too, we used to be.
"We need to learn tolerance because we will soon start to need a map of seats for mouth breathers, drooling or drinkers," user G Sundar wrote.
Another user noted that he used to be disturbed by crying children on the plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent himself.
Ne also lacks supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"Thank you for warning me about screaming children during the 13-hour journey," Rahat Ahmed wrote.
Majorca counts losses after Thomas Cook travel firm goes bust
More than 25,000 foreign tourists will not be coming to Majorca in October after Thomas Cook declared bankruptcy on Monday.
According to Marc Pons, a representative of the autonomous Balearic Islands government, among the 25,000 holidaymakers who will not be able to take an October holiday in Majorca are also people who were supposed to travel with companies indirectly associated with Thomas Cook, such as Neckermann.
PONS explained that 80% of the expected holidaymakers who had to give up their holiday in Majorca next month due to the collapse of the British company are German and Scandinavian nationals.
But, Pons says, with Thomas Cook failing to divert tourists to the Balearic island between November and April, the damage to the local economy will be less.
He revealed that the Balearic government had already begun negotiations with international operators to "enter the Majorca market" following the bankruptcy of the British operator.
Estimates from the Diario de Mallorca newspaper show that more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs in October due to the tourism crisis in Majorca.
About 800 are laid off employees at Thomas Cook's Palm Beach office.
Other people will lose their jobs mainly in the hotel sector.
On Monday, with Thomas Cook filing for bankruptcy at many Majorca hotels, property owners demanded that guests pay an additional overnight fee.
This situation was experienced, among others, by dozens of tourists from Poland.
The Balearic government estimates that by Thursday, dozens of hotels in Majorca had ceased operations until at least the end of October after Thomas Cook and its affiliates filed for bankruptcy.
And Friday's Diario de Ibiza newspaper points out that most of the hotels operating in Ibiza that have worked with the Thomas Cook group have no intention of closing in the coming weeks.
The newspaper reminds us that on this Balearic island the British bankrupt cooperated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the autonomous Balearic Islands government announced that it would ask the Spanish government to support the region with 100 million euros to cover losses caused by Thomas Cook's bankruptcy.
They revealed that the largest number of tourists affected in the archipelago, about 36,000 people, are in Majorca.
According to Balearic government data, Thomas Cook is owed around 5 million euros by local travel companies, mainly hotel operators, for the implementation of contracts for the July-September 2019 period.
FIFA Women's Ranking.
Poland still in 29th place, USA at the forefront
The women's national team is ranked 29th in the International Football Federation (FIFA) rankings published on Friday.
In the same position, the team of coach Milosz Stepinski was classified in the previous July ranking.
Poor team matches.
How will it be in October
The leaders were the American women, who recently defended their world title.
Germany retained second place in the ranking, while the Netherlands remained third.
Polish women are preparing for the qualification of ME.
They were due to start their away match against the Czechs on 3 September.
The day before the meeting, it was postponed by a year due to food poisoning of opponents.
In this situation, Polish women will inaugurate their qualifications with a meeting with Spanish women on 12 November in Lublin.
Earlier, the "White and Red" will play two friendly matches - on 3 October away from Cyprus, and five days later in Kielce against Brazil.
In the group, the rivals of Polish women are Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The group winners and the top three second-placed teams advance directly to the final tournament.
The other six teams from the second position will play in the play-offs for the last three passes to the European Championship.
The 16 participants will be completed by the host country - England.
The men's national team in the FIFA World Rankings in September dropped from 20th to 22nd place.
'Rom ': Smog has crushed the government
"The effects of the Clean Air programme are faint and coal stoves will kick in as if nothing had ever happened this winter," reads the front page of today's Rzeczpospolita.
"So far, 82 thousand applications for funding worth a total of PLN 2 billion have been submitted under the Clean Air programme, of which 48 thousand decisions have been positive.
The accepted applications amount to a total of over PLN 915 million ", says' Rom ', citing data from the spokesman of the Minister of the Environment.
As the newspaper points out, only part of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the program.
The results of the announced program are described by the journal as "modest".
Local government officials, quoted by Rom, see the failure of "Clean Air" as, among other things, too much bureaucracy.
"The program should be much simpler: Electronic notification, sending invoices by post, possible random control of the implementation.
This would improve the activities ", says Mayor Lidzbark Warminski Jacek Wisniowski.
Activists from the Polish Smog Alarm note that in the first year of operation less than 1% of the target of replacing 3 million kicking boilers was achieved.
As' Rz 'notes, although the budget of the program is PLN 103 billion for 10 years, that is, PLN 10 billion a year, this amount is virtual.
"In the budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management for this year, just PLN 1.4 billion has been reserved", we read.
Congress agrees to F-35 for Poland
Blaze: Now negotiating the price
The United States Congress has agreed to sell 32 of the most modern F-35 aircraft to Poland.
"This is one of the last steps before the contract is signed, but not the end of our work," Mariusz Blaszczak wrote on Twitter.
"We will negotiate hard to achieve the best possible price," the Polish minister added.
Agreement for Polish F-35
The Polish Air Force will eventually supply 32 F-35 Lightning II fighter jets manufactured by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the U. S. State Department agreed to sell them to Poland.
The communication stressed that the investment will support national security and foreign policy of the United States by improving the security of the NATO ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to the information of the State Department, Poland is to pay $6.5 billion for fighter jets.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department noted that the contract will also include the supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, engineering, logistics and personnel services, as well as related logistics and program support elements and staff training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighter jets
The F-35 Lightning II fighter produced by Lockheed Martin is a fifth-generation single-seat and single-engine multirole fighter.
The aircraft is capable of close support, bombing and typical fighter air combat missions.
Thanks to the use of stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable for short-range radars.
Belgium recently bought F-35 fighter jets in a $4.55 billion contract.
The Belgians want to replace them with aging F-16s.
Other U. S. allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, are also expected to consider buying U. S. warplanes.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender Dolls
Manufacturer Barbie has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls.
In this way, he wants to fight stereotypes.
Manufacturer Barbie has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls
In addition to Barbie with different skin colors, figures and hairstyles, Mattel has launched gender-neutral dolls.
Toys from the "Creatable World" series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie should have short hair or long hair.
Their wardrobe consists of both trousers and dresses.
In the blink of an eye, dolls can become boys from girls and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colours and with different clothes.
The emphasis on gender characteristics has also been abandoned - gender dolls no longer have full lips, long eyelashes and a slim waist or - in Ken's case - wide arms.
The company believes that children do not like their dolls having gender norms imposed, and some parents and feminists believe that toys made with a particular gender in mind inhibit girls' ambitions and reinforce traditional stereotypes.
"The new dolls will allow all children to feel free," Mattel says.
The Barbie doll, which came to market in 1959 in a swimsuit and high heel shoes, has been repeatedly criticised in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes," such as unnatural body proportions.
The company has responded to the criticism and has already launched dolls of different skin colors, as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls in the hijab.
Zandberg: Circle or Club Together could have a dozen MPs
Asked on ZET radio how many of his party's candidates could enter the Sejm from the lists of leftist parties (KW SLD, whose list includes candidates for the SLD, Spring and Left Together Sejm, running with the common logo "Left"), Zandberg replied that it depended on the outcome of the committee.
"I believe that the result of the Left will be very good because we feel that people have hope that the Left is not only right anymore, but also has strength," he said.
According to Zandberg, it follows that the left can have 60-80 members.
"This could mean that the Circle or Club Together will have a dozen MPs.
But it depends on Polish women and Poles.
I'm not going to guess and tell you how it's going to happen, "he said.
Asked if Left Together would have a separate circle, Zandberg replied: "We are arranged to be diverse, and we are not going to pretend that diversity doesn't exist.
I think that this diversity was rewarded by Poles, because we showed that by differing, we were able to agree on a common program. "
Asked if the biggest beneficiary of the joint run was Democratic Left Alliance leader Vladimir Czarzasty, Zandberg said he believed the biggest beneficiaries were center-left and left-wing voters.
Noting that it would be the SLD that would get the entire subsidy, he replied that "the purpose of a political party is to represent its voters."
Zandberg said he would vote for himself in the general election.
In the case of the Senate election, he indicated that he was considering it.
"The offer is diverse and there are candidates and candidates in this offer that my heart is closer to, but there are also those that my heart is further away from," he said.
"But let me be very honest and clear that if I were in District 44 of the Senate, I would take an election certificate and vote in another district," he stressed.
"I don't think I would be tempted to vote for Minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO candidate - PAP)," he added.
In this district, apart from Ujazdowski, the leader of the Polish Citizens Pawel Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from the Law and Justice party run.
Dakar: West Africa's largest mosque opens
Tens of thousands of people from across Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday for the inauguration of the huge mosque, believed to be the largest in West Africa.
Muslims arrived by bus, car and on foot to the Bopp district, where a new mosque with a capacity of 30,000 worshippers stood.
The building was built by the Mouride Brotherhood, part of the Sufi Islamic movement that dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began a decade ago in a six-hectare wetland area donated by the government.
The name Massalikul Jinan Mosque ("Paths to Paradise") comes from the title of a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the 19th century founder of the fraternity, revered by his followers as a saint.
The mosque is covered with Carrara marble and has five minarets.
The highest of them is 78 meters.
The mosque inside will accommodate 15,000 worshippers, and the second so many can stay on the outer esplanade.
In the richly finished interiors you can admire the gilded dome, giant chandeliers and decorations handmade by Moroccan workers.
Builders say the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the edifice still bears no comparison to mosques in other regions.
In Morocco, the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca can accommodate 105,000 worshippers.
The construction of the mosque, which cost more than EUR 30 million, was financed by private donations.
In addition to the land, the government has funded lighting, sanitation and road works worth EUR 10.5 million.
Coach Smyla: Our problem is not Silesia, but ourselves
The streak of eight league matches without a victory will be broken by the Crown players in Friday's meeting with the runners-up of the Silesian Premier League.
"Our problem is not Wroclaw, but ourselves, we have to work on what we play," emphasized coach Miroslaw Smyla.
The last and so far only victory in the league was recorded in the first round, when they defeated the Rams 1-0 on the road.
Later, the trolls recorded two draws and six losses, and on Tuesday they lost 1-0 to the Lubin Basin in the first round of the Polish Cup.
"It fills me with optimism that in the final seconds of the cup match the players were fighting for a goal, they wanted to draw.
Their fall to the turf after the final whistle was not due to a breakdown, it was a fall of anger because they were so close, "Smyla said.
As he noted, Silesia has very strong wings, so it will sensitize the team to playing in the side sectors of the pitch.
"We are aware of the quality of the opponent, but we are also looking at what we want to play."
Ognjen Gnjatic, who is sidelined for excess yellow cards, will certainly not play in Friday's match at the Crown. Jakub Zhubrowski and Michael Gardawski will also be missing from the squad with injuries.
However, it is encouraging to register in a cup match several players with a desire to play.
"We have a headache, recently it seemed like it wasn't going to be there, and now it is," Smyth said.
Crown defender Daniel Dziwniel stressed that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the streak of eight league matches in a row without a win, while in the Premier League anyone can win against anyone.
"We are a good team.
"We may not be showing that on the pitch in recent weeks, but there will come a point where we will be winning and we believe it will be on Friday."
After nine rounds of the Premier League, the Crown are in 15th place with five points.
Silesia has accumulated 12 more and is in second place.
Friday's game in Kielce starts at 8: 30 p.m.
These trees could completely disappear from Europe
"42 percent of the tree species that make up Europe's woodlands are threatened," the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) warns in its Red List of European Trees published on Friday.
At the top of the list are chestnut and rowan.
The IUCN, based in Gland, Switzerland, publishes a list of endangered European tree species for the first time.
It was drawn up by experts who, based on the study, concluded that of the 454 tree species found in Europe (and elsewhere in the world), 42 percent are "highly endangered."
Among the causes of the Red Paper are the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, the most endangered are those trees and shrubs that occur only or mainly on our continent.
As far as typical European trees are concerned, 58 percent of species are at risk, according to IUCN experts, and 15 percent, 66 species of trees and shrubs, are at risk of extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red Paper lists errors in the exploitation of trees, accelerated urbanisation, excessive felling of trees, followed by forest fires and changes in the European ecosystem.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also under serious threat.
"The consequences of human activity lead to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a threat to the extinction of important and underestimated varieties in Europe, which form the basis of European ecosystems and affect the health of our planet," concluded the report by Luc Bas, who heads the IUCN's European office.
Gregory Schetyna: I don't promise 600 +
"Today the Law and Justice party wants to bribe Poles by offering them a handout for freedom on a loan that future generations will have to pay off", says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview for "Rzeczpospolita".
In his opinion, "the whole policy of the Law and Justice party is a pic."
At the same time, the politician promises that "what is given will not be taken away."
Schetyna assures Jack Nizinkevich that he has an idea to defeat Law and Justice.
It is about mobilising the electorate at the ballot box.
In his opinion, the opposition has more potential in this area than Kaczynski's party.
"Today, there are more conscious people who want to live in a normal state than supporters of the Law and Justice party, a party that has betrayed proclaimed values such as modesty, humility, transparency," says Schetyna.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic Platform also marked the basic assumptions of the KO electoral programme.
"First of all, nothing that is given will be received, but we need to set the direction for the future, because the Law and Justice party deals only with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even from dramatically low investments", he said.
Secondly, it is about 'mobilising the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work reliably - and those who are enterprising'.
Schetyna explains that the KO program includes, among others, a project that will give the lowest earning Poles more money by 614 zlotys per hand, and more earners - also several hundred.
The politician also indicated that he did not want to race for handouts.
He will do as much as he can, he said, but he doesn't promise 600 +.
"I will never allow the Greek option, where the rulers bid with the opposition for handouts, until the financial collapse of the country finally took place," he stressed.
Schetyna also said in an interview that Jaroslaw Kaczynski and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate with him and Malgorzata Kidawa-Blonska.
"We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"Pride looms before the fall.
Kaczynski is such a statesman as Banas is crystal clear, "he added.
The leader of the Civic Platform also said that he has not yet decided whether he will run for the chairmanship of the Platform.
Argentina: Six dead great condors
Six large condors have been found dead in the Argentine province of Santa Cruz, TVN24 reports.
Experts believe that human activity contributed to their deaths.
Large condors are thought to have been poisoned with a means of killing predators such as cougars, foxes and wild dogs.
The animals may have eaten toxic carcasses.
Apart from one young individual, the rest of the dead condors were adults.
"This is a big loss to the environment because the condor needs to reach 10-15 years to become fertile and capable of reproduction.
So we are losing a protected species, an endangered species, "says Luis Jaccome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organization.
"I think the use of toxic bait and poison puts not only this species at risk, but all other forms of life, including human health," he adds.
'Rom ': They want a jewel for the president
Work has begun to grant the head of state a precious chain.
The idea was supported by Andrzej Duda's office - we read in 'Rzeczpospolita'.
As the newspaper explains, it is a gold chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insignia officially called the jewel of the Republic of Poland in the interwar period.
The last time it was used was probably by President Ignacy Moscicki.
"ROS" states that soon such a chain may end up on the shoulders of Andrzej Duda.
On Wednesday, the Senate Committee on Human Rights, the Rule of Law and Petitions passed a motion to amend the Orders and Distinctions Act to reinstate it.
The newspaper writes that this is also not the first attempt to restore this chain to the head of state.
The Senate had already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it was defeated by one vote.
This time the work is rapid.
At the beginning of August, the senators devoted a few minutes to the matter, believing that they would consult the Chancellery of the President.
This came in mid-September.
"I kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in this petition", wrote the presidential minister Andrzej Dera at the time.
On Wednesday, the matter was continued by the Senate committee and again devoted little time to the matter.
"The office of the President responded briefly to us: He is in favour of bringing it back," said the head of the commission, Robert Mamatov of the Law and Justice party, quoted by Rom.
He put forward a proposal for legislative work, which the committee supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through the intersection
The police action will be carried out, among others, at the intersection of Cieplinski Avenue and Pilsudski Avenue.
Uniformed actions are somehow related to recent complaints from the city authorities about drivers who are not always able to behave properly at the intersection.
On Friday, September 27, police officers begin preventive actions in Rzeszow "passable intersections".
The aim is to eliminate traffic congestion: Entering an intersection without the possibility of exit, not following traffic signals or road signs.
"We often think that we are alone at the intersection, and in fact we make life difficult for other drivers," Marek Ustrobinski, the city's vice president, said a few days ago.
His words resonated at a town hall press conference, where city officials presented examples of cars not moving properly at intersections, resulting in traffic jams.
At that time, the president appealed to travelers to be sensible on the road and, among other things, to move faster at traffic lights or not write text messages while driving.
The subject was somehow taken over by Rzeszow police officers, who from today begin the action of "passable intersections".
What is the point
The aim of the measures is to eliminate the phenomenon of limiting the passability at intersections by drivers entering them without the possibility of continuing driving.
This is a common offence that contributes to increasing traffic congestion and creating traffic jams.
It is punishable by a fine of PLN 300 and two penalty points.
In addition, uniformed officers will pay attention to non-compliance with traffic signals or road signs and incorrect parking in the area of intersections.
They will also observe a lack of fluidity of driving, late moving from under the sirens, slow crossing of intersections and leaving too long distances between vehicles.
At which intersections will the activities be carried out
Among others, on Lisa-Kuli Street from Jagiellonska Street; Cieplinskiego Avenue from Pilsudskiego Avenue; Targowa Street from Pilsudskiego Avenue; Sreniawit Square from Dabrowskiego Street or Hetmanska Street from Warsaw Insurgents Avenue.
Such actions in the capital of Podkarpacie will be carried out on the next Fridays of October.
They inspected the waste disposal company from "Czajka"
"On Friday, officials of the Department of Environmental Protection of the Wolomin County Office and the District Inspection of Construction Supervision inspected the installation in the municipality of Zielonka, where waste from the sewage treatment plant" Czajka "in Warsaw is disposed of," said Karol Szyszko, spokesman of the Wolomin Municipality.
Inspectors from the Wolomin starosta carried out an inspection in the plant located in the forests belonging to the municipality of Zielonka.
Private Trade and Transport Department "Dar-Trans", under the agreement with the capital sewage treatment plant "Czajka" provides bed waste management services.
"The inspection of the installation was carried out and the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his business," said Szyszko.
He added that the post-inspection report will be submitted, among others, to the Provincial Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw.
The last inspection in "Dar-Trans" was carried out by the Provincial Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw between 29 December 2015 and 11 February 2016.
At that time, it was determined that the company did not take samples, measurements and tests of groundwater, and did not have the results of tests of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the Czajka sewage treatment plant.
After the inspection of the VIA, Dariusz Sobota was called upon to stop violating the terms of the decision.
Private Trade and Transport Department "DAR-TRANS" Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies collecting waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the treatment plant "Czajka".
According to the decision to carry out waste disposal in the area of the excavation, waste weighing up to 60,000 tonnes per year is processed in forests near Zielonka.
The Warsaw Municipal Water Supply and Sewerage Company announced last Thursday that STUOS was taken out of service at the turn of November and December 2018, which was related to damage to one of the incinerator's equipment.
According to MPWiK, the monthly cost of their export is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01.01.2019 to 31.08.2019).
Lech Walesa supported Malgorzata Kidawa-Blonska.
"You have taken on a difficult task, you can count on my total support," Lech Walesa said to Marguerite Kidawy-Blonska on Friday.
"Mr President, these are very important words for me", replied the candidate of the Civic Coalition for Prime Minister, the leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president stressed that as far as the situation in Poland is concerned, he is now "only a retired fan".
On Friday, Malgorzata Kidawa-Blonska met with former President Lech Walesa in his office at the European Solidarity Centre in Gdansk.
A short conversation behind closed doors was also attended by Walesa's son Jaroslaw.
"You took on a difficult task," Lech Walesa said after the meeting.
"You can count on my total support," he added.
"The problems before Poland are known to all of us.
Therefore, it is a great hope that you, as a woman, will deal with these problems, and all of us - those who love Poland - will support your actions as much as possible ", said the former president, addressing Kidawy-Blonska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Blonska thanked for her support.
"Mr. President, these are very important words to me, because no one like you can talk about freedom, about the Constitution, and know how important it is," she said.
"Let's show that you can do different, smart politics together, but according to the Constitution, according to the law, according to respect for others.
You did your revolution in this way, and we want to change Poland in this way ", emphasized Kidawa-Blonska.
Fan in retirement
Speaking to reporters, Walsh said he was now "just a retired fan."
"Of course I'm looking at it.
I hope that we turn things around, that what was good, proven, (we) come back to that.
The separation of powers is the most important, the constitution is the most important, the courts are necessary.
And all this needs to be read, all this needs to be restored to normal operation, and I believe that this time we will do it.
Because if not, we will face a street criterion ", said Lech Walesa.
"That is why it is so important for Poles to go to the elections, reflect and make their own decision.
And that's the most important thing, "Kidawa-Blonska added.
"The last chance that we will improve the state of affairs in Poland with a card", the former president replied.
'we need to build a new foundation'
Asked about the most important changes that should take place in Poland, Kidawa-Blonska said: "The president said very well.
We need to build anew the foundation on which we can do all the other things.
If the separation of powers does not exist, if the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and so that everyone knows that otherwise Poland will not move a step forward '.
Me volleyball players: Slovenia - Poland 3-1 in the semi-finals.
On hot ground in Ljubljana, Polish volleyball players clashed with Slovenes in the semi-finals of the European Championships.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussions with the referees, with Polish coach Vital Heynen in the lead role.
The White Sox lost 3-1 and will play for the bronze medal.
Senate decides on key bills
The Senate passed, without amendment, a bill to disclose the assets of the families of top government officials and to fly the most important people in the country.
52 senators voted in favour of the amendment to the Act on the Family Estate of State Officials - without amendments - 14 were against, three abstained.
Thus, the senators decided to reject 12 amendments tabled during Wednesday's debate by Senator Slawomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were intended to "civilize" the law and limit the scope of information provided in the statement about the financial situation of own children, children of the spouse, children adapted to cases in which children remain in the same household with the person obliged to make a statement.
The Act on the disclosure of the assets of the families of the most important state officials, the draft of which was created in the office of the Prime Minister, was passed by the Sejm on 11 September.
The provisions stipulate that, among others, the Prime Minister, ministers, MPs, MEPs, senators, presidents of the Constitutional Tribunal, the Supreme Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as persons at the head of other state institutions, will be obliged to include information on the personal property of spouses, children and persons in common life in the declaration of assets.
The Senate also did not propose amendments to the Flight of the Most Important People Act.
It regulates which flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government aircraft along with the most important people in the country.
The Act also specifies who is responsible for keeping the Central Register of Flights.
The bill - without amendments - was supported by 55 senators, 12 were against and four abstained.
According to the law, every flight of the president will be a flight "performed on an official mission".
On the flights, the president will be able to be accompanied by family members and other people invited by the president.
On the other hand, the flight in the official mission of the Prime Minister and the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate will only be a flight "for the purpose of carrying out tasks directly related to the function performed".
The law also specifies a list of people who can accompany the most important people in the country on a flight.
According to the regulations, on board the aircraft may be members of the delegation - invited deputies, senators, representatives of public authorities and experts; persons providing technical, medical or organizational services; as well as journalists.
According to the Act, in the event of doubts related to the flights of the marshals of the Sejm and the Senate, the head of the NPR will ask for their clarification.
If such doubts are not clarified within the allotted time, the head of the NPR will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or the Senate of the impossibility of organizing such a flight.
New representative from sport
Waldemar Paluch appointed his representative for physical culture, sport and tourism.
It was Artur Swiatek, longtime president of the AZS PWSTE Jaroslaw University Club, for the last 4 years director of the Office of the Rector of Jaroslaw University.
Photo: Bartholomew Pacek Artur Swiatek has recently been heavily involved in the basketball reactivation project in Jaroslaw.
Artur Swiatek is not an anonymous figure in the Jaroslaw sports community.
A graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biala Podlaska since 2002, he has been an instructor at the State Higher School of Technology and Economics in Jaroslaw, and for 15 years he has been the president
Poles, after their first training session in Paris, are waiting for their last rival
Polish volleyball players held their first training session in Paris on Friday, where they will compete in the bronze medal match on Saturday.
Vital Heynen's men closed their way to winning the title with a 3-1 defeat to Slovenia in Ljubljana on Thursday.
There was a lot of talk about their problems with travelling to this match.
This time it was without such problems - on Friday morning they went with the Slovenes charter to Paris, and a few hours later they had training in the famous Bercy hall.
According to reports from those present, the world champion coach was upset.
As Heynen's assistant Michal Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not just to practice volleyball elements.
"We went to the arena, but for the most part it was a time for the team.
The idea was to spend it together rather than train.
Talk, think about how to rebuild it all as a team, "he recounted.
He confirmed the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the coaching staff.
"We were brutally brought down to earth.
Without a doubt, we are disappointed.
We still believed we would get back to that game.
We discussed this match with each other in the staff, the coach talked a lot with the players.
I would point to inefficiency in attack and much worse than usual handling situational balls as the two main reasons for the defeat.
The Slovenes were much better than us in this respect, "he analysed.
In his opinion, the "red and white" did not stand in the way of the stress of performing against the co-hosts of the tournament, supported by a loud and large audience.
Instead, he conceded that the world champions might have put a bit of a smooth road to the semi-finals to bed.
"Maybe if we had a similar defeat in the group stage, we would have analysed that lesson more quickly and then played differently later in the tournament.
But it's just guessing, "he cautioned.
Gogol is hoping to turn the anger over Thursday's defeat into aggression in the bronze medal game.
"I hope we show our true face then.
There's a lot to fight for.
We recently won the ME medal in 2011 ", he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city and France the third country visited by Poles during this championship.
In the group stage, they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, went to Apeldoorn for the first two group stage matches, and moved to Ljubljana for the semi-finals.
Nick Kyrgios: Severe but suspended penalty
The Australian tennis player was handed a 16-week ban and fined $25,000 - in a six-month suspension - for reprehensible words, gestures and actions at recent ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour activists are losing patience with Kyrgios, but still give him a chance to improve.
The summary of the misdeeds of the most uncouth professional tennis player in recent years looks threatening - a 16-week break plus a sizeable fine, but still both penalties are suspended for six months - a trial period in which a recalcitrant athlete can improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24 years old, but he has been working out for a long time and has earned a kind of tennis world record - he has had to pay the highest single financial penalty in the history of the sport for violating the rules of conduct on and off the court.
Loud curses, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike behavior, insulting the referee and spectators, breaking two rackets during his loss to Karen Khachanov - all of which he paid $113,000 for after the ATP Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati in August.
He didn't play long at the 2019 U. S. Open either, but he managed to say publicly that ATP officials were "corrupt," which hurt the organization so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation into Kyrgios and gave the aforementioned verdict of suspension and another fine a few weeks later.
However, he was forgiven for his words about corruption after listening to the accused and learning the context of the statement.
In a statement, however, tennis officials said that the investigation found that Kyrgios' behavior over the past 12 months had raised serious concerns in many cases and was an almost constant violation of the rules that he constantly insulted tournament officials and spectators in a vulgar manner, hence the heavy punishment.
However, the ATP gave him five days to appeal and immediately postponed his sentence, ordering him to meet several conditions over the next six months. In ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour tournaments, Kyrgios can no longer violate the rules of the professional tennis code of conduct in any way, in particular, he can no longer curse, destroy rackets, argue with referees and the public, or otherwise behave obscenely and profanely.
He was also advised to seek "ongoing support" from mental coaches during tournaments and also consult with people in the off-season who specialise in solving problems of athletes who cannot cope with the right behaviour.
Nick Kyrgios' first comment (on social media) on the verdict was: "Hey everyone, I can still play.
I just have to control my behaviour, that's all. '
In practice, the Australian will still have at least a two-week break as his shoulder injury worsened in the Laver Cup, so he had to give up his next starts in Beijing (September 30-October 6) and Shanghai (October 6-13).
Kyrgios is ranked 27th in the ATP rankings.
This year he won two tournaments - in Washington and Acapulco, he made more than $1.3 million, so even after the fines he will have a lot left.
GUS: Life is getting better in Poland
According to the report on household budgets published by CSO on Friday, 44 percent of them assessed their material situation as good or rather good last year.
A year earlier, this percentage was 37.2 percent, in 2016 33.5 percent, and before that - since 2009, when the statistical office first examined subjective assessments of the situation of households - it had never exceeded 30 percent.
A total of 8.1 percent of households considered their financial situation to be bad or rather bad last year, compared to 11.2 percent a year earlier and more than 20 percent in 2009.
The best is the material situation of households of self-employed people.
In this group, more than 70 percent of respondents consider it good or rather good.
At the other extreme are pensioner households, where the percentage of such responses was only 18 percent.
The subjective assessment of the material situation of households is also strongly influenced by the number of children.
Single parents are the worst off, of whom 32 percent declare a good or rather good material situation.
Among couples with children, this percentage varies (depending on the number of children) from 55 to 60 percent, and among childless households it is 48.8 percent.
These statistics clearly show the effect of the 500 + programme.
Before it was launched (in 2016), the worst financial situation was assessed by single parents and large families (with at least three children).
The improvement of subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles is a reflection of the rapid increase in income, especially from work.
However, that is not all, because the percentage of households that consider their situation to be good is increasing faster than real incomes.
What is more, at the level of voivodships there is no clear relationship between the level of income and the assessment of material conditions of households.
The best ratings are formulated by the inhabitants of the Opolskie Voivodeship, where 48.9 percent of the respondents consider their situation to be good or rather good.
Lubuskie (47.7 percent), Silesian (47.6 percent), Mazovian (47.3 percent) and Zachodniopomorskie (47.1 percent) voivodships are next.
Meanwhile, in Opole disposable income (i.e. after paying taxes and contributions) amounted to less than 94% of the national average last year, and in Lubuskie 98%.
The inhabitants of Mazowiecki (120 percent of the national average) and Silesia (104 percent) had the highest incomes.
On average, disposable income per person in Poland amounted to PLN 1,693 in 2018.
In real terms (after adjusting for the impact of price changes) it increased by 4.3% compared to 2017.
Compared to previous years, this is quite a low result.
Per capita income rose 7 percent in 2016 and 6.3 percent a year later.
Although revenue growth is slowing, it is also hampering spending growth.
Those per person amounted to PLN 1187 last year, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7 percent.
This is the first such case since 2013.
Spending per person increased by 1.9 percent in real terms in 2017 and 4.3 percent in 2016.
Surveys of household budgets suggest that a statistical household now spends 70.1 percent of its disposable income, while as recently as 2014 the share exceeded 80 percent and by 2006 it was above 90 percent.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a translucent blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed show of the brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Unfortunately, her outfit was not successful.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is the wife of sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in activities for women, for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in the public relations industry with such companies as PZU, Red Bull and Bayer.
As a journalist, she worked for TVP1, TVN Style, Wizja Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book "Mom and Dad Are Us," in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0 to 3.
She was involved in a number of projects aimed at supporting active women.
Its managed actions include the "Network of Entrepreneurial Women", the "Lodge of Business Women", the "Association of Women's Congress" and "Make Up Buisness".
Privately, she is married to Maciej Kurzajewski, a television presenter and sports journalist.
The couple have two sons, Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in a closed show of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Natasha Urbanska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also went to the event.
The intimate show could not have taken place without a wall where the stars boasted about their outfits.
Unfortunately, photographers caught a blatant mistake by Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman wore a white top under a black shirt that shone heavily through her.
Us: Three suicides among carrier crew
Three sailors committed suicide aboard the USS George H. W. Bush last week, the U. S. Navy said.
In the last two years, a total of five crew members have been killed.
The previous suicide took place in July of that year, and the previous one in November 2017.
According to CNN, all three sailors shot themselves last week.
Each incident occurred on land when the USS George H. W. Bush was moored off the coast of Virginia.
So far, the participation of third parties has been excluded.
Moreover, deaths are not to be linked to each other.
"We need everyone to get involved in putting forward suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to stress that there is no stigma or other repercussions associated with seeking help, "Capt. Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, wrote on Facebook.
Niesiolowski was critical of the Pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Leksycki Stefan Niesiolowski emphasized that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"In fact, his every opinion was accepted."
There was later criticism of some of his actions.
"For me, the fact that John Paul II could not liquidate the harmful activity of Rydzyk casts a great shadow over his pontificate.
After all, this Redemptorist - a pest of the Church and Poland - developed his media in the best way during the life of the Polish pope ', he explained.
The former politician of the Civic Platform admitted: 'There were murmurs of discontent, the pope said something, once Rydzyk did not accept it, but he had power and for politicking he could simply throw him out of the Church or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to raise money for the poor there.
However, John Paul II did not do it, nor did his successors', Niesiolowski explained.
"Besides, there was this terrible issue of pedophilia and actions of the Church, or rather their lack.
I ran out thinking a little bit ahead, but I wanted to draw attention to his whole life.
We have known about the scale of pedophilia in the Church relatively recently.
The question arises as to how it is possible that John Paul II, being the head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting matters', says Niesiolowski in an interview with a journalist.
In the opinion of the former politician of the Civic Platform, the Polish Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
"It must be admitted that during the period of Solidarity the Church was our most important ally.
All the celebrations began with Mass, crosses hung everywhere.
Now these crosses are written, they have become a symbol of dictatorship - a sign of the writing regime.
I repeat: One of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk are shaking the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing about it and that today the Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which he will have to pay dearly ", argued Niesiolowski.
"I hope that Pope Francis will chase Jedraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others of this kind," he concluded.
Hrubieszow: Tomorrow marks the 590th anniversary of the district
There will be gala concerts and auctions.
The jubilee gala will take place in the Hrubieszow House of Culture.
First, Mass will begin at 10 a.m. in St. Nicholas Church.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30am in HDK.
The Hrubieszow Land Song and Dance Ensemble will perform.
Young people from I LO named after Stanislaw Staszic will present a performance entitled "Hrubieszowski County: Hence my family - I live here".
Then the medals "Meritorious to Hrubieszowski County" will be presented.
At 4 p.m., the event will move to the city promenade, where concerts "Hrubieszow charity for Angelika Zinkiewicz" will take place.
Disco polo bands NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and the star of the evening Mig will play.
There will be auctions, including feathers and porcelain of the Prime Minister.
The CPSC is showering penalties for brawls in stadiums.
Griffin disqualified
The Polish Cup clash between griffin Wejherowo and Lechia Gdansk by a small hair did not end tragically, when a race fired by fans from Wejherowo by millimeters passed the goalkeeper of the opposing team, Zlatan Alomerovic.
After this incident, the match was abandoned for 20 minutes.
The CPSU committee investigating the case imposed a harsh penalty on Griffin, ruling him out of future games.
The club will not be allowed to compete in the 2020 / 2021 Polish Cup.
In addition, fans will not be allowed to enter their own stadium in the next match.
They will also not be allowed to travel in groups for league matches until December 31.
The brothels at the Widzew Lodz stadium were also caused by fans of Silesia Wroclaw.
Here, however, the verdict of the Polish United Workers' Party was milder, because Silesia warned that similar events could occur and sensitized the relevant authorities in this matter.
Nevertheless, the services allowed the sector of Lodz fans to be pelted with flares, chairs to be set on fire and the host sector to be pushed through.
This match was abandoned for eight minutes and the intervening police had to use a water cannon.
The CPSC punished Silesia with a one-off stadium ban in the next match in the Polish Cup and banned travel to matches in this and the next edition of the PP.
The ban on travel also extended to Ekstraklasa league matches, but there it will last until 31 December.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to replace the signage across the entire managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszow
In Podkarpacie, the implementation of the amendment to the regulation of the Ministry of Infrastructure on, among others, writing the names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish has begun.
For example, "Lviv" will appear next to "L'viv".
In our province, the changes will be introduced on 94 road signs placed at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it is supposed to be easier, clearer and simpler.
The new guidelines result from the amendment of the Regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety equipment.
"We should remember that the names of towns in neighbouring countries often also have a Polish sound.
Thanks to the change in the law that we have prepared, they will finally appear on the signposts on our roads.
The introduction of the new signage begins with the Podkarpackie section of the A4 motorway ", informed the Minister of Infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpacie, the changes will be introduced on 94 road signs placed next to the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total investment cost
$200,000.
First of all, the new signage will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is planned by 1 November 2019.
What is the implementation of the idea
It will be done without replacing the boards, on the basis of stickers.
They will replace the currently functioning place names with new ones written in Polish on already existing signs.
Both names will be written in one line - first in Polish and then in the original, in parentheses.
This will make it much easier for people who do not know the spelling of the names of foreign cities in the language of the country in which they are located.
Feel the game with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announced Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, the world's first haptic-powered headset for Xbox One.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and better control of the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lopelt, a German company specializing in creating advanced haptic technologies for a realistic tactile experience.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and intelligent digital signal processing to generate high-resolution tactile feedback in real time, giving you the ability to fully immerse yourself in any Xbox One game.
The technology recognizes sound signals and transforms them into dynamic vibrations, so players can empathize with the gameplay without having to install additional software.
Thanks to the use of the sense of touch, sound signals can accurately mimic the actions in the game.
Razer HyperSense recreates events - from quiet steps to powerful explosions, accurately reflecting all the activities around the player.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One is designed to give all players an extra dimension of gameplay.
With HyperSense, we allow them to completely immerse themselves in their favorite titles, "said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President for Razer peripherals.
The rotating earmuffs are equipped with cushions filled with foam with shape memory and a layer of cooling gel to reduce the heat generated during long use.
For even easier operation of the headphones, there is a quick mute button on the retractable microphone, and a HyperSense intensity regulator and a balance slider between game and chat on the headphone housing.
The headband self-adapting to the shape of the head ensures a smooth and accurate fit.
In addition, the Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One features Xbox Wireless, which allows you to connect directly to your console without the need for a wireless transceiver, allowing you to easily and quickly set up.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic for a more realistic sound.
Razer Nari Ultimate, originally intended for PC, debuted in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was priced at 219.99 euros.
Someone shot a swan with an air rifle
In the pond in Zameczno in Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan with problems with its wings.
After catching and visiting a veterinarian, it turned out that someone had set up a cell from the animal - a shot from an air rifle was found in his body.
"Information about the injured bird was received from the villagers of the Wild Animal Rehabilitation Centre in Nowa Sola.
According to the report, the animal had broken wings.
We went to the place.
It was immediately clear that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely so as not to harm him and not to expose him to additional stress.
The swan was caught and taken to a veterinarian.
After the first X-ray image, it was already known that someone had made a shooting shield out of it.
There were shrapnel shrapnel in his body ", says Marcin Walasek, President of Malpol, which manages, among others, a rehabilitation centre.
Overwintering at the resort
"The wounds have been cleaned, the bird has been given antibiotics, access to water has been provided, a safe place in the centre where it will spend the whole winter.
We are trying to strengthen it.
He is unable to fly at the moment.
Releasing it now would involve the fact that it would probably not have survived the winter, "Walasek adds.
Staff plan to release the swan into the same pond in the spring after undergoing rehabilitation.
After receiving information about the cause of the animal's ill health, the authorities of Zhukowice Municipality intend to inform the prosecutor's office about the case.
The incident took place in Zameczno
Gowin: 'We must stimulate Polish small trades'
"Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, it will be necessary to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade", said Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education, leader of the Agreement Jaroslaw Gowin.
During an interview in "Signals of the Day" on Radio Jedynka, Gowin stated that trade is overrun by international networks that impose such low margins on Polish producers that Polish companies cannot actually develop.
Noting that it is very difficult to fight this problem, the deputy prime minister reminded that the government of the Law and Justice party tried to face it at the very beginning of the term of office, but got a 'counter-attack from the European Commission'.
"We have won before the court of justice and I hope that if the United Right wins the next election and formulates the government, we will come back to that subject," he said.
At the same time, he noted that "effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish, i.e. small trade".
"It will be necessary to consider whether the government, the state, has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade", said Gowin.
In May, an EU court ruled that the European Commission had made a mistake in finding that the Polish retail tax was illegal public aid.
The Retail Sales Tax Act provided for the introduction of two trade tax rates: 0.8% on revenue between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4% on revenue above PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was due to take effect from September 2016.
In September 2016, the European Commission opened an investigation into Poland's violation of EU law.
Brussels argued at the time that the design of the tax could favour smaller shops, which could be seen as public aid.
She went on to say that the levy was implemented unlawfully.
It also issued an order suspending the use of the tax until officials in Brussels had completed their analysis.
Poland did not agree with this position, but the tax collection was suspended.
The EU court's decision in May paved the way for the reintroduction of the tax, but it did not end the case.
On 24 July, the Commission appealed to the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the press services of the CJEU told PAP that the case is currently at a written stage, in which both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
It is not yet known whether or when the oral procedure will begin, that is, the hearing of the parties and a possible hearing.
It takes a good few to several months from the appeal to the announcement of the judgment.
"Such proceedings take an average of one year", a source at the Court in Luxembourg told PAP.
How to dress a child for baptism
We suggest some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of an infant and his parents.
It is often the first occasion when the whole family gathers around the child, celebrating his appearance in the world together.
No wonder the fresh-faced mum and dad want their kids to look their best on the day.
However, before you also make the final decision about your child's outfit, consider whether it will also be comfortable.
In the shops you can find many steep sets that do not provide the toddler with adequate comfort.
So what should I pay attention to
The basic criterion for choosing clothes for baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, several weeks old toddlers were baptized, dressed in white sets and inserted into the same barrels or large pillows.
Today, children receiving the sacrament are often older: Several months, one year or even bigger.
It is not difficult to guess that such a great comfort needs a slightly different dress for baptism.
Therefore, if your child is 3-4 months old on the day of baptism, he will probably spend the ceremony in a pram or in the hands of his parents or godparents.
The best solution will therefore be to decorate it with comfortable cotton sleeping bags or sets.
Although this item of clothing is considered an everyday outfit, just search for its festive variants, for example with frill or lace.
For the boy, a body printed with flies and braces will be ideal.
In the case of older children, you can afford to have more fantasy in your clothes.
The little girl will look cute in a simple tulle dress
Many parents of girls look longingly at the richly decorated, frilly dresses for baptism complete with cloaks, headbands and hats.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-breathable materials for their production, in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In search of the right clothes, it will be better to look at the Asanti for Kids store, which offers elegant outfits on cotton lining.
Delicate tulle skirts, satin dresses, lace, applications and adorable sets will make your daughter look beautiful and comfortable.
The perfect outfit for a little gentleman: A cotton suit
Until recently, there was a fashion among the parents of boys for suits that were a copy of "adult" models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, stiff collars and caskets often made young elegant people loudly demonstrate their discontent.
Today, fortunately, they have been replaced by comfortable cotton sets.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for Kids, which are soft, tracksuit shorts, and a blouse decorated at the front on the pattern of a vest.
These outfits look extremely festive, and at the same time do not restrict the movements of a toddler getting to know the world.
Krystyna Pawlowicz published a statement of assets
Krystyna Pawlowicz made a declaration of assets at the end of her term of office.
It shows that the MP of the Law and Justice party accumulated 110 thousand zlotys of savings.
Let us remind that Pawlowicz announced her departure from politics.
At the end of his term of office, he has the amount of PLN 110,000.
According to the statement made by the MP, she collects a monthly pension worth PLN 4.7 thousand.
Pavlovich owns a flat worth £570,000 and a slightly smaller one, which he rents out, charging £880 a month.
The MP also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at PLN 150,000.
Earlier, Jaroslaw Kaczynski also published a declaration of assets.
Vote to adjourn for Conservative Party conference
British MPs have voted against a three-day Commons recess in time for the Conservative Party's annual programme conference, as requested by the government.
289 MPs voted in favour, 306 against.
It is customary for the House of Commons not to sit at party conferences, so that MPs do not have to resign from them or from parliamentary sessions.
However, opposition parties have decided that Parliament should not stop sitting at such a crucial time as the last few weeks before the UK is due to leave the European Union on 31 October.
The government's motion for a recess was supported by 289 MPs and 306 against.
Two opposition parties after the conventions
The failure to agree to a recess could be seen as a political vendetta by the opposition against Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend Parliament for five weeks (the decision was ruled unlawful and non-existent by the Supreme Court on Tuesday) and for refusing to apologise for it after the judges ruled.
After that ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday, with the highlight of the day being Johnson's speech and the ensuing heated debate.
Mr Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding an early election.
'it's time to deliver Brexit.
It must be implemented in order to respect the result of the referendum.
Brexit needs to come so we can get on with the deal on people's priorities, on the health service, on the cost of living.
Brexit must be delivered so we can unite this country, "Mr Johnson said.
The Conservative Party conference is due to start in Manchester next Sunday and run until Wednesday 2 October.
The conferences of the two main opposition parties - Labour and the Liberal Democrats - have already taken place.
One of the justifications given by Johnson in explaining such a long suspension of Parliament was party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
"President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders", write foreign media.
A spokesman for the president strongly denied the reports.
"That's just not true," Blaze Spychalski tweeted.
Israeli media, including Haaretz and the Jerusalem Post, citing Jewish Insider, write that Andrzej Duda, during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora in the Polish consulate in New York, stated that Israel was to blame for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland was a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to Israeli Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who said in February that "Poles will suck anti-Semitism with breast milk."
Andrzej Duda said he regretted that Israel had not apologized for the humiliating statements of its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression against the Polish ambassador to Israel Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by an attacker who shouted: "Pole, Pole."
"The quote is not only inaccurate.
This is simply not true, "Blazej Spychalski tweeted.
He stressed that Duda "never said that Israel was responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
According to Spychalski, the portal "invented it".
According to the interviewees, during the meeting there was also a dispute between the Holocaust survivor, awarded the Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland Edward Mosberg and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg would agree with President Duda's words and say that Jews from Israel "like Israel Katz" are responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to sources, Boteach interrupted Mosberg's speech.
Who is Banas and what is he at fault for
The tenement house rented by the pimps led the journalist to discover negligence in Marian Banasia's property statements.
We sum up another scandal that has rocked the ruling camp.
Journalists of TVN 'Supervisor' revealed that Marian Banas, the president of the Supreme Chamber of Control, has not entered into the property statement of the 400-metre tenement house, which is located in Krakow's Podgorze.
What's more, his subtenant was supposed to run a sex business in the aforementioned tenement house (so rent rooms for hours).
The building itself, on the other hand, has allegedly been a loan repayment security since 2016.
Bertold Kittel pointed out the irregularities in the "Supervisor" program.
The journalist revealed that the tenement house was rented from Banas by people associated with the criminal world to use as a place of "erotic encounters".
The clients were to be men using the services of prostitutes.
Banas responded vaguely and murkily to the allegations.
Interestingly, the tenement house rented by the pimps led the journalist to discover negligence in Banasia's property statements.
The house itself was described vaguely in them, and the income from its rental was to be understated.
"The estate of Marian Banasia and his wife can be worth between 6 and 8 million PLN.
In total, spouses can boast two houses, three apartments, savings [...] ", writes Money. PL.
And according to the analysis of the portal, the Banasia tenement house itself was worth about PLN 3 million.
The Central Anti-Corruption Bureau is currently conducting a review of Marian Banasia's financial statements for the years 2015-2019.
Mr Banas said he would suspend his activities at the National Audit Office until it was completed. "I will apply to the Speaker for unpaid leave," he asserted.
The opposition is demanding clarification.
"We are not hearing from the CBA to expand its investigation or expedite the examination of Marian Banas' financial statements.
Therefore, we are forced to replace the organs of the state and report on the possibility of committing a crime [...] "- said PO-KO MP Mariusz Witczak.
"If a normal Pole valued the rental of his properties so grossly low, he would already have 10 inspections, tax additions and criminal and fiscal proceedings," he added.
Went high, fell low
Marian Banas is the new president of the Supreme Chamber of Control.
He was appointed to the position on August 30, 2019, for a six-year term.
His candidacy was submitted by the Law and Justice party and accepted by the votes of the party's politicians.
Previously, Banas was associated with the National Audit Office from 1992 to 2005, he was active in this institution as a collaborator of Lech Kaczynski.
During the first reign of the Law and Justice party (2005-2008), Banas held the position of President of the Customs Service and Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015, he has been on the stool of the head of the Customs Service again, and since 2017 he has managed the National Revenue Administration.
Banas served for three months as finance minister in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki.
Cooler Master launches graphics card holder
Graphics cards can now weigh a lot, and this naturally makes room for categories of products that would have been in vain to look for on store shelves a decade ago.
This is the solution - the handle for the ELV8 RGB graphics card - presented by Cooler Master.
The new handle model for the graphics card is not only a functional solution that allows for more reliable maintenance of the graphics card without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-Express slot.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task - decorative.
'Rzeczpospolita ': Ignoring a police officer's order will be punished
According to the newspaper, flouting an order of specific behaviour issued by a police officer is to be a new type of offence, punishable by a fine, arrest or restriction of freedom.
Such a change is wanted by police trade unionists.
The idea went to the Sejm Committee on Petitions.
"The case is serious because already every year more than half a million misdemeanor cases are referred to Polish courts", we read.
The Republic of Poland has established that the petition that the Independent Police Union is writing to MPs to amend the Code of Misdemeanors has a chance of success.
The petitioners propose a new wording of Article 54a of the Code of Misdemeanors.
It would read: "Anyone who does not comply with the request or order of a public official, issued within the limits and under the provisions of the Act, shall be subject to arrest, fine or restriction of liberty."
"Paragraph 3 of this provision provides for an identical penalty for those who do not follow orders, prevent or impede the performance of business activities," the journal states.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told Rzeczpospolita that although he agreed with the main message of the proposed provision, he feared that if it was implemented, it could be used in matters of political demonstrations.
"In situations of freedom demonstrations, this would be detrimental and, instead of mitigating the situation, would even exacerbate it," he adds.
Statistics provided by the newspaper show that 86 percent of citizens gave a positive assessment of police interventions in 2018 and that services make 1.5 million interventions in the city each month.
Buras worries about Europe
Jriptych Topol's writing has in his blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators, writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important post-war Czech playwrights, today mentioned in a row with Vfislav Havel.
From the beginning, therefore, there was a curse of talent hanging over Jskim, which he is trying to use.
Eight years later, he returned with a "sensitive man."
The protagonists are Buras and Soposia, along with their two sons, who do not form a typical Czech family.
They are wandering actors, traveling around Europe.
He's a lover of Shakespeare and a thief, she's a one-eyed translator who doesn't part with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys has not made a sound of himself since birth, and for the other time he stopped in infancy.
But it is not the heroes who are the most important in this story.
All of them are just a background to observe a world where there is no longer any place for artistic nomads.
It is a world of clogged provinces, a society of old, suspicious people and dissolute young people.
"Sensitive Man" turns into an absurd theatre in places.
The narrative mimics didaskala, and the conversations of the characters create this world.
The stage is a Europe full of fears for its future, but also constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancels 105 flights due to Thomas Cook bankruptcy
Although the British travel agency Thomas Cook collapsed, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann operates.
However, the company has problems.
According to VRT, Brussels Airlines announced that it would cancel 105 flights in October due to problems related to Thomas Cook's bankruptcy.
Neckermann also laid off 75 workers.
All trips with an office booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but holidaymakers will be able to receive a refund.
The Ghent court also declared the bankruptcy of three Belgian subsidiaries: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, about 12,000 Belgians are abroad on trips bought from Thomas Cook.
Another 40,000 people were expected to leave the office by the end of the year.
Later on Monday, Thomas Cook Belgium spokeswoman Leen Segers said the company was now "fully operational" despite the British parent company filing for bankruptcy, which caused concern among employees and customers.
At the time, the office reassured customers who had bought trips there that they would go on holiday.
Thomas Cook - the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies in the world - filed for bankruptcy on Sunday night.
The immediate cause of the bankruptcy was the collapse of last-ditch talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
Creditors have demanded that, in addition to the £900m rescue plan agreed in August, the company should raise an additional £200m as collateral for the winter period, when travel agents tend to have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems have been growing for several years, resulting in debt amounting to £1.6 billion.
Michael Kubiak after the match against Slovenia (1-3).
"I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
We were the ones who played very poorly.
This tournament is not over for us yet ", said Polish volleyball captain Michal Kubiak after losing 3-1 to Slovenia in the semi-finals of the European Championships.
Gjedrlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for your review
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion - such an unusual offer was prepared for German newcomers Gwierz rlitz.
The measures are intended to help combat the ongoing decline in the city's population.
Gjirlitz is the easternmost city in Germany.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140,000 tourists every year.
However, according to The Guardian, the city is facing significant problems.
In Gjirlitz there are the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with a steady decline in population.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them left for the west of the country, resulting in a 25 percent decline in the city's population.
In 2013, it reached 54,000 people.
In an attempt to combat depopulation, officials came up with the idea to start offering free monthly accommodation in the city.
So far, 150 applications have been submitted to the programme.
Two-thirds of them were made up of residents of large cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom were also interested in the program.
"When we applied, we thought the program was going to convince people to move to Gjrlitz," one of the project participants said.
"Now we feel it doesn't matter if we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has 7,000 vacant homes and unemployment is three times higher than the national average.
While city officials hope some will move permanently, the main goal of the program is to get feedback from participants.
The information gathered from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revive smaller German cities.
"We want to know more about what people need and, if they decide to move, what their motivation was," said Robert Knippschild, who was in charge of the program.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents by offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals to live and work in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy or in the American state of Tulsa in Oklahoma.
