Father Józef Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He is a charismatic.
For the masses he celebrated. for release and healing attract crowds.
He was several years old when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, others experience it through a Franciscan.
For Masses celebrated by Father Witko for release and healing attract crowds
Once, parents of a 7-month-old child who had a hole of 7.5 mm in their heart came to him.
It was to be operated.
Father Józef Witko prayed for him.
On the same day the boy was taken to hospital for surgery.
Astonished doctors said: "No surgery is needed, the defect is only 1.5 mm."
Parents were crying with happiness.
After another Franciscan prayer, the hole disappeared completely.
He began to experience the extraordinary activities of the Creator as a teenager.
In his dreams, purgatory souls came to him asking for help.
I was awakened at night and urged to pray for the dead and those who were dying at the moment - he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what was happening to a man who commits a mortal sin.
"My body started to change.
I lost human qualities and began to take on the appearance of an animal, "he says.
An invisible force lifted him up, he couldn't speak.
He felt lost.
Then God showed him help.
"Immersed in the waters of the river symbolizing baptism, I was released and returned to human form ...", he says.
He didn't tell anyone about these strange experiences.
A vocation matured in him.
He was 16 years old when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons, he not only wanted to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience Him alive.
Members of the charismatic community of Renewal in the Holy Spirit
Many people who count on getting rid of the disease participate in healing masses celebrated by Father Witko.
The clergyman emphasizes, however, that their main goal is spiritual, not physical healing.
The first defeat of Kolping FRAC Jaroslaw
This afternoon (September 26) this year the Kolping FRAC team has deservedly succumbed to their current Polish champion Dartom Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki as part of the 3rd round of the LOTTO Table Tennis Superliga.
Jarosław in such a personal statement, which they presented with the city residents, have little chance of winning with league sovereigns.
This duel was clearly demonstrated by the duel with Bogomia.
The team still lacks a team leader Chen Jingqi.
Perhaps with Jarosław's team they would reach for the third consecutive triumph in the new season.
Young Asian Qiyao Han has not yet grown up to win with such big men as Greek Panagiotis Gionis or Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most promising Poles, namely Marek Badowski.
The player from Hellas was the biggest star of the duel in the MOSiR hall at ul. Sikorski in Jaroslaw.
Both in the clash with Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei was in a class of their own.
After three matches Kolping FRAC led 2: 1.
Kou Lei probably outpaced Marek Badowski, and Daniel Górak after an exciting five-hundred battle - Pavel Siruck.
But then it got worse.
Gionis gave Lea no chance.
You could still hope for a win for two points, but Qiyao Han did not match Badowski.
There will be no additional tests for seniors.
Why?
As announced by Rafał Trzaskowski, a program of free preventive examinations for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it has not been approved by the Ministry of Health and its Agency for the Protection of Medical Technologies and Tariffs.
In the justification, the agency explained that the target group was chosen incorrectly.
"The above actions may even result in the detection of individual disease entities, which may contribute to deepening difficulties in accessing NHF services and adversely affect the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with false positive test results," it was written.
The ministry's decision does not understand the capital's president.
"Money is ours, we have anticipated it.
Only the government is afraid that if people get examined, they will go to the doctor later, which is absurd, because the point is to lead to a situation in which prevention can be carried out faster.
All specialists know that it helps when it comes to burdening the health system, because it helps in quick detection of diseases and a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand, "said Rafał Trzaskowski.
"It's hard for me to imagine that expert specialists say: Let's not study, because there will be longer queues at the doctor, and if such specialists advise the government, I'm not surprised that this is the state of health care," added PO politician.
Palestine responds to Israel: We will break all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmud Abbas announced on Thursday at a UN General Assembly session that he would break all agreements with Israel if the country's future government attempted to fulfill Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement of the annexation of the occupied Palestinian lands.
"If the future Israeli government that begins arises to implement this plan, we will revoke all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made," he announced.
"We'll reject the plan completely and completely," Abbas threatened.
"It is our duty to defend all our rights by all possible means - no matter what the consequences will be - by fully engaging in the application of international law and the fight against terrorism," said the President of the Palestinian Authority, who had already made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, former prime minister of Israel, again received the mission of forming a government after the September 17 elections.
A week before the election, he announced that if he won, he would announce the annexation of the Jordan Valley and intend to include all Jewish settlements throughout Israel across the West Bank.
In the early 1990s, Israel and the Palestinians, led by Jaser Arafat at the time, signed a series of peace agreements under the patronage of the United States.
84-year-old Abbas also promised to hold general elections in Palestinian territories during the UN General Assembly session.
The last took place in 2006.
"Upon returning to the country, I will call in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem local elections and everyone who opposes them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community," declared the Palestinian president solemnly.
In his speech, Abbas defended the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the UN, to exercise the rights of "full members of the UN and all its organs and institutions."
The Palestinian leader ended his speech with a call to the international community to "force Israel to comply with all respect for United Nations".
Israeli ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas's speech, saying that the Palestinian leader "prefers to focus at the UN on the efforts of the Palestinian Authority against Israel rather than fight against calls to terrorism in the Authority under his leadership."
However, according to agencies, Danon did not refer to Netanyahu's announced annexation of the occupied Palestinian territories.
Rescuers want defibrillators at sensitive points in Przemyśl
History from the border crossing shows that an automatic AED can save lives.
The Voivodship Ambulance Station in Przemyśl wants these devices to be located in sensitive areas of the city.
For their attitude officers received congratulation diplomas from the Voivodship Ambulance Station in Przemyśl.
Apprentice Daniel Cyrnek, senior apprentice Grzegorz Bal and Commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Podkarpackie Customs and Tax Office in Przemyśl.
On August 28, they served at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medyka. An officer of the Customs and Tax Service noticed a lying unconscious man in the pedestrian zone.
A Chinese activist died in custody as a result of torture.
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the constitution
On September 23, Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, was called by the secretary of the communist party from her home village to report that her husband had just died in a military hospital in Hengyang.
What was the cause of death - he did not disclose.
In the morgue, Cao saw her husband's body massacred, beyond recognition.
"His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were all in blood," says the woman.
"They didn't let me take my cell phone with them, and there were a lot of policemen around who couldn't get close to Wang."
Police urged them to sign a statement that the husband was seriously ill and died as a result of an "unfortunate accident".
PLN 105 million for companies from the video game industry from the National Center for Research and Development
Almost 105 million PLN of funding will go to gaming companies creating innovative solutions.
The National Center for Research and Development announced on Friday the results of the third edition of the GameINN program.
Among the nearly 30 projects supported by the National Center for Research and Development, among others developing a platform for creating field games based on an AR game engine that creates a map of the real world together with an application that allows data to be sent by users; testing and training platform for verifying practical skills in the workplace and professional development using VR and AI technologies; an innovative game that simulates the management of real production processes using an innovative gameplay model based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the concept of industry 4.0 - stated in the NCBR message sent on Friday PAP.
The goal of the GameINN sector program is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish video game producers sector on the global market by 2023.
According to the National Center for Research and Development, the Polish video game sector is already growing at a rate of 10% annually.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 was PLN 1.85 billion, while the forecast for 2019 is 2.23 billion.
"Specially prepared GameINN research agenda and already supporting PLN 300 million support for entrepreneurs under this sector program are an important impulse for further dynamic growth of Polish gamedev", reads the communiqué.
The video game industry is an excellent example of the effective use of the potential that we have in Poland.
"Incentives introduced by the government for entrepreneurs focusing on innovation, such as R&D reliefs, competence improvement programs, IP boxes or support programs implemented by the National Center for Research and Development drive the innovative activity of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a very competitive market", assesses the deputy prime minister science and higher education Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the communiqué.
The head of the Ministry of Science notes that money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of project co-financing, but also stays in their pockets - three-quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from R&D relief in 2018 than a year earlier.
"The amount of deducted costs related to R&D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in savings of over PLN 300 million for companies benefiting from this discount.
This is equivalent to the support provided by the National Center for Research and Development in three editions of GameINN, ”emphasizes the deputy prime minister.
NCBR Director dr inż. Wojciech Kamieniecki reminds that in the previous two competitions, funding with a total value of over PLN 211.2 million was awarded to 78 innovative projects.
The huge interest in the III competition and the diversity of submitted applications show that the video game industry has ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
"Particularly pleased is the fact that among the selected projects - as in previous editions - there are projects for solutions not only for entertainment, but also related to industry 4.0," he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding of up to PLN 20 million.
The NCBR received 87 applications for the total co-financing amount of approx. PLN 317 million.
The budget of the competition at the time the competition was announced was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects were awarded nearly PLN 105 million in funding.
Detailed information on the results of the III GameINN competition is available at ncbr.gov.pl.
The GameINN sectoral program is implemented under the Intelligent Development Operational Program.
NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to an initiative of associated entrepreneurs in the Polish Games Agreement, which includes, among others companies such as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga confessed to the theft of Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident occurred on September 16.
Dolberg, who from Ajax Amsterdam to Nice at the end of August, realized after training that his watch had disappeared from the locker room.
Not just any, because worth 70 thousand euros.
The angry Dane did not show up the next day, explaining his stomach problems.
The case was puzzling from the beginning.
Footballers in the cloakroom have private safes at their disposal, and the club area is monitored.
According to AFP, Diaby-Fadig finally confessed to the theft.
The 18-year-old has already apologized to Dolberg and the other teammates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised the Danish money back for the watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most promising players of the young generation in France.
He came to Nice as a thirteen-year-old, and debuted in the first team three years later.
He appeared in seven games this season.
He recently signed a professional contract, but, according to the L'Equipe newspaper, the club will probably terminate it with immediate effect.
For now, he has initiated disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, refuses to comment on this matter.
Make sure you wash your hands well
We all know that they need to be washed (e.g. after coming home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you need to do it the right way.
This is especially important now when autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove harmful bacteria and viruses from our hands
And most of us wash them shorter!
All you need is warm water and ordinary soap - it's not true that it must be antibacterial (many doctors even advise against them).
When washing, we rub not only the bottoms and tops of the hands, but also: the tips of the fingers (joined or individually) - rub them in circular motions against the inside of the other hand, the spaces between the fingers (intertwine your hands, rubbing your fingers against each other), thumbs - each thumb embrace with the other hand and we embrace him to the left and right for a while.
In an emergency (when you can't wash your hands) you should wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief and then use an antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from PLN 5).
After using the public toilet, do not touch the door handles or doors with the washed hands (recommendation of the Chief Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them through a paper towel.
Iran's president says he has rejected an offer to talk to the US, Donald Trump denies
Tehran did not enter into talks with the American side during the UN General Assembly in New York, despite Americans' offer to lift sanctions, said Iranian President Hasan Rowhani on Friday.
US President Donald Trump commented that the Iranian side asked for lifting the restrictions, which he did not agree to.
According to Iranian president Hasan Rowhani, the Americans proposed lifting all sanctions on Tehran in exchange for negotiating a new international agreement.
It would regulate both the Iranian nuclear program and the ballistic missile program.
Rowhani: Iran will not talk in an atmosphere of maximum pressure
The Iranian president stated that he did not agree to enter into these talks because of the "toxic atmosphere".
He stated that he met with American diplomats because he was persuaded by France, Germany and Great Britain.
He emphasized, however, that Iran would not start talks in an atmosphere of "maximum pressure".
"And even if we want to negotiate with Americans in the 5 + 1 format, no one can predict what the end result will be," said Rowhani.
The day before, the Iranian leader said that he did not rule out talks with the US, and that the European parties to the nuclear agreement accused of favoring US sanctions on Iran.
He added that sanctions imposed on Iran after the US withdrawal from the nuclear agreement "are a prerequisite that does not allow" to establish a dialogue.
If we can withstand this pre-condition and if America lifts sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America, ”he declared.
He added that he did not rule out a meeting with US President Donald Trump, even though he did not agree to such a conversation last week during the UN General Assembly.
Trump: "Iran asked, I said no"
Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that he rejected the Iranian request.
"Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them so that we could meet.
Of course, I said 'no!', The US president tweeted.
Tension with atomic agreement in the background
France, Germany and the United Kingdom are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran, to somehow save the 2015 deal with Iran, of which they were signatories.
It stated that in exchange for lifting the economic sanctions, Iran would abandon the nuclear weapons program and the nuclear sector would be under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the U.S. withdrawal from the agreement in May 2015, other signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to maintain the agreement in force.
For now, nothing came of it.
Washington uses tactics to put maximum pressure on Iran, and the sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran announced that if it does not receive permission to export the raw material, it will limit its obligations under the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESZÓW: Kabaret pod Wyrwigroszem
We have tickets for you!
Kabaret pod Wyrwigroszem will perform on October 6 at 16 at the Hrubieszów Culture Center. in Hrubieszów.
Kabaret pod Wyrwigroszem will present a program entitled "Tra ta ta ta".
They will include talks about hot drinks and Toruń geothermal energy.
Tickets are 60 PLN, you can buy them in HDK, as well as on the website biletowakasa.pl.
We have free tickets for TZ readers.
How to get them, check out our Facebook profile.
Judge at the Voivodship Administrative Court in Warsaw and husband of hatter Emilia, who - according to her words and screens from WhatsAppa - participated in stalking against judges, on Wednesday he was reinstated by the Supreme Administrative Court.
Reason: no disciplinary proceedings were instituted against him, so there is no basis for upholding the order of the President of the Provincial Administrative Court Wojciech Mazur about removing him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a disciplinary spokesman at the Supreme Administrative Court, opened an investigation against Szmydt at the end of August, but it has not yet evolved into proceedings against him.
Although the Supreme Administrative Court, which acts as a disciplinary court in such cases, must deal with the decision of the President of the Provincial Administrative Court within a month of its issuing.
In this situation, a judge who publicly talked about his wife's psychological problems in order to discredit her, who because of suspected participation in a hate group was removed from the KRS office, will return to adjudication and will issue judgments on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his participation in the haters' group.
He claims that there is no evidence of this except fake screenshots and the words of his wife, whom she divorces with.
Exactly the same say the other judges associated with "Caste": all are innocent, there is no evidence.
And it is quite possible that they will bet on their own.
Because the prosecutor's office did not lift a finger to secure evidence from their electronic media, it is also silent about the contents of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which she stopped in another case in June.
The police did not lift a finger to secure the devices of people whom Judge Waldemar Żurek indicated in the February report.
There is no evidence - no Szmydt case, no "Caste" case.
There is also no case of the head of the Supreme Audit Office Marian Banasia about renting a tenement house to pimps and concealing income.
The CBA checks its property declarations.
And he'll check when he checks.
And the Deputy Ethics Committee will not take care of Banas, because the Sejm is suspended (but the State Control Committee somehow gathered to make a bizarre decision to dismiss Banas's deputies and appoint as his lawyer, although the law does not provide for such a strange combination).
The whole reminds me of a film novel, probably American, about how the wife returns home and finds her husband with her lover in bed.
She is so amazed and devastated that she cannot speak a word.
She stands in the doorway dumbfounded, and at this time the mistress quickly jumps out of bed, gets dressed and goes out.
And my husband makes the bed.
When the wife regains her voice and screams: what is it supposed to be?
Who is this woman
The husband calmly asks: what woman, honey?
Only that the case of "Caste" or Banasia is a parody of the state.
And it's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Signing a contract with an auditor to audit financial statements for 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Board of Maxipizza S.A. informs that on September 27, 2019, it signed a contract with Premium Audyt Spółka z o.o. with its registered office in Poznań at 1/1 Czartoria Street, entered under the number KRS 0000540136 in the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court Poznań - Nowe Miasto and Wilda in Poznań, VIII Commercial Department of the National Court Register, entered on the list of entities authorized to audit reports under the number 3992.
The subject of the contract is the audit of financial statements of Maxipizza S.A. for the following financial years: a. from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019, b. from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, c. from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in the high jump final
Earlier returning to competition this season after the maternity break, the athlete, bronze medalist of the World Championships in London 2017, in the first attempt she beat 1.85 and 1.89 and in the second 1.92.
1.94 did not manage to get it until the third attempt.
"I am happy to.
I showed that I can fight because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the finals I will have to jump better technically, ”Lićwinko admitted in front of the Eurosport camera.
The best in the qualifying rounds were American Vashti Cunningham and Belarusian Karyna Demidik - 1.94 each.
Both players were the only ones who did not lose any height.
The women's final high jump is scheduled for Monday.
Beginning at 19.30 Polish time.
Kornel Morawiecki is in a severely ill hospital
He was hospitalized, and the doctors describe his condition as severe.
It must be added that he is conscious and aware.
"We believe that it will come out, that he will win again.
We all pray that he will recover, ”anonymous close person Kornel Morawiecki told in an interview with journalists of" Super Express ".
In the upcoming elections, the prime minister's father runs for the Senate.
"My immediate family and politics keep me alive," said Kornel Morawiecki in an interview he gave to the journalists of "Super Express" two weeks ago.
In January, "Super Express" reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki went to the examination at the Military Hospital in Wroclaw.
"I had strange and disturbing symptoms and I went to the hospital.
It turned out that I have jaundice.
But the worst was ahead of me.
When the CT scan was done, it was found that I have a pancreatic cancer ... ", said the Prime Minister's father.
A few days later, at the Ministry of Interior and Administration in Warsaw, Kornel Morawiecki underwent major surgery.
As Morawiecki said, President Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain Father Zbigniew Kras to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and was successful.
"I know that many people have prayed for me, for which I thank you very much.
Fortunately, I don't have metastases.
I don't know yet if I will be undergoing chemotherapy.
I entrust myself to specialists who are rather of good cheer.
For now, after this heavy surgery, I need to get back to a state of use.
I hope everything is going to be all right, "Kornel Morawiecki pointed out in an interview with" SE "in January.
"If I gave up my examination too late, the situation would be tragic and I would say goodbye to this fall ...", he added.
Krakow: The 14-year-old is missing
Officers from the Municipal Police Headquarters in Krakow are looking for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone who has any information about a missing person is invited to contact us.
Missing on September 26 in the evening she left her place of residence and has not returned or contacted her relatives until now.
She was last seen at ul. Old Guest House in Krakow.
Nel Stokłosa is 14 years old, measures 167 cm, has blond hair and gray-blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was wearing a sweatshirt, gray pants, and shoes.
Anyone who has any information about a missing person is asked to contact the police at 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The power of Olga jumping.
The title of the coverage of amateur sports competitions held on Sunday afternoon of September 15 at the hippodrome at Oleandry Street in Oława may be misleading for some.
The road is a long way to real power, but this is how one of the types of horse rivalry is defined ...
The competition of the power of jumping consists in overcoming by the rider and horse increasingly higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed even two meters.
It is worth adding that the long-standing and still unbeatable world record, set in 1949 by Chilean Albert Larraguibel, on the horse "Huaso", is 247 cm.
Of course, no one jumped so high in Oława, but the result of the best local amazons at 135 cm is also not the worst ...
The competition organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other activists of JKS "In the Saddle" constituted a demonstration part of the "Rainbow Riding Competition", which was previously held there, which we describe in more detail in this issue of the newspaper on page 22.
Eight amazons who competed in horse riding in OKS in JKS entered the competition.
Four competed on kuckach, and four on large horses.
Nikola Szołdra did the best in the first group, riding the crazy "Sprinter".
This small, but very dynamic steed began by overcoming obstacles distributed at a height of 40 cm, and ended only at the station with the upper beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not give up easily and only after three subsequent refusals was he removed from further competition by the jury.
Amelia Pawlak, who rides "Famy", came second in pony jumps, and Lena Boruń on "Harmider".
The youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, was galloping ambitiously, galloping and jumping over obstacles on the little mare "Carmen".
Even greater emotions accompanied the competing amazons and spectators during the competition with the participation of large horses.
Paulina Szewczyk, who mounted the "Declaration" and Anastazja Abramenko, who rode "Lotka", scored terrible-looking falls.
Fortunately, apart from minor bruises, neither amazons nor horses did anything wrong, so they continued to participate in the competition.
Weronika Łuczkiewicz riding her had many problems with introducing the young mare "Wineta".
You needed either the assistance of a trainer or another horse to pair, followed by a crazy "Wineta".
After completing the obstacle from the parking she was also riding full gallop, so at times it was dangerous in the boxes and the expansion room. "Everything is under control!", Assured Jan Sienkiewicz a bit of those scared viewers, especially the youngest ones.
From the beginning of the big horses competition, Marta Masalska, who sits on a beautifully presenting "Whiskey", did a great job on the park.
This dignified mare, in tandem with the experienced Amazon, jumped 135 cm first in the final stage and it was the best competition result at the moment.
After a while, however, Paulina Szewczyk attended the same height at the Declaration, Weronika Łuczkiewicz at the Wineta and Anastazja Abramenko at the Lotka.
To flo decoration and to receive prizes in the form of equestrian equipment, all these competitors went together, and finally together with the Amazons on ponies in time to Radecki's march made a spectacular honor round, ending this interesting and exciting competition.
thanks
The Equestrian Sports Club "In Siodło" would like to thank the sponsors of the competition for the power of the jump during the 16th "Rainbow Equestrian Competition": the City Hall in Oława, the Water Supply and Sewerage Plant in Oława, the Poviat Starosty and the "Mustang" company.
Max Kolonko cuts himself off from KWW Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution
KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko is the name of the election committee under which the political formation #R Revolution Mariusz Max Kolonka was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution addressed its proposal especially to young voters with right-wing views.
Before the election, Kolonko announced cooperation with Marek Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions occurred, and the KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko did not even manage to collect enough signatures to list in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko has announced on Twitter that he has ended cooperation with KWW Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution.
"I will expect the abovementioned KWW to delete my name from the name.
I am kindly asking you not to connect my person with the above mentioned entity ”, he added and announced that he will give more information soon.
It is not yet known whether the journalist will continue his activity or whether the end of the #R Revolution formation.
On July 4, American Independence Day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko, who was in the US, announced the creation of a new political formation - #R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko has become famous for running the Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
"We have enough politicians, enough of your stupid games, enough of your amateur rule.
It is time for the nation to take over the government and rule for the good of the Nation, "Kolonko said at the time.
The party's program includes issues related to the judiciary (should be chosen in general elections), tax changes (equalization of the tax-free amount for everyone), war reparations (in the form of military assistance to NATO's eastern flank countries, with particular emphasis on Poland), holding a referendum on the possession of weapons, restrictions on the number of deputies or the introduction of single-mandate constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of a new political formation, Mariusz Max Kolonko began talks with Marek Jakubiak.
At the end of July, Kolonko posted on his social media profile information suggesting that #R will join forces with the Kukiz'15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions eventually came about.
UBS: Zloty close to the equilibrium point
"The euro exchange rate will remain in the coming months around the 4.35 PLN ceiling, which will be accompanied by a weak economic situation on global markets", announces Michael Bolliger from the UBS Wealth Management company.
"Expectations of maintaining a solid pace of economic growth and stable monetary policy speak for stabilization of the zloty at the current ceiling," says the specialist in an interview with Bankier.pl.
In his opinion, despite clear inflationary pressure, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to raise rates in an environment in which the vast majority of central banks relax their policies.
"While the zloty is priced properly - the euro should remain around the 4.35 PLN ceiling in the coming months - according to him, Polish bonds are not very attractive.
Emerging market bonds offer much more favorable yields than Polish securities, ”says Michael Bolliger, head of asset allocation to emerging markets in the company of UBS Wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the global downturn.
"The global slowdown may further deepen, but there should not be a severe recession, but at most a decline in GDP dynamics slightly below zero," announces Michael Bolliger.
"Investors should underweight global stocks that may be harmed by the lack of prospects for resolving the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risk factors, including Donald Trump's impeachment procedure and Brexit."
Among the stock markets, Europe should behave relatively poorly, ”according to the latest letter to investors by the main manager of UBS Wealth Management, Mark Haefele.
"Shares from eurozone countries should behave worse than US ones, because they are more susceptible in conditions of increased uncertainty around global trade and fear of slowdown," the document reads.
According to Michael Bolliger, after the bull market in the bond markets of the safest countries pushed the yields of German 10-year-olds even to minus 0.74%, it is possible to deepen the fall in yields.
In the long run, however, long-term yields should no longer fall, but only short-term ones, due to easing of monetary policy of banks.
The Fed has the greatest room for rate cuts, which should lead to a weakening of the US currency over the next few years.
The long-term equilibrium for the euro is the $ 1.29 ceiling, which would mean 19% potential for strengthening the single currency against the dollar.
We expect further cuts in the Fed's rates, which will result in narrowing the differences in monetary policy in the world.
"Current and budget deficits may not allow the dollar to stay strong in the long run," says Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr loses a weapon.
Confidential report of the German Ministry of National Defense
The Bundeswehr from the beginning of 2014 noted the disappearance of 39 weapons, 39 parts of weapons and 19 445 pieces of ammunition - according to a confidential summary drawn up in the defense ministry of Germany.
The information was provided by the press belonging to the RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND) media group.
According to a document from the office of the Parliamentary Secretary of State at the Ministry of National Defense Peter Tauber (CDU), so far two weapons, one part of the weapon and 3474 pieces of ammunition have been traced again.
Military equipment that is still missing is, among others, six universal MG3 machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic rifles, six signal pistols and two P8 pistols.
In addition, 30 barrels for MG3 machine guns are missing.
Martin Renner, vice president of the Left party, expressed concern about the situation.
As she told RND journalists, the number of missing weapons and ammunition is "alarming."
The more so that as a result of investigations it was possible to find only a small part of the lost equipment.
Martina Renner summarized the effects of these activities as a "miserable balance sheet".
She also criticized the fact that the statement does not indicate whether there is also a weapon that was found during the investigation against the lieutenant of the Bundeswehr Franco A. In December 2017, the federal prosecutor's office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a violent act threatening the security of the state and violating the provisions of the law regulating access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing assassinations of leading German politicians for extreme-right and racist reasons.
His "black list" of goals, which fell into the hands of the prosecutor's office, included then Minister of Justice Heiko Maas from the SPD, Claudia Roth from the Green Party and Anetta Kahane, human rights defender and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung foundation in Berlin.
Franco A. illegally came into possession of four firearms, over 1000 ammunition and over 50 explosives.
Crying children on the plane.
How to avoid them
There is a solution
Japan Airlines has recently been using a feature developed for people for whom traveling with a crying child is a nightmare.
The lines allow checking the distribution of seats on the plane via the website.
If a particular minor travels up to the age of two, then the "child icon" appears on the specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place remote from the one occupied by the toddler.
The BBC reports that the airlines have already reported the imperfections of this solution.
The "child icon" will not appear if the ticket has been booked by a third party or if there was a change of aircraft at the last minute.
As expected, the idea divided the Internet users.
Some Twitter users indicate that the problem of traveling with crying children can be solved with the help of headphones that reduce noise.
They are children, we were also once.
"We need to learn tolerance, because soon we will need a map of seating places for breathable mouths, drooling or drunkards," wrote user G Sundar.
Another Internet user noticed that once he was disturbed by crying children on the plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent himself.
There is also a lack of supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"Thank you for warning me of screaming children during a 13-hour journey," wrote Rahat Ahmed.
Majorca counts losses after the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook travel agency
Over 25,000 Foreign tourists will not come to Majorca on holiday in October as a result of the bankruptcy announced on Monday by travel agency Thomas Cook.
As the representative of the Balearic autonomous government Marc Pons said on Friday, among 25,000 vacationers who will not be able to take advantage of October holidays in Majorca, there are also people who were to travel with companies indirectly associated with Thomas Cook, such as the company Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80 percent expected vacationers who, due to the bankruptcy of the British company had to give up vacation in Majorca next month are citizens of Germany and the Scandinavian countries.
However, according to Pons, due to the fact that Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the Balearic island in November-April, losses for the local economy will be lower.
He revealed that the Balearic government has already begun negotiations with international operators on "entering Majorca's market" after the British operator's bankruptcy.
Estimates of the newspaper "Diario de Mallorca" show that in October due to the tourist crisis in Majorca, more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs.
About 800 are dismissed employees of the Thomas Cook office in Palma.
Other people will lose their jobs mainly in the hotel sector.
On Monday, along with the declaration of bankruptcy by Thomas Cook in many Mallorca hotels, the owners of the property demanded that guests pay an additional fee.
This situation has been experienced by, among others dozens of tourists from Poland.
The Balearic government estimates that by Thursday, several dozen Majorca hotels had ceased operations at least until the end of October due to the declaration of bankruptcy by Thomas Cook and the cooperating companies.
In turn, the Friday daily "Diario de Ibiza" indicates that the majority of hotels operating in Ibiza, which cooperated with the Thomas Cook group, do not intend to close their facilities in the coming weeks.
The newspaper reminds that on this Balearic island the British bankrupt cooperated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the Balearic autonomous authorities announced that they would ask the Spanish government to support the region with EUR 100 million to cover the losses caused by bankruptcy declared by the travel agency Thomas Cook.
They revealed that the most affected tourists in this archipelago, about 36,000 people, located in Mallorca.
According to data from the Balearic government, Thomas Cook is in arrears with local travel companies, mainly hotel operators, for the implementation of contracts for the July-September 2019 period of around EUR 5 million.
FIFA women's ranking.
Poland is still in 29th place, the USA is in the lead
The women's national team of Poland ranks 29th in the International Football Federation (FIFA) ranking published on Friday.
In the same position, the team of coach Miłosz Stępiński was classified in the previous July ranking.
Weak team matches.
How will it be in October?
The leaders remained American, who recently defended the title of world champion.
The second place in the ranking was maintained by German women, while the third remained Dutch.
Polish women are preparing for the European Championship qualifications.
They were to start them with an away match against Czech Republic on 3 September.
The day before the meeting it was postponed by a year due to food poisoning of the opponents.
In this situation, Polish women will inaugurate their qualifications with a meeting with the Spanish on November 12 in Lublin.
Earlier, "Biało-Czerwone" will play two friendly matches - on October 3 away with Cyprus, and five days later in Kielce with Brazil.
In the group, the rivals of Polish women are the teams of Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The group winners and the top three teams from second places will advance directly to the final tournament.
The remaining six teams from the second position will play in the play-offs for the last three passes to the European championship.
The host of England will complete the stake of 16 participants.
The Polish men's team in the September FIFA ranking dropped from 20th to 22nd place.
"Rz": Smog overwhelmed the government
"The effects of the" Clean Air "program are slim, and coal stoves will be kicking as if nothing had happened this winter," reads the front page of today's Rzeczpospolita daily.
"To date, 82,000 have been submitted under the Clean Air program. applications for co-financing with a total value of PLN 2 billion, of which 48,000 the decisions were positive.
Accepted applications total over PLN 915 million, "Rzeczpospolita reports, citing data from a spokesman for the Minister of the Environment.
As the newspaper points out, only part of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the program.
The results of the announced announced program are rated as "modest".
Local government officials, quoted by Rzeczpospolita, see failure of "Clean Air", including in too much bureaucracy.
"The program should be much simpler: electronic notification, sending invoices by mail, possible random implementation control.
That would improve operations, "believes Jacek Wiśniowski, the mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński.
Activists from the Polish Smog Alarm notice that in the first year of operation less than 1 percent was implemented. the assumed goal of replacing 3 million boilers.
As Rzeczpospolita notes, although the program budget is PLN 103 billion for 10 years, i.e. PLN 10 billion a year, this amount is virtual.
"In the budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management for this year, only PLN 1.4 billion was reserved," we read.
Congress agrees to F-35 for Poland
Blaszczak: Price negotiations now
The US Congress has agreed to sell 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft to Poland.
"This is one of the last steps before the conclusion of the contract, but this is not the end of our work," wrote Mariusz Błaszczak on Twitter.
"We will negotiate hard to achieve the best price," added the Polish minister.
Contract for Polish F-35
Ultimately, the Polish Air Force will power 32 F-35 Lightning II fighters manufactured by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the US Department of State agreed to sell them to Poland.
The communication emphasized that the investment would support US national security and foreign policy by improving the security of NATO's ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
State Department information shows that Poland is to pay 6.5 billion dollars for fighters.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department noted that the contract will also include the supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, the provision of engineering, logistics and personnel services as well as related elements of logistics and program support and staff training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters
The F-35 Lightning II fighter manufactured by Lockheed Martin is a fifth generation single-seat and single-engine multi-purpose fighter.
The aircraft is capable of performing close support missions, bombing and typically fighter air combat tasks.
Thanks to the use of stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable for short-range radars.
Belgium recently purchased F-35 fighters under a $ 4.55 billion contract.
Belgians want to replace the aging F-16 with them.
Other US allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, are also considering purchasing US warplanes.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
Manufacturer Barbie has launched a series of sex-neutral dolls.
In this way, I want to fight stereotypes.
Manufacturer Barbie has launched a series of sex-neutral dolls
In addition to Barbie with different skin color, figure and hair style, Mattel introduced sex-neutral dolls for sale.
Toys from the "Creatable World" series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide if their Barbie should have short or long hair.
Their wardrobe consists of both trousers and dresses.
In the blink of an eye, dolls can become girls from boys and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
It has also been abandoned to emphasize the characteristic sex features - gender dolls no longer have full lips, long eyelashes and a slim waist or - in the case of Ken - wide shoulders.
The company believes that children do not like it when their dolls have gender norms, and some parents and feminists are convinced that toys made for a specific gender inhibit the ambitions of girls and strengthen traditional stereotypes.
"The new dolls will make all children feel free," announces Mattel.
The Barbie doll, which appeared on the market in 1959 in a swimsuit and high-heeled shoes, has been criticized in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes," such as unnatural body proportions.
The company has reacted to criticism and has already introduced dolls with different skin colors as well as more rounded shapes.
Hijab dolls also appeared.
Zandberg: a circle or club Together may have several members
Zandberg, asked on ZET radio, how many candidates of his party could get to the Sejm from the lists of leftist groups (KW SLD from which the list of candidates for the SLD, Spring and Left Left together, starting with the common logo "Left"), answered that it depends on the result of the committee.
"I believe that the result of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people associate hope with the fact that the Left is not only right, but also has strength," he noted.
According to Zandberg, the left may have 60-80 deputies.
"It may mean that a circle or club Together will have a dozen or so deputies.
But it depends on Polish women and Poles.
I will not guess and say how it will happen, "he said.
Asked whether the Left Left Together would have a separate circle, Zandberg replied: "We are agreed that we are diverse, and we will not pretend that this diversity is not there.
I think that Poles have awarded this diversity because we have shown that by differing we were able to get along on a joint program. "
When asked whether SLD leader Włodzimierz Czarzasty is the biggest beneficiary of a joint start, Zandberg replied that in his opinion the largest beneficiaries are center-left and left-wing voters.
In turn, to the remark that SLD would receive the entire subsidy, he replied that "the goal of a political party is to represent its constituents."
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the Sejm elections.
In the case of elections to the Senate, he noted that he was thinking.
"The offer is varied and in this offer there are candidates to whom my heart is closer, but there are also those to whom my heart is further," he said.
"But I will say very honestly and clearly that if I were in Senate Constituency No. 44, I would take an electoral certificate and vote in another constituency," the politician emphasized.
"I don't think I would be tempted to vote for Minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO candidate - PAP)," he added.
Apart from Ujazdowski, the leader of the Polish Citizens Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from the Law and Justice party are starting in this district.
Dakar: The largest mosque in West Africa was opened
Tens of thousands of people from all over Senegal gathered on Friday in the capital to inaugurate a huge mosque, considered the largest in West Africa.
Muslims came by buses, cars and on foot to the Bopp district, where a new mosque with a capacity of 30,000 was erected. faithful.
The building was built by the Mouride brotherhood, belonging to the Sufi stream of Islam that dominates in Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago in a six-hectare wetland, handed over by the government.
The name of the Massalikul Jinan Mosque ("Paths to Paradise") comes from the title of a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, a 19th-century founder of the brotherhood, worshiped as a saint by followers.
The mosque is covered with Carrara marble and has five minarets.
The highest of them is 78 meters.
Inside, the mosque will house 15,000. believers, and that's all they can stay on the outside Esplanade.
In the richly finished interiors, you can admire the gilded dome, giant chandeliers and decorations handmade by Moroccan workers.
Builders say the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the edifice has no comparison to mosques in other regions.
In Morocco, the Hassan II mosque in Casablanca can accommodate 105 thousand. faithful.
The construction of the mosque, which cost over EUR 30 million, was financed by private donations.
The government, in addition to land, funded lighting, plumbing and financed road works worth EUR 10.5 million.
Coach Smyła: Our problem is not Silesia, but ourselves
The players from Korona will try to break the run of eight league matches without a victory in Friday's meeting with the runner-up in the premier league Silesia.
"Our problem is not Wrocław, but we ourselves have to work on what we play," emphasized coach from Kielce Mirosław Smyła.
The players of the Crown have recently and so far recorded the only victory in the league in the first round, when they beat Benjamin Raków Częstochowa 1-0 away.
Later Kielce recorded two draws and six defeats, and on Tuesday they lost 0: 1 with Zagłębie Lubin in 1/32 of the Polish Cup final.
"I am optimistic that in the last seconds of the cup match the players fought for the goal, they wanted to draw.
Their fall to the pitch after the final whistle was not a collapse, it was a fall of anger because they were so close, "said Smyła.
He noted that Silesia has very strong wings, which is why it will sensitize the team to play in the side sectors of the pitch.
"We are aware of the quality of the opponent, but we also look at what we want to play," added the coach.
In the match in Friday in the Crown, Ognjen Gnjatic, who is paused for the excess of yellow cards, will certainly not play, the team will also lack injured Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski.
On the other hand, several players are willing to play in the cup match.
"We have a headache, recently it seemed that there would be no, and now it is," said Smyła.
Crown Defender Daniel Dziwniel emphasized that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the run of eight league matches in a row without a victory, while in the Premier League anyone can win with anyone.
"We're a good team.
In recent weeks we may not show it on the pitch, but the moment will come that we will win and we believe that it will be on Friday, "noted the footballer.
After nine queues of the Premier League, Korona holds the 15th position.
Silesia has accumulated 12 more and ranks second.
The Friday match in Kielce will start at 20.30.
These trees can completely disappear from Europe
"42 percent the species of trees that make up Europe's tree stand are under threat, "warns the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in the" Red Book of European Trees "published on Friday.
The list is headed by chestnuts and mountain ash.
IUCN, an organization based in Gland, Switzerland, publishes a list of endangered European tree species for the first time.
It was prepared by specialists who, based on research, concluded that out of 454 tree species found in Europe (and also elsewhere in the world) 42 percent. is "highly endangered".
Among the reasons, the Red Book mentions the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, the most endangered are those trees and shrubs that occur only or mainly on our continent.
When it comes to a typically European forest stand, according to specialists from IUCN, 58 percent are at risk. species, and 15 percent, i.e. 66 species of trees and shrubs, are threatened with extinction.
Among the main reasons for deforestation, the Red Book lists errors in the use of trees, accelerated urbanization, too intensive logging, followed by forest fires and changes taking place in the European ecosystem.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also seriously endangered.
"The consequences of human activities are leading to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and create the danger of extinction of important and undervalued varieties in Europe that underpin European ecosystems and affect the health of our planet," concluded Luc Bas, who heads the European office of IUCN.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I don't promise 600+
"Today, PiS wants to bribe Poles by offering them a loan deal that will have to be repaid by future generations," says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview with Rzeczpospolita.
In his opinion, "the entire PiS policy is pic".
At the same time, the politician promises that "what is given will not be taken away."
Schetyna assures in an interview with Jacek Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat Law and Justice.
It is about mobilizing the electorate at the ballot boxes.
In his opinion, the opposition has greater potential in this respect than Kaczyński's party.
"Today, there are more conscious people who want to live in a normal state than supporters of PiS, a party that has embarked on preached values ​​such as modesty, humility, transparency," says Schetyna.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic Platform also pointed out the basic assumptions of the KO election program.
"First, nothing given will be received, but you need to set a direction for the future, because PiS deals only with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even after dramatically low investments," he said.
Secondly, it is about "mobilizing the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work reliably - and those who are entrepreneurial."
Schetyna explains that the KO program includes a project that will give the least-paid Poles PLN 614 more on hand, and more for those who earn - a few hundred each.
The politician also noted that he did not want to race for distribution.
He said he would do as much as he could do, but he wouldn't promise 600+.
"I will never allow the Greek variant, where the rulers bid with the opposition to give away, and finally the country's financial collapse," he emphasized.
In an interview with Rzeczpospolita, Schetyna also stated that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"Pride walks before falling.
Kaczyński is a statesman like Banaś is crystal, "he added.
PO leader also said that he has not decided yet whether he will apply for chairing the Platform.
Argentina: Six dead great condors
Six dead Great Condors have been found in the Argentine province of Santa Cruz, reports TVN24.
Experts believe that human activity contributed to their deaths.
Great condors have probably been poisoned by a means of killing predators such as pumas, foxes and wild dogs.
Animals could eat toxic carrion.
Apart from one young individual, the rest of the dead condors were adults.
"This is a big environmental loss because the condor must reach 10-15 years to become fertile and able to reproduce.
So we are losing a protected species, an endangered species, "says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organization.
"I think that using toxic bait and poison puts not only this species in danger, but all other life forms, including human health," he adds.
"Rz": They want a jewel for the president
Work has begun on giving the head of state a precious chain.
The idea was supported by Andrzej Duda's office - we read in Rzeczpospolita.
As the newspaper explains, it is about the golden chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insignia officially called in the interwar period the jewel of the Commonwealth.
President Ignacy Mościcki probably used it the last time.
Rzeczpospolita reports that soon such a chain could hit the shoulders of Andrzej Duda.
The Senate Committee on Human Rights, the Rule of Law and Petitions voted on Wednesday to start work on an amendment to the law on orders and decorations in order to restore it.
The daily writes that this is also not the first attempt to restore this chain to the head of state.
The Senate already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it was lost with one vote.
This time the work is instant.
At the beginning of August, senators devoted a few minutes to this matter, considering that they would consult the Chancellery of the President.
This came in mid-September.
"I would like to kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in this petition", wrote then Presidential Minister Andrzej Dera.
On Wednesday, the case was continued by the Senate committee and again devoted little time to the case.
"The Chancellery of the President briefly told us: he is in favor of bringing it back," said committee head Robert Mamątow from PiS, quoted by Rzeczpospolita.
He submitted a request for legislative work, which the committee supported.
Policemen will teach drivers how to drive through an intersection
The police action will be conducted, among others at the intersection of al. Ciepliński from al. Pilsudski.
The uniformed actions are in a way related to the recent complaints of the city authorities about drivers who are not always able to behave properly at the intersection.
On Friday, September 27, police officers in Rzeszów are starting preventive actions for "Mobile intersections".
It is about eliminating traffic jams: entering an intersection without the possibility of exiting, non-compliance with traffic lights or road signs.
"We often think that we are alone at the intersection, and in fact we make life difficult for other drivers," said Marek Ustrobiński, vice president of the city a few days ago.
His words resounded at the town hall press conference, at which the city authorities presented examples of inappropriate car traffic at intersections, which in effect creates traffic jams.
At that time, the president appealed to travelers for reason on the road, including faster starting at traffic lights or not writing SMS while driving.
The subject was taken over by Rzeszów police officers, who are starting the "Passing intersections" campaign from today.
What is going on?
The aim of the actions is to eliminate the phenomenon of limiting passability at intersections by drivers entering them without being able to continue driving.
This is a frequent offense that adds to traffic congestion and traffic jams.
It is threatened with a fine of PLN 300 and 2 penalty points.
In addition, uniforms will pay attention to non-compliance with traffic lights or road signs, and incorrect parking in the area of ​​intersections.
They will also observe a lack of smooth driving, late driving from under the signals, slow crossing of intersections and leaving too large distances between vehicles.
At what intersections will activities be carried out?
Among others on street Lisa-Kuli with ul. Jagiellonian; al. Ciepliński from al. Pilsudski; ul. Targowa with al. Pilsudski; Plac Śreniawitów with ul. Dąbrowskiego or ul. Hetmańska from al. Warsaw insurgents.
These types of actions in the capital of Podkarpacie will be carried out on the following Fridays of October.
They inspected the company utilizing the waste from 'Czajka'
"Officials of the Environmental Protection Department of the Wołomiński Poviat Eldership and the Poviat Building Supervision Inspection inspected the installation in the Zielonka commune on Friday, in which wastes from the sewage treatment plant" Czajka "in Warsaw are utilized," said spokesman for the Wołomin eldership Karol Szyszko.
Inspectors from the Wołomin eldership carried out an inspection at the plant located in the forests belonging to the Zielonka commune.
The Private Trading and Transport Plant "Dar-Trans", under an agreement with the capital sewage treatment plant "Czajka", provides sewage waste management services.
"The installation was inspected, and the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his business," Szyszko said.
He added that the audit report will be forwarded, among others to the Provincial Inspectorate for Environmental Protection in Warsaw.
The last inspection in "Dar-Trans" was carried out by the Provincial Inspectorate for Environmental Protection in Warsaw during December 29, 2015 - February 11, 2016.
It was established then that the company did not carry out sampling, measurements and tests of groundwater, and also did not have the results of tests on stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the sewage treatment plant "Czajka".
After the Inspectorate of Provincial Inspectorate for Environmental Protection, Dariusz Sobota was called to stop violating the terms of the decision.
Private Trading and Transport Plant "DAR-TRANS" Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies collecting waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the "Czajka" treatment plant.
According to the decision to carry out waste utilization at the excavation site, waste up to 60,000 tonnes per year is processed in the forests near Zielonka.
The Warsaw Municipal Water and Sewage Enterprise announced last Thursday that at the turn of November and December 2018 STUOŚ was decommissioned, which was related to damage to one of the incineration plant equipment.
According to MPWiK, the monthly cost of their export is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01/01/2019 to 31/08/2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"You took on a difficult task, you can count on my total support", Lech Walesa said to Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska on Friday.
"Mr. President, these words are very important to me," replied the Civic Coalition candidate for prime minister, leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president emphasized that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now "only a retired fan".
On Friday, Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met with former president Lech Wałęsa in his office at the European Solidarity Center in Gdańsk.
Jarosław's son Wałęsa also took part in a short conversation behind closed doors.
"You took on a difficult task," said Lech Wałęsa after the meeting.
"You can count on my total support," he added.
"Problems before Poland are known to all of us.
Therefore, there is great hope that you, as a woman, will deal with these problems, and we all - those who love Poland - will support your activities as much as possible, "said the former president, addressing Kidawa-Błońska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked for support.
"Mr. President, for me these are very important words, because no one like you can talk about freedom, about the constitution and knows how important it is," she said.
"Let's show that you can do a different, wise policy, together, but in accordance with the constitution, in accordance with the law, and with respect for others.
You did your revolution like that, and we want to change Poland like that, "Kidawa-Błońska emphasized.
A retired fan
In a conversation with journalists, Walesa said that he is now "just a retired fan."
"Of course I'm looking at it.
I hope that we will reverse the course of events, that what has been good, proven, we will return to it.
The separation of powers is the most important, the constitution is the most important, the courts are necessary.
And it all needs to be cleaned, it all needs to be restored to normal operation and I believe that this time we will do it.
If not, then street criterion awaits us, "said Lech Walesa.
"That is why it is so important that Poles go to the elections, think about and make their own decisions.
And this is the most important ”, added Kidawa-Błońska.
"The last chance that we will improve the state of affairs in Poland with cards", replied the former president.
"We need to build a foundation again"
When asked about the most important changes that should take place in Poland for her, Kidawa-Błońska said: "The president said very well.
We must rebuild the foundation on which we can do all the other things.
Since the separation of powers does not exist, since the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it become obvious and let everyone know that Poland will not go a step further. "
European volleyball players: Slovenia - Poland 3: 1 in the semi-final.
In the hot terrain in Ljubljana, Polish volleyballers clashed with the Slovenes in the semi-finals of the European championships.
There was a lot of controversy and discussions with the referees, with the Polish coach Vital Heynen in the lead role.
"Biało-Czerwoni" lost 1: 3 and will play for the bronze medal.
The Senate has decided on key laws
The Senate adopted, without amendments, the Act on the disclosure of the property of the families of the most important state officials and the flights of the most important people in the state.
52 senators voted in favor of the amendment to the law on the property of families of civil servants - without amendments - three abstained.
Thus, the senators decided to reject 12 amendments proposed during Wednesday's debate by PO senator Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were to "civilize" and limit the scope of information provided in the statement about the financial status of own children, children of the spouse, adopted children to cases in which children remain in the common household with the person obliged to make the statement.
The Act on the transparency of the property of the families of major state officials, which was drafted in the Prime Minister's office, was adopted by the Sejm on September 11.
The regulations assume that, among others the prime minister, ministers, deputies, MEPs, senators, presidents of: the Constitutional Tribunal, the Supreme Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as persons heads of other state institutions will be obliged to include in the declaration of property information on the personal property of spouses, children and remaining persons in shared life.
The Senate did not propose any amendments to the Law on flights of the most important people in the country.
It regulates which flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government aircraft together with the most important people in the country.
The Act also specifies who is responsible for keeping the Central Flight Register.
55 senators voted in favor of the act - without amendments - 12 were against and four abstained.
Pursuant to the Act, each president's flight will be a flight "carried out in an official mission".
The president will be able to be accompanied by family members and other persons invited by the president.
On the other hand, the flight in the official mission of the prime minister and marshals of the Sejm and Senate will be only a flight "carried out to carry out tasks directly related to the function performed".
The Act also specifies the list of people who can accompany the most important people in the country during the flight.
According to the regulations, delegation members may be on board - invited MPs, senators, representatives of public authorities and experts; persons providing technical, medical or organizational support; as well as journalists.
Pursuant to the Act, in the event of doubts related to the flights of Marshals of the Sejm and Senate, the head of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister will request their clarification.
If such doubts are not resolved within the prescribed time, the head of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or Senate of the inability to organize such a flight.
New representative for sport
Waldemar Paluch appointed his plenipotentiary for physical culture, sport and tourism.
It was Artur Świątek, long-time president of the AZS PWSTE University Club in Jarosław, the director of the Rector's Office of the Jarosław University for the last 4 years.
photo: Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek has recently been heavily involved in the basketball reactivation project in Jarosław.
Artur Świątek is not an anonymous figure in the Jaroslaw sports environment.
A graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska since 2002, he has been an instructor at the State University of Technology and Economics in Jarosław, and has been the president for 15 years
Poles after the first training in Paris are waiting for the last rival
Polish volleyballers had their first training in Paris on Friday, where on Saturday they will play in the bronze medal match.
Vital Heynen's charges closed the road to the title after Thursday's defeat with Slovenians 1: 3 in Ljubljana.
It was loud about their problems with traveling to this duel.
This time there were no such problems - on Friday morning they went with Paris to the Slovenes charter, and a few hours later they did training in the famous hall Bercy.
According to the accounts of those present at the classes, the world champion trainer was nervous.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not to practice volleyball elements.
"We went to the hall, but for the most part it was time for the band.
The idea was to spend it together rather than train.
Talk, think about how to rebuild it all as a team, "he reported.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both players and the training staff.
"We've been brutally brought down to earth.
Without a doubt, we are disappointed.
We still believed that we would come back to this match.
We discussed the match with each other on the staff, the coach talked a lot with the players.
As two main reasons for failure I would point out ineffectiveness in attack and much worse than usual handling of situation balls.
Slovenians were much better than us in this respect, "he analyzed.
In his opinion, the "White-Red" did not stand in the way of stress related to the performance against the co-hosts of the tournament supported by loud and numerous audience.
He admitted that the world champions could have been somewhat put to sleep by the smooth way to the semi-final.
"Perhaps, if in the group stage we had a similar failure, then we would analyze this lesson faster and then play differently later in the tournament.
But this is only a fake, "he reserved.
Gogol hopes that the anger associated with Thursday's defeat will be turned into aggression by Poles in the bronze match.
"I hope we will show our true face then.
There is something to fight for.
We recently won the ME medal in 2011, ”he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city, and France is the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
In the group stage they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, for the first two meetings of the group stage they went to Apeldoorn, and moved to Ljubljana for the semi-final.
Nick Kyrgios: severe punishment, but suspended
The Australian tennis player has been given a 16-week ban on starting and a fine of $ 25,000 - on a six-month suspension - for bad words, gestures and actions at recent ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour activists are losing patience with Kyrgios, but they still give him a chance to improve.
A summary of the performances of the most uncouth professional tennis player of recent years looks scary - 16 weeks break plus a large fine, but both punishments are suspended for half a year - a trial period during which the wayward athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24 years old, but he has been breaking up for a long time and has made a peculiar tennis world record - he had to pay the highest single fine in the history of the discipline for violating the rules of conduct on and next to the court.
Loud curses, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike behavior, insulting the referee and spectators, breaking two rockets during a lost match against Karen Khachanov - all this after the August ATP Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati he paid $ 113,000.
He did not play in the US Open 2019 for long, but he managed to publicly say that ATP activists "are corrupt", which hurt the organization's authorities so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and after a few weeks they gave the said verdict on suspension of starts and another fine.
Words of corruption, however, were forgiven after hearing the accused and learning the context of the statement.
However, in the justification, tennis activists stated that the investigation showed that Kyrgios' behavior throughout the past 12 months in many cases raised serious reservations and constituted an almost constant violation of the rules, that he continually insulted vulgar players and spectators insultingly, hence the high penalty.
However, ATP gave him five days to file an appeal and immediately postponed the execution of the judgment, ordering the fulfillment of several conditions within the next six months: in ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour tournaments, Kyrgios can no longer violate the rules of code of conduct applicable to professional tennis players, in in particular, he may no longer swear, destroy rockets, quarrel with the judges and the public, or otherwise act indecently or vulgarly.
He was also advised to seek "continuous support" from mental trainers during tournaments and also during the off-season consulted with persons specializing in solving problems of athletes who could not cope with proper behavior.
Nick Kyrgios's first comment (on social media) to the verdict was: "Hey everyone, I can still play.
I just have to control my behavior, that's all. "
In practice, the Australian will have a break of at least two weeks, because in the Lavera Cup his shoulder injury got worse, so he had to give up his next starts in Beijing (September 30 - October 6) and Shanghai (October 6–13).
Kyrgios ranks 27th in the ATP ranking.
This year he won two tournaments - in Washington and Acapulco, he earned over $ 1.3 million, so even after fines he will have a lot.
GUS: Life is getting better in Poland
According to the report on household budgets published by the Central Statistical Office on Friday, it was assessed that as good or rather good its financial situation last year as much as 44 percent of them.
A year earlier this percentage was 37.2%, in 2016 33.5%, and earlier - since 2009, when the statistical office first examined the subjective assessment of the situation of households - never exceeded 30%.
In the previous year, she considered her material situation as bad or rather bad. 8.1 percent in total households, compared to 11.2 percent a year earlier and over 20% in 2009
The material situation of the households of self-employed workers is the best.
In this group, over 70% consider it good or rather good. respondents.
At the other extreme are the households of pensioners, where the percentage of such answers was only 18 percent.
The number of children also has a great impact on the subjective assessment of the financial situation of households.
The worst performers are single parents, among whom 32% declare a good or rather good financial situation.
Among couples with children, this percentage ranges (depending on the number of children) from 55 to 60 percent, and among childless households is 48.8 percent.
The effect of the 500+ program is clearly visible in these statistics.
Before it was launched (in 2016), the worst situation was assessed by single parents and families with many children (with at least three children).
The improvement of subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles is a reflection of the rapid increase in income, primarily from work.
However, this is not all, because the percentage of households that consider their situation as good increases faster than real income.
Moreover, at the level of voivodships there is no clear relationship between the level of income and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best assessments are made by the inhabitants of the Opolskie Voivodeship, where 48.9 percent think their situation is good or rather good. respondents.
Next are the Lubuskie (47.7%), Śląskie (47.6%), Mazowieckie (47.3%) and Zachodniopomorskie (47.1%) voivodships.
In Opole, meanwhile, disposable income (i.e. after paying taxes and contributions) amounted last year. less than 94% national average, and in Lubuskie 98 percent
The inhabitants of Mazowieckie (120% of the national average) and Śląskie (104%) had the highest income.
The average disposable income per person in Poland in 2018 was PLN 1693.
In real terms (after adjusting for the impact of price changes), it increased by 4.3 percent. compared to 2017
Compared to previous years, this result is quite low.
In 2016, income per capita increased by 7%, and a year later by 6.3%.
Although income growth is slowing down, it is also holding back spending growth.
Those calculated per person amounted to last year. PLN 1,187, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7 percent
This is the first such case since 2013.
In 2017, expenditure per capita increased in real terms by 1.9%, and in 2016 by 4.3%.
Household budget research suggests that statistical households currently spend 70.1 percent of their disposable income, while in 2014 this share exceeded 80 per cent, and by 2006 it exceeded 90 per cent.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a translucent blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed show of the brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Her stylization, unfortunately, was not successful.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is the wife of sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in activities for women for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in the public relations industry with companies such as PZU, Red Bull and Bayer.
As a journalist she worked in TVP1, TVN Style, Wizja Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book "Mom and Dad are us", in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0 to 3 years.
She was involved in many projects that were aimed at providing support for professionally active women.
The actions she manages include "Enterprise Women Network", "Business Women Lodge", "Congress of Women Association" and "Make Up Buisness".
Privately, she is the wife of Maciej Kurzajewski - TV presenter and sports journalist.
The marriage has two sons: Franciszek and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in a closed show of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Natasza Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also went to the event.
An intimate show could not take place without a wall on which the stars boasted their stylizations.
Unfortunately, photojournalists caught the glaring error of Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman wore a white bra under a black shirt that shone through her.
USA: Three suicides among aircraft crew
Three sailors committed suicide aboard the USS George H. W. Bush last week, the US Navy said.
In total, five crew members of this ship have been killed in the last two years.
Previous suicide took place in July this year, and earlier in November 2017.
According to CNN, all three sailors shot themselves last week.
Each of the incidents occurred ashore when USS George H. W. Bush moored off the coast of Virginia.
So far, third party participation has been excluded.
In addition, deaths are not to be related to each other.
"Everyone needs to be involved in suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to emphasize that there is no stigmatization or other repercussions associated with seeking help, "wrote Captain Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, on Facebook.
Niesiołowski critically about the Pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Lekszycki, Stefan Niesiołowski emphasized that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"In fact, his every sentence was accepted."
Later, critics of some of his actions appeared.
"For me, the fact that John Paul II could not eliminate Rydzyk's harmful activities puts a great shadow on his pontificate.
After all, this Redemptorist - a pest of the Church and Poland - developed his media into the best in the lifetime of the Polish Pope, "he explained.
A former PO politician admitted: "there were murmurs of discontent, the pope said something, once Rydzyka did not accept, but he had power and for politics he could simply expel him from the Church or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to collect money for the poor.
However, John Paul II did not do this, neither did his successors, "explained Niesiolowski.
"In addition, this fatal matter of pedophilia and the Church's activities has come, or rather their lack.
I thought a little bit ahead, but I wanted to draw attention to the whole of his life.
We have known relatively recently about the scale of pedophilia in the Church.
The question arises how it is possible that John Paul II, being the head of the Church, did not know about these abominable matters, "he says in an interview with journalist Niesiołowski.
In the opinion of the former PO politician, the Polish Church is an ally of PiS.
"I must admit that during the Solidarity period, the Church was our most important ally.
All ceremonies began with the Holy Mass, crosses hung everywhere.
Now these crosses are Pisz, they have become a symbol of dictatorship - a sign of the Pisz regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk shake the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing about it and that today the Church is an ally of PiS.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which he will pay dearly ", argued Niesiołowski.
"I hope that Pope Francis chases Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others of this type," he concluded.
HRUBIESZÓW: Tomorrow is the celebration of the 590th anniversary of the poviat
There will be gala concerts and auctions.
The jubilee gala will be held at the Hrubieszów Culture Center.
First at 10 in the church St. Nicholas will start mass.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30 in HDK.
The Hrubieszów Region Song and Dance Ensemble will perform.
Youth from I LO Stanisław Staszic will present a performance entitled "Hrubieszów Poviat: Hence my family - I live here."
Then the medals of 'Meritorious for the Hrubieszów poviat' will be awarded.
At. The 16th event will move to the city promenade, where "Hrubieszów charity for Angelika Zińkiewicz" concerts will take place.
Disco polo bands - NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and Mig evening star will play.
There will be auctions, incl. pen and porcelain of the Prime Minister.
PZPN punishes for brawls in stadiums.
Griffin disqualified
The clash in the Polish Cup between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk was almost tragic when the flare by millimeters from Wejherowo passed by the goalkeeper of the opposing team, Zlatan Alomerovic.
After this incident, the match was interrupted for 20 minutes.
The PZPN committee investigating this case imposed a severe penalty on Gryf, excluding him from future games.
The club will not be able to start in the Polish Cup in the 2020/2021 season.
In addition, supporters will not be allowed in the next match at their own stadium.
They will not be able to travel to groups in league games until December 31.
Burda at the Widzewa Łódź stadium was also called by supporters of Śląsk Wrocław.
Here, however, the PZPN judgment was milder, because Silesia warned that similar events could occur and sensitized the relevant authorities in this matter.
Despite this, the services allowed the Łódź sector to be thrown with flares, setting fire to the chairs and forcing the host sector.
This match was interrupted for eight minutes and the intervening police had to use a water cannon.
PZPN punished Silesia with a one-time stadium ban in the next match in the Polish Cup and forbade organizing trips to matches in this and the next issue of PP.
The travel ban also covers Ekstraklasa league matches, but it will last until December 31.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to replace the signage on the entire managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
The implementation of the amendment to the ordinance of the Ministry of Infrastructure in Podkarpackie regarding writing the names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish.
For example, "Lviv" will appear next to "L'viv".
In our province, the changes will be introduced on 94 road signs located at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it should be easier, more readable and simpler.
The new guidelines result from the amendment to the Regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety devices.
"We should remember that place names in neighboring countries often also have a Polish sound.
Thanks to the change in law we have prepared, they will finally appear on the signposts next to our roads.
We start the introduction of the new marking from the Podkarpackie section of the A4 motorway, ”said Infrastructure Minister Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpackie, the changes will be introduced on 94 road signs located at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total investment cost?
200 thousand zł.
First, the new marking will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is planned for November 1, 2019.
How should the idea be implemented?
It will take place without changing the boards, on a sticker basis.
They will replace the currently functioning place names with new ones, written in Polish on already existing signs.
Both names will be written on one line - first in Polish, and then in the original, in brackets.
It will be a great help for people who do not know the spelling of the names of foreign cities in the language of the country in which they are located.
Feel the game with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announces Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One - the world's first headset for Xbox One powered by haptic technology.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and provides better control over the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in creating advanced haptic technologies for a realistic touch-based experience.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and intelligent digital signal processing to generate high-resolution tactile feedback in real time, giving you the opportunity to fully immerse yourself in every game on Xbox One.
The technology recognizes sound signals and transforms them into dynamic vibrations, so players can get into the game without installing additional software.
By using the sense of touch, sound signals can accurately imitate actions in the game.
Razer HyperSense recreates events - from silent steps to powerful explosions, accurately reflecting all activities in the player's environment.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One has been designed to give all players an extra dimension of gameplay.
Thanks to HyperSense, we let them completely immerse themselves in their favorite titles, "said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President, Razer Peripherals.
The rotary ear pads are equipped with foam pads with shape memory and a cooling gel layer to reduce heat generated during prolonged use.
For even easier operation of the headphones, the retractable microphone has a quick mute button, and on the headphone housing there is a HyperSense intensity control and a balance slider between the game and the chat.
The self-adjusting headband ensures a seamless and accurate fit.
In addition, Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One has an Xbox Wireless function that allows direct connection to the console without the need for a wireless transceiver, allowing for quick and easy configuration.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic for more realistic sound.
Razer Nari Ultimate, originally intended for PCs, debuted on the market in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was priced at 219.99 euros.
Someone shot a swan with a windbreaker
In the pond in Zameczo in Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan with wing problems.
After catching and visiting the vet, it turned out that someone had made a target of the animal - a shotgun from windbreaker was found in his body.
"He received information about a wounded bird from the village inhabitants of the Wild Animal Rehabilitation Center in Nowa Sól.
The report showed that the animal had broken wings.
We went to the place.
It was immediately apparent that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely so as not to hurt him and not subject him to additional stress.
The swan was caught and taken to the vet.
After the first X-ray, it was already known that someone had made a shooting target out of him.
There were shards in his body in his body, "says Marcin Walasek, president of the Malpol company that manages, among others rehabilitation center.
I am wintering in the center
"The wounds were cleaned, the bird was given antibiotics, access to water was provided, a safe place in the center where he would spend all winter.
We're trying to strengthen it.
He can't fly yet.
Letting him go now would probably mean that he wouldn't survive the winter, "adds Walasek.
Staff after having undergone swan rehabilitation intends to release him in the spring to the same pond.
After receiving information about the cause of the animal's poor health, the authorities of the commune of Żukowice intend to inform the prosecutor's office about the case.
The incident occurred in Zamosc
Gowin: "We must stimulate Polish small trade"
"Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, you will have to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education, leader of the Alliance Jarosław Gowin on Friday.
Gowin during a conversation in "Sygnały Dnia" on radio Jedynka stated that trade is controlled by international networks, which impose such low margins on Polish producers that actually Polish companies cannot grow.
To the remark that this problem is very difficult to fight, the deputy prime minister reminded that the PiS government had tried to deal with it at the very beginning of the term, but got "a counterattack by the EC".
"We won before the court of justice and I hope that if the United Right wins the next election and formulates a government, we will return to this topic," he said.
He also noted that "effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish, and thus small trade".
"It will be necessary to think about whether the government or the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Gowin.
In May, an EU court ruled that the European Commission had made a mistake in considering that the Polish retail tax was unlawful state aid.
The Act on retail sales tax assumed the introduction of two rates of trade tax: 0.8 percent. from revenues between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4 percent from revenues above PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was to apply from September 2016.
In September 2016, the EC initiated proceedings for violation of EU law by Poland.
Brussels argued at the time that the tax design could favor smaller stores, which could be considered as state aid.
She further stated that the tribute had been implemented unlawfully.
It also issued an order to suspend the application of the tax until its analysis was completed by officials in Brussels.
Poland disagreed with this position, but tax collection was suspended.
An EU court decision in May paved the way for a tax re-introduction, but it did not end the case.
On 24 July, the Commission lodged an appeal with the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the CJEU's press service informed PAP that the case is currently at the written stage, in which both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
For now, it is not known if and when the oral procedure will start, i.e. hearing the parties and a possible hearing.
It takes a good few to several months from an appeal to the announcement of the judgment.
"This procedure takes an average of a year," a source at the Luxembourg Tribunal told PAP.
How to dress a child for baptism?
We suggest some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of an infant and his parents.
It is often the first occasion where the whole family gathers around the child, celebrating his appearance in the world together.
It is no wonder then that the newly baked mom and dad want their child to look its best on this day.
However, before you make the final decision about your child's outfit, think about whether it will also be comfortable.
In stores you can find many fancy sets that do not provide the child with adequate comfort.
So what should you pay attention to?
The basic criterion for choosing a baptismal clothing is the age of the child
Until recently, babies baptized for several weeks, dressed up in white sets and put into the same becks or big cushions.
Today, children entering the sacrament are often older: several months, one year old and even larger.
It is not difficult to guess that such a big baby needs a slightly different baptism clothes.
Therefore, if your child is 3–4 months old on the day of baptism, he will probably spend the ceremony in a pram or on the hands of his parents or godparents.
The best solution will be to dress it with comfortable, cotton rompers or sets.
Although this item of clothing is considered a casual outfit, you only need to look for its festive variants, for example with a frill or lace.
A boy with a bow tie and suspenders print will be perfect for the boy.
For older children, you can afford more fantasy in clothing.
The girl will look beautiful in a simple tulle dress
Many girls' parents look forward to richly decorated, frilly dresses for baptism complete with coats, headbands and hats.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, breathable materials for their products, in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In the search for the right clothes, it will be better to look at the Asanti for Kids store, which offers elegant outfits with cotton lining.
Delicate, tulle skirts, satin dresses, laces, applications and charming sets will make your daughter look gorgeous and feel comfortable.
The perfect outfit for a little gentleman: a cotton suit
Until recently, boys' fashion was in fashion for suits that were copies of 'adult' models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, stiff collars or flat caps often made young elegance loudly show their dissatisfaction.
Today, fortunately, they have been supplanted by comfortable, cotton sets.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for Kids, i.e. soft, sweat shorts, plus a blouse decorated on the front with a vest pattern.
These outfits look very festive, and at the same time do not restrict the movements of the child who knows the world.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published a financial statement
Krystyna Pawłowicz made a declaration of property at the end of the term.
It shows that a PiS MP gathered 110,000 PLN savings.
Let us remind you that Pawłowicz announced his departure from politics.
Ending the term, he has the amount of 110 thousand. zł
According to the statement made by the MP, she receives a monthly pension of 4.7 thous. zł.
Pawłowicz owns a flat with a value of PLN 570,000 PLN and slightly smaller, which he rents, charging PLN 880 per month.
The MP also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at 150,000. zł.
Jarosław Kaczyński also published a financial statement earlier.
Voting on a break in the proceedings during the Conservative Party conference
British parliamentarians voted against a three-day break in the House of Commons for the Conservative Party's annual conference conference, as requested by the government.
289 MPs were in favor, 306 against.
It is customary for the House of Commons not to meet at party conferences so that Members do not have to resign from participation in them or from parliamentary meetings.
However, opposition parties have recognized that in such a crucial time as the last weeks before Britain's exit from the European Union scheduled for October 31st, parliament should not stop the meeting.
289 MPs were in favor of the government's request for a break, 306 were against.
Two opposition parties after conventions
Lack of consent for a break may be perceived as the political revenge of the opposition at Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday the decision was declared unlawful and illegal by the Supreme Court) and that after the judges' decision I want to apologize for her.
Following this ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday, with Johnson's speech followed by a heated debate following it.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding early elections.
"The time has come to realize Brexit.
It must be implemented to respect the result of the referendum.
Brexit must come so that we can deal with the agreement on citizens' priorities, health care, and the cost of living.
Brexit must be realized so that we can unite this country, "said Johnson.
The Conservative Party conference is scheduled to start in Manchester this Sunday and last until Wednesday, October 2nd.
Conferences of two main opposition groups - the Labor Party and Liberal Democrats - have already taken place.
One of the justifications Johnson gave in explaining such a long suspension of parliament was party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
"President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders," write foreign media.
The president's spokesman strongly denied these reports.
"This is simply not true," Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
Israeli media, incl. "Haaretz" and "Jerusalem Post", citing the "Jewish Insider", write that during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora at the Polish consulate in New York, Andrzej Duda stated that Israel is to blame for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said that the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland is a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to the words of the Israeli Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who stated in February that "Poles sucked anti-Semitism with mothers' milk."
Andrzej Duda said he regrets that Israel did not apologize for the humiliating statements of its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression against the Polish ambassador to Israel Marek Magierowski.
In May he was attacked by an attacker who shouted: "Pole, Pole".
"The quote is not only inaccurate.
This is simply not true, ”Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
He emphasized that Duda "never said that Israel is responsible for recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
According to Spychalski, the portal "came up with this".
According to the interlocutors of "JI", during the meeting there was also a dispute between the survivor of the Holocaust, decorated with the Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland Edward Mosberg, and rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg was to agree with the words of President Duda and say that Jews from Israel "such as Israel Kac" are responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to sources from the portal, Boteach was to interrupt Mosberg's statement.
Who is Banana and what is he at fault?
The tenement house rented by pimps led the journalist to discover negligence in the property declarations of Marian Banas.
We summarize another scandal that shook the ruling camp.
Journalists of TVN's "Supervisor" revealed that Marian Banaś, president of the Supreme Audit Office, has not entered in the asset declaration a 400-meter tenement house in Krakow's Podgórze district in recent years.
What's more, his sub-tenant was supposed to run sex business in the building (hence, rent rooms for hours).
In turn, the building itself was allegedly a collateral for the loan repayment from 2016.
Bertold Kittel pointed out the irregularities in the program "Supervisor".
The journalist revealed that the house was rented from Banasia by people associated with the criminal world to use it as a place of "erotic meetings."
The clients were to be men using the services of prostitutes.
Banaś responded vaguely and vaguely to the allegations.
Interestingly, the tenement rented by the pimps led the journalist to discover negligence in Banasia's property declarations.
The house itself was described in them vaguely, and the income from its rental was to be underestimated.
"The property of Marian Banas and his wife can be worth from PLN 6 to 8 million.
In total, the spouses can boast of two houses, three apartments, savings [...] ", writes Money.pl.
And according to the analysis of the portal, the Banasia tenement house itself was already worth about PLN 3 million.
The Central Anti-Corruption Bureau is currently inspecting Marian Banasia's property declarations for 2015–2019.
Banaś announced that he would suspend his activities at the Supreme Audit Office until its completion. "I will ask the marshal for unpaid leave," he assured.
The opposition is demanding clarification.
"We don't hear that the CBA would extend its investigation or accelerate the examination of Marian Banas' property declarations.
Therefore, we are forced to remove the state authorities and submit a notification about the possibility of committing a crime [...], "said PO-KO MP Mariusz Witczak.
"If a normal Pole so grossly priced rental of his property, he would already have 10 controls, tax addiction and criminal and tax proceedings," he added.
He went high, he fell low
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Audit Office.
He was appointed to this position on August 30, 2019, for a 6-year term.
His candidacy was proposed by Law and Justice and accepted by the votes of politicians from this party.
Earlier, Banaś was associated with the Supreme Audit Office in 1992–2005, he was active in this institution as a collaborator of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first PiS rule (2005–2008), Banaś was the president of the Customs Service and also the Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Finance.
From 2015, he again sat on the stool of the head of the Customs Service, and from 2017 he managed the National Tax Administration.
For three months, Banaś was the minister of finance in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki.
Cooler Master introduces the graphics card holder
Graphics cards can currently weigh a lot, and this naturally makes room for the category of products that would not be found on store shelves a decade ago.
This is the solution - the ELV8 RGB graphic card holder - presented by Cooler Master.
The new model of the graphics card holder is not only a functional solution allowing for more reliable maintenance of the graphics card without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-express slot.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task - decorative.
"Rzeczpospolita": Ignoring the policeman's orders will be punished
According to the newspaper, disregarding the order of specific behavior issued by a police officer is to be a new type of offense, threatened with a fine, arrest or restriction of liberty.
Police trade unionists want this change.
The idea went to the parliamentary Committee on Petitions.
"The case is serious, because already every year over half a million misdemeanors are brought to Polish courts," we read.
Rzeczpospolita has determined that the petition that the Independent Trade Union of Policemen is writing to MPs regarding the amendment of the Code of Offenses has a chance of success.
The authors of the petition propose a new wording for Art. 54a of the Code of Offenses.
It would read: "Whoever does not comply with the request or order of a public official, issued within the limits and on the basis of the provisions of the Act, is subject to the arrest, fine or restriction of liberty."
"Par. 3 of this provision speaks of an identical punishment for those who, by not following orders, will prevent or hinder the performance of official duties, "reports the diary.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told Rzeczpospolita that, although he agrees with the main message of the recipe proposal, he is afraid that if implemented, it may be used in political manifestations.
"In situations of freedom demonstrations it would be unfavorable and instead of mitigating the situation, they would even exacerbate it," he adds.
The statistics provided by the newspaper show that 86 percent. citizens positively assessed police interventions in 2018 and that the services undertake 1.5 million city interventions every month.
Buras is worried about Europe
Jáchym Topol has writing in his blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators and writers.
Father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important Czech post-war playwrights, today mentioned in a row with Václav Havel.
Above Jáchym from the beginning hung the curse of talent, which he tries to use.
After eight years, he returned with a Sensitive Man.
The heroes are Buras and Soňa with their two sons, who, however, do not form a typical Czech family.
They are traveling actors, they travel around Europe.
He is Shakespeare's lover and thief, she is a one-eyed translator who does not part with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys from birth did not make a sound, and for the other time stopped in infancy.
But it is not the heroes that are the most important in this story.
Everyone is only a background to observe the world in which there is no more room for artistic nomads.
This is a world of a fleeting province, a society of old, suspicious people and promiscuous youth.
"Sensitive man" sometimes turns into an absurd theater.
The narrative mimics didaskalia, and the characters' conversations create this world.
The stage is Europe full of fears for its future, but also constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines canceled 105 flights due to the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook
Although the British travel agency Thomas Cook has collapsed, its Belgian branch Neckermann is operational.
However, the company has problems.
According to VRT, Brussels Airlines announced that they will cancel 105 flights in October due to bankruptcy problems with Thomas Cook.
Neckermann also laid off 75 employees.
All trips with the office that have been booked in Belgium will be canceled, but vacationers will be able to get a refund.
The Ghent court also declared bankruptcy of three Belgian daughter companies: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, approx. 12 thousand Belgians travel abroad on trips bought at Thomas Cook.
Another 40 thousand people were to leave the office by the end of the year.
As late as Monday, spokeswoman Thomas Cook Belgium Leen Segers said the company is now "fully operational" despite the bankruptcy of the British parent, which caused concern among employees and customers.
The office reassured then that customers who bought trips in it, would go on vacation.
Thomas Cook - the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies in the world - went bankrupt on the night of Sunday to Monday.
The immediate reason for the bankruptcy was the collapse of last-minute talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
Creditors demanded that, in addition to the £ 900m rescue plan already agreed in August, the company earn an additional $ 200m as collateral for the winter, when travel agents usually have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems have been growing for several years, resulting in a debt of up to 1.6 billion pounds.
Michał Kubiak after the match with Slovenia (1: 3).
"I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
We played very poorly.
This tournament is not over for us yet ”, said the captain of the Polish volleyball team Michał Kubiak after defeat with Slovenia 1: 3 in the European Championship semi-final.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for your review
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion - German Görlitz has prepared such an amazing offer for newcomers.
The activities are to help combat the progressive decline in the city's population.
Görlitz is Germany's easternmost city.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140,000 annually. tourists.
However, as the Guardian writes, the city is facing significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with a permanent decrease in the number of inhabitants.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them went to the west of the country, which translated into a decrease of the city's population by 25 percent.
In 2013, it amounted to 54,000 people.
To combat depopulation, officials came up with the idea of ​​starting to offer free monthly accommodation in the city.
So far, 150 applications have been submitted to the program.
Two-thirds of them were made by residents of large cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and Great Britain have also become interested in the program.
"When we applied, we thought the program would convince people to move to Görlitz," said one of the project participants.
"Now we feel it doesn't matter whether we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has seven thousand free apartments, and unemployment is three times higher than the average for the whole country.
Although the city authorities hope that some will move permanently, the main goal of the program is to get feedback from program participants.
Information collected from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revive smaller German cities.
"We want to learn more about what people need, and if they decide to move - how motivated they were," said program manager Robert Knippschild.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents, offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals for living and working in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy, or in American Tulsa, Oklahoma.
