Father Józef Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He's charismatic.
His Mass for release and healing draws crowds.
He was a dozen years old when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, through the Franciscan, others experience this.
The Mass for release and healing, celebrated by Fr. Witko, draws crowds
The parents of a 7-month-old baby who had a 7.5 mm hole in his heart came to see him.
It was supposed to be operated on.
Father Józef Witko prayed over him.
Later that day, the boy was rushed to hospital for treatment.
Astonished doctors ruled: 'surgery is not needed, the defect is just 1.5 mm'.
My parents cried with happiness.
After another Franciscan prayer, the hole disappeared completely.
He began to experience the unusual actions of the Creator as a teenager.
In his dreams, purgatory Souls came to him asking for help.
I was woken up in the night and urged to pray for the dead and those who were dying in the moment, " he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what happens to a man who commits a mortal sin.
"My body started to change.
I lost my human features and started to take on the appearance of an animal,” she says.
An invisible force lifted him up, he couldn't get his voice out.
He felt lost.
Then God gave him a rescue.
"Immersed in the waters of the river symbolizing holy baptism, I was freed and returned to human form...” I don't know, " he says.
He never told anyone about these strange experiences.
He had a vocation.
He was 16 when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons, he wanted not only to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience him alive.
Members of the charismatic community of renewal in the Holy Spirit
Many people participate in the healing masses celebrated by Father Witko, who hope to get rid of the disease.
However, the clergyman stresses that their main purpose is spiritual healing, not carnal healing.
Kolping FRAC's first defeat
On this afternoon (26 September 2014) Kolping FRAC team deservedly defeated the current Polish Darts Champion Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki at home in the 3. Lotto Table Tennis Superleague standings.
The jaroslavians, in the same personnel combination they presented with grodziskanów, have a slim chance of winning against the league champions.
This was demonstrated by a duel with Dartom Bogoria.
The team is still missing the team's designated leader, Chen Jingqi.
Perhaps with him in the squad, Yaroslavl could claim a third consecutive triumph in the new season.
Young Asian Player Qiyao Han has yet to match the likes of Greek Panagiotis Gionis and Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most promising Poles, Marek Badowski.
The player from Hellada was the biggest star of the match in the MOSiR Hall on Sikorskiego Street in Jarosław.
Both Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei were a class in their own right.
After three duels Kolping FRAC led 2-1.
Kou Lei probably beat Marek Badowski and Daniel Górak after a thrilling five – set battle with Pavel Siruck.
But then it got worse.
Gionis gave no chance to Lea.
There was still hope of winning by two points, but Qiyao Han failed to match Badowski.
There will be no additional testing for seniors.
Why?
According to the announcements of Rafał Trzaskowski, a programme of free preventive tests for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not go into effect because it has not gained approval from the Ministry of Health and its subordinate agency for Health Technology Protection and Tarification.
In its explanatory memorandum, the agency explained that the target group had been poorly selected.
"These actions may even impair the detection of individual disease individuals, which may exacerbate the difficulty of accessing NHS services and negatively affect the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with false positive tests," they wrote.
The decision of the ministry is not understood by the president of the capital.
"The money is ours, we have money for it.
The only thing the government is afraid of is that if people get tested they will go to the doctor later, which is absurd because the idea is to bring about a situation where prevention can be done more quickly.
All the experts know that it helps when it comes to the burden of the health system, because it helps with the rapid detection of diseases and a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand,” said Rafał Trzaskowski.
"It's hard for me to imagine experts saying, Let's not get tested, because there will be longer queues at the doctor, and if such specialists are advising the government, I'm not surprised that the health service is in this state," Mr PO added.
Palestine responds to Israel: we will scrap all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told a session of the U. N. General Assembly on Thursday that he would scrap any agreements reached with Israel if the country's future government tried to comply with Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement to annex occupied Palestinian lands.
"If the future government of Israel, which will be formed, proceeds to implement this plan, we will cancel all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made," he announced.
"We will reject the whole plan completely and completely," Abbas threatened with pressure.
"It is our duty to defend all our rights by all possible means – no matter what the consequences – by fully engaging in the application of international law and in the fight against terrorism," declared the Palestinian Authority President, who made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, Israel's former prime minister, was once again given the task of forming a government after the September 17 election.
A week before the election, he announced that if he won it, he would announce the annexation of the Jordan Valley and would include all Jewish settlements throughout the West Bank into Israel.
In the early 1990s. Israel and the Palestinians, led by Yasser Arafat at the time, signed a series of peace agreements that the United States supported.
The 84-year-old Abbas also promised during a session of the U. N. General Assembly to hold general elections on Palestinian lands.
The last was held in 2006.
”When I return home, I will call local elections in the West Bank, Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem, and all who oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community,” the Palestinian President solemnly declared.
Abbas also defended in his speech the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the UN, to exercise the powers enjoyed by "full members of the UN and all its bodies and institutions."
The Palestinian leader ended his speech with a call to the international community to "force Israel to comply with the provisions of the United Nations in full."
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas's speech, declaring that the Palestinian leader "would rather focus at the UN on the Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel than fight against calls for terrorism in the Palestinian Authority under his leadership."
Danon, the agencies note, made no reference, however, to Netanyahu's announced annexation of Occupied Palestinian lands.
Rescuers want defibrillators at critical points in Przemysl
The story from the border crossing shows that an automatic AED defibrillator can save lives.
The Provincial Ambulance Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be placed in sensitive areas of the city.
For their attitude, the officers received congratulatory diplomas from the Provincial Ambulance Station in Przemyśl.
Applicant Daniel Cyrnek, senior applicant Grzegorz Bal and Commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Podkarpackie customs office in Przemyśl.
On August 28, they were on duty at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medyka. A Customs and Border Protection officer spotted a man lying unconscious in a pedestrian area.
Chinese activist dies in custody from torture
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Constitution.
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, was called on September 23 by a Communist Party secretary from her home village to report that her husband had just died in a military hospital in Hengyang.
What was the cause of death, he did not disclose.
At the morgue, Cao saw her husband's body butchered, unrecognizable.
"His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were covered in blood," the woman says.
"They wouldn't let me take my cell phone with them, and there were a lot of police around who wouldn't get close to Wang,"he said.
Police pressed her to sign a statement saying her husband was seriously ill and died as a result of an "unfortunate accident."
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for research and development
Almost PLN 105 million of the funding will go to companies in the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
The National Center for research and Development announced the results of the third edition of GameINN on Friday.
Among the nearly 30 projects supported by the NCBR were m.in. development of a platform for creating Field Games based on the AR game engine creating a map of the real world with an application for user data transfer; a test and training platform for verifying practical skills at work and training using VR and AI technologies; an innovative game simulating the management of real production processes using an innovative gameplay model based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the Industry 4.0 concept, the NCBR announced on Friday.
The goal of the GameINN sector programme is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish video game industry on the global market by 2023.
According to the NCBR, already today the Polish video game sector is growing at a rate of 10%. annual.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 amounted to PLN 1.85 billion, while the forecast for 2019 is PLN 2.23 billion.
"The specially prepared GameINN research agenda and the support already reaching PLN 300 million for entrepreneurs under this sector programme provide an important impetus for the further, dynamic growth of the Polish gamedev", we read in the communication.
The video game industry is an excellent example of the effective use of the potential that we have in Poland.
"Incentives introduced by the government for innovative entrepreneurs, such as R & amp; D concessions, competency improvement programmes, IP box and support programmes implemented by NCBR drive the innovative activities of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a very competitive market", says Deputy Prime Minister, minister of Science and higher education Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the communication.
The head of the Ministry of Science points out that money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of project funding, but also stays in their pockets – three-quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from R & amp; D in 2018 than the year before. 
"The amount of deducted costs for R & amp; D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in over PLN 300 million in savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is equivalent to the support provided by the NCBR in the three editions of GameINN,” says the deputy prime minister.
Wojciech Kamieniecki, director of the NCBR, recalls that in the two previous competitions, 78 innovative projects were awarded funding totalling over PLN 211.2 million.
The huge interest in the competition and the variety of applications submitted show that the video game industry has the ideas and skills to further develop and increase its competitive advantage.
"It is particularly pleasing that among the projects selected – as in previous editions – there are projects for solutions not only for entertainment, but also for Industry 4.0," he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding up to PLN 20 million.
The NCBR received 87 applications for a total amount of funding approx. £ 317m.
The budget of the competition at the time of the announcement of the competition was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects received almost PLN 105 million in funding.
Detailed results of the 3rd GameINN competition are available at ncbr.gov.pl.
The GameINN sector programme is implemented under the Smart Development Operational Programme.
NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to an initiative by entrepreneurs associated with the Polish games Alliance, which includes m.in. companies such as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga pleads guilty to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident occurred on September 16.
Dolberg, who joined Nice from Ajax at the end of August, realised after training that his watch had disappeared from the dressing room.
Not just any, because it's worth 70,000 euros.
The Furious Dane did not show up for class the next day, citing stomach problems.
The case was puzzling from the start.
Players in the changing rooms have private safes at their disposal and the club's grounds are monitored.
Diaby-Fadiga eventually confessed to the theft, according to the AFP news agency.
The 18-year-old has already apologised to Dolberg and other teammates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised the Dane to return the money for the watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most promising young footballers in France.
He joined Nice as a 13-year-old, making his first-team debut three years later.
He appeared in seven games that season.
He recently signed a professional contract but, according to the newspaper L'equipe, the club are likely to terminate him with immediate effect.
For now, he has opened disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, declined to comment on the matter.
Make sure you wash your hands properly
We all know that you need to wash them (e.g. when you come home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it in the right way.
That's important, especially now that autumn's infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
And most of us wash them less!
Just warm water and regular soap – it's not true that it has to be antibacterial (many doctors even advise against it).
When washing, we rub not only the undersides and tops of the hand, but also: finger tips (joined or individually) – rub them with circular movements against the inside of the other hand, spaces between the fingers (intertwine the hands, rubbing the fingers against each other), thumbs – we embrace each thumb with the other hand and spin it right and left.
In an emergency situation (when you cannot wash your hands) we should wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief and then use antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from 5 PLN).
When using a public toilet, do not touch door handles or doors with your washed hands (recommendation of the Chief Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them with a paper towel.
Iran president says he rejected offer of talks with U.S., Donald Trump denies
Tehran has not entered into talks with the U.S. side at the U. N. General Assembly in New York despite an American offer to lift sanctions, Iranian President Hasan Rowhani said on Friday.
US President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side who asked for the restrictions to be lifted, which he refused to do.
According to Iranian President Hasan Rowhani, the Americans offered to lift all sanctions imposed on Tehran in exchange for negotiating a new international agreement.
It would regulate both Iran's nuclear program and its ballistic missile program.
Rowhani: Iran won't enter talks amid pressure
The Iranian president said he had not agreed to the talks because of the "toxic atmosphere."
He said he had met with American diplomats because he had succumbed to pressure from France, Germany and Britain.
He stressed, however, that Iran would not engage in talks under "maximum pressure."
"Even if we want to negotiate with the Americans in a 5+1 format, no one can predict what the end result will be," Rowhani said.
A day earlier, the Iranian leader said he would not rule out talks with the U.S. and accused European parties to the nuclear deal of favoring U.S. sanctions on Iran.
He added that sanctions imposed on Iran after the U.S. pulled out of the nuclear deal "are a precondition that does not allow" for dialogue.
If we can lift that precondition and if America lifts sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America, " he declared.
He added that he did not rule out a meeting with US President Donald Trump, even though he did not agree to such a conversation at the UN General Assembly last week.
Trump: "Iran asked, I said no”
Donald Trump tweeted that he rejected the Iranian side's request.
"Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them so that we could meet.
Of course I said "no!""tweeted the US President.
Tension with nuclear deal in the background
France, Germany and Britain are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran to salvage in some form a 2015 deal with Iran, of which they were signatories.
It said that in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions, Iran would give up its nuclear weapons program and put its nuclear sector under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the U.S. withdrawal from the agreement in May 2015, its other signatories have repeatedly said they want to keep the agreement in place.
So far, nothing has come of it.
Washington uses tactics to exert maximum pressure on Iran, and sanctions include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran has said that if it does not get permission to export the raw material, it will limit its obligations under the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESZÓW: Cabaret pod Wyrwigrosz
We got passes for you!
Cabaret pod Wyrwigrosz will perform on 6 October at 4 p.m. in the Hrubieszów House of Culture. in Hrubieszów.
The Cabaret will present a program called"Tra ta ta".
They will m.in. talk about pop-up drinks and about Toruń geothermia.
Tickets are £ 60, you can buy them from HDK and also on the website biletowakasa.pl.
For TZ readers, we have free passes.
If you want to get it, check out our Facebook page.
A judge at the Regional Administrative Court in Warsaw and the husband of Emilie's hater, who, according to her words and WhatsApp screenshots, was involved in stalking the judges, was reinstated by the NSA on Wednesday.
Reason: no disciplinary action has been taken against him, so there is no basis for upholding the order of WSA president Wojciech Mazur to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, the disciplinary spokesman for the NSA, opened an investigation into Szmydt in late August, but it has not yet evolved into a case against him.
Although the NSA, which acts as a disciplinary tribunal in such cases, has to deal with the decision of the president of the NSA within a month of its release.
In this situation, a judge who has spoken publicly about his wife's mental problems in order to discredit her, who has been removed from the Office of the Supreme Court because of his suspected involvement in a hatter's group, will return to the bench and issue judgments on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his involvement in the hate group.
He claims there is no evidence for this other than fake screenshots and the words of his wife, whom he is divorcing.
That's exactly what the other judges associated with "caste" say: they're all innocent, there's no evidence.
And it's quite possible that they'll get their way.
Because prosecutors have not lifted a finger to secure evidence from their electronic devices, they are also silent about the contents of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which she seized in June in another case.
Police did not lift a finger to secure the devices of those whom Judge Waldemar Żurek identified as stalkers in a February report.
There's no evidence – there's no Szmydt case, there's no caste case.
Nor is the case against NIK boss Marian Banasia of renting out the tenement to pimps and concealing income.
CBA is reviewing its asset statements.
And he'll check when he does.
And the committee of parliamentary ethics will not take up Banas, because the Sejm is suspended (but the committee of State control somehow got together to make a curio-decision to dismiss banasio's deputies and appoint as acting his lawyer, although the law does not provide for such a strange combination).
The whole thing reminds me of a movie novel, An American one, about a wife coming home and finding her husband in bed with her lover.
She is so stunned and devastated that she can't cough up a word.
She stands at the door speechless, and at that time the mistress quickly jumps out of bed, gets dressed and leaves.
And the husband makes the bed.
When the wife regains her voice and shouts: "What is this?"
Who is this woman?
The husband calmly asks: What woman, darling?
Except when it comes to" caste " or Banasia, it's a parody of the state.
And it's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: signing a contract with the auditor for auditing the financial statements for the years 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The management board of Maxipizza S. A. informs that on 27 September 2019 it signed an agreement with Premium Audyt Spółka z o.o. with its Registered office in Poznań at czartoria 1/1 Street, entered under KRS number 0000540136 into the Register of entrepreneurs of the National Court register maintained by the District Court Poznań – Nowe Miasto and Wilda in Poznań, VIII Commercial Division of the National Court register, entered into the list of entities entitled to audit financial statements under number 3992.
The subject of the agreement is the audit of the financial statements of Maxipizza S. A. for the following financial years: a. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, C. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in high jump final
Returning to competition earlier this season after a maternity break, the London 2017 World Championships bronze medallist clocked 1.85 and 1.89 in the first attempt and 1.92 in the second.
She was only able to reach 1.94 in her third attempt.
"I'm glad.
I showed I can fight because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I will have to jump better technically,” Licinko admitted on Eurosport's camera.
American Vashti Cunningham and Belarusian Karyna Demidik were the best in the preliminaries with 1.94 each.
Both fighters were the only ones not to drop any height.
The women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
Kick-off at 7.30 pm GMT.
Kornel Morawiecki remains in hospital in serious condition
He was taken to hospital and doctors described his condition as severe.
It has to be said that he is conscious and conscious.
He said: "We believe he will come out of this and win again.
We are all praying that he will recover," an anonymous close friend of Kornel Morawiecki told reporters in an interview with the "Super Express."
The prime minister's father is running for the Senate in the upcoming election.
"My immediate family and my politics keep me alive, "Kornel Morawiecki said in an interview with the"Super Express" newspaper two weeks ago.
In January, "Super Express" reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki was taken to A Military Hospital in Wrocław for tests.
She said: "I developed strange, worrying symptoms and went to hospital.
Turns out I have jaundice.
But the worst was ahead of me.
When a CT scan was carried out, I was told I had pancreatic cancer...” the prime minister's father said.
A few days later, Kornel Morawiecki underwent major surgery at the MSWiA hospital in Warsaw.
According to Morawiecki, President Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain, priest Zbigniew Kras, to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and was successful.
"I know a lot of people have prayed for me, for which I thank you very much.
Fortunately, I don't have metastasis.
I don't know if I'm going through chemotherapy yet.
I put myself in the hands of specialist doctors who are rather optimistic.
For now, after this heavy operation, I need to get back to some sort of usefulness.
I hope everything will be OK, "Kornel Morawiecki said in an interview with"SE" in January.
He said: "if I had taken the test too late, the situation would have been tragic and I would have said goodbye to the carcass by now...” I don't know, " he added.
Kraków: missing 14-year-old girl
Officers from the Metropolitan Police Headquarters in Krakow are searching for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact us.
She went missing on the evening of September 26 and has so far not returned or made contact with loved ones.
She was last seen at Stary Gościec Street in Kraków.
Nel is 14 years old, measures 167 cm, has blond hair and gray-blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was dressed in a hoodie, grey trousers and boots.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact police at 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112 997.
The power of the oława jumps.
The title of the coverage of the amateur sports competition, played on Sunday afternoon 15 September at the Hippodrome on Oleandry Street in Oława, may be confusing to some.
True power is a long way away, but this is the name of one of the types of horse competition...
The power of jumping competition involves the rider and horse overcoming ever higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed up to two metres.
It is worth to add that the long-standing and still unbeaten world record, set in 1949 by the Chilean Albert Larraguibel on the horse "Huaso", is 247 cm.
No one has jumped this high in Oława, of course, but the result of the best local Amazons at 135 cm is not one of the worst...
The competition organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other JKS activists "in the saddle", was a demonstration part of the "Rainbow riding competitions", about which we write more broadly in this issue of the newspaper, on Page 22.
Eight Amazons, who train equestrian in oława JKS, joined the competition.
Four competed on ponies and four on large horses.
Nikola Szołdra, riding a crazy "sprinter", was the best performer in the first group.
This small but dynamic steed started by overcoming obstacles spread over a height of 40 cm, and finished only at a stationary position with the top beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not give up easily and after three consecutive rejections he was removed from further competition by the jury of the competition.
Second place in pony jumping was taken by Amelia Pawlak, riding "Famy", and third by Lena Boruń on "Harmider".
The youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, galloping and jumping over obstacles on the small mare "Carmen" - competed.
There was even greater excitement among the contestants and spectators during the competition involving the big horses.
Serious-looking falls included Paulina Shevczyk, who rode "Declaration," and Anastasia Abramenko, who rode "Lotta."
Fortunately, apart from minor bumps, neither the Amazons nor the horses were harmed, so they continued to participate in the competition.
A lot of problems with introducing the young mare "Wineta" to parkur had Weronika Łuczkiewicz riding her.
It required either an assistant trainer or another horse to pair up, followed by the somewhat crazy "Wineta".
After she passed the parkour hurdle, she also skidded full speed, so it got dangerous in the stalls and on the stretch. "Everything is under control!", reassured Jan Sienkiewicz some frightened viewers, especially the youngest ones.
From the beginning of the big horses competition, Marta Masalska performed well on the parkura, riding a beautifully presented "Whisky".
This dignified mare, paired with the experienced Amazon, was the first to jump 135 cm in the final stage and was the best result of the competition at the time.
After a while, however, Paulina Shevczyk on "declaration", Veronika Łuczkiewicz on "Wineta" and Anastasia Abramenko on "Lotka"also scored the same amount.
To decorate flo and to receive prizes in the form of equestrian equipment, all these contestants went together, and at the end together with Amazons on ponies in the tact of the March Radecki performed an impressive round of honour, ending with this interesting and exciting competition.
Credits
The Equestrian Sports Club " W saddle "warmly thanks the sponsors of the power of the jump competition during the XVI" Rainbow riding competitions": the Oława City office, the Oława Waterworks and sewerage plant, the district administration and the company"Mustang".
Max Kolonko splits from KWW the Patriotic Revolution by Max Kolonko
KWW patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko is the name of the electoral committee under which the political formation #R Revolution of Mariusz Max Kolonko was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution targeted its proposal especially to young voters with right-wing views.
Before the election, Kolonko announced his cooperation with Marek Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions occurred, and the KWW patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko alone failed to gather enough signatures to issue lists in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko has announced on Twitter that he has ended his partnership with KWW's Max Kolonko's patriotic Revolution.
"I will expect w/w KWW to remove my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to connect my person with the aforementioned entity,” he added, and announced that he would provide more information soon.
For now, it is unclear whether the journalist will continue his work, or whether this is the end of the #R revolution formation.
On July 4, on the American Independence Day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko, residing in the USA, informed about the formation of a new political formation - #R Revolution.
In recent years Kolonko has become famous for hosting the YouTube channel Max TV, on which he comments on events in Poland and the world.
"We are sick of politicians, sick of your stupid games, sick of your amateurish governments.
It is time for the government in the state to embrace the nation and govern for the good of the nation,” Kolonko said at the time.
The party's agenda included m.in. issues concerning the judiciary (she should be elected by General Election), tax changes (equalising the tax-free quota for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid to the eastern flank of NATO, with particular regard to Poland), holding a referendum on arms ownership, reducing the number of MPs or introducing single-member constituencies.
A few days after the new political formation was announced, Mariusz Max Kolonko entered into talks with Marek Jakubiak.
In late July, Kolonko posted a message on his social media profile suggesting that #R would join forces with the Kukiz'15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions ultimately came to fruition.
UBS: Gold close to equilibrium point
"The euro will remain around the € 4.35 ceiling in the coming months, accompanied by weak global markets," said Michael Bolliger of UBS Wealth Management.
"Expectations of maintaining a solid economic growth rate and stable monetary policy are in favour of stabilising the zloty at the current ceiling," the specialist says in an interview with Bankier.pl.
He said Despite clear inflationary pressures, the Monetary Policy Council would not decide to raise rates in an environment where the vast majority of central banks are easing policy.
"While the zloty is properly valued – the euro should remain around the PLN 4.35 ceiling in the coming months – Polish bonds are not attractive," he said.
Emerging-market bonds offer much more favourable yields than Polish bonds,” said Michael Bolliger, head of asset allocation for emerging markets at UBS Wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the global downturn.
"The global slowdown may deepen further, but it should not lead to a severe recession, or at most to GDP growth falling slightly below zero," predicts Michael Bolliger.
"Investors should be wary of global equities, hurt by the lack of prospects for a resolution to the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risks, including Donald Trump's impeachment process and brexit.
Among equity markets, Europe should be the least likely to behave, " according to a recent letter to investors by UBS Wealth Management Chief Executive Mark Haefele.
"Eurozone stocks should fare worse than U.S. ones because they are more vulnerable amid heightened uncertainty around global trade and fears of a slowdown," the paper reads.
Michael Bolliger's comments came after a slide in the bond markets of the safest countries pushed German 10-year yields to minus 0.74 per cent. it is still possible to deepen the decline in profitability.
In the longer term, however, yields on long-term securities should no longer fall, but only short-term, due to the easing of bank monetary policy.
The Fed has the greatest scope for rate cuts, which should lead to a weakening of the U.S. currency over the coming years.
The long-term equilibrium point for the euro is a ceiling of $ 1.29, which would imply a 19 percent potential to strengthen the single currency against the dollar.
We expect further Fed rate cuts, which will result in a narrowing of monetary policy differences around the world.
"The dollar's strength in the long term may not be helped by current account and budget deficits," says Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr is losing its weapons.
Confidential report from the German Foreign Ministry
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has recorded the disappearance of 39 Guns, 39 gun parts and 19,445 rounds of ammunition, according to a confidential summary compiled by the Ministry of defence of West Germany.
The announcement was made by a newspaper owned by media group RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the parliamentary office of the secretary of State in MON Peter Tauber (CDU), two weapons, one part of a gun and 3,474 rounds of ammunition have so far been recovered.
Among the military equipment still missing are six MG3 universal machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic rifles, six signal guns and two P8 guns.
In addition, 30 MG3 machine gun barrels are missing.
The vice-president of the Left party, Martina Renner, expressed concern about the situation.
The number of weapons and ammunition missing is "staggering,"she told reporters.
All the more so because, as a result of ongoing investigations, only a small part of the lost equipment has been found.
Martina Renner summed up the effects of these measures as a "poor balance sheet."
She also criticised the fact that the list did not show whether there was a weapon found during the investigation against Bundeswehr lieutenant Franco A. in December 2017, the federal prosecutor's office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a serious act of violence endangering state security and violating the law governing access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing attacks on leading German politicians for far-right and racist reasons.
His" blacklist " of targets that fell into the hands of prosecutors included m.in. the then Justice Minister Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green Party and Anetta Kahane, a human rights activist and founder of the Amadeu Stiftung in Berlin.
Franco A. entered illegally in possession of four firearms, more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition and more than 50 explosives.
Crying children on a plane.
How to avoid them?
There's a solution
Japan Airlines recently introduced a feature designed for people for whom travelling in the company of a crying child is a nightmare.
Through its website, the airline allows you to check the seating arrangements on the plane.
If a child is traveling by age two, the "child icon" appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the carrier's services has the option of choosing a seat away from the one occupied by the toddler.
The BBC reports that the airline has already informed the airline of the failure to do so.
The "child icon" will not appear if the ticket has been booked by a third party or if there has been a last-minute change of plane.
Unsurprisingly, the idea divided internet users.
Some Twitter users point out that the problem of travelling with crying children can be solved with noise-cancelling headphones.
They're children, we used to be.
"We need to learn tolerance because soon we'll start to need a map of seating for mouth-breathing, drooling or drunks," user G Sundar wrote.
Another internet user noted that he was once disturbed by crying children on a plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent himself.
There are also supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"Thank you for warning me about screaming children during the 13-hour journey," Rahat Ahmed wrote.
Majorca counts losses after bankruptcy of travel agent Thomas Cook
More than 25,000. foreign tourists will not arrive on holiday to Majorca in October as a result of the bankruptcy announced on Monday by travel agent Thomas Cook.
As have informed on Friday the representative of the Autonomous government of the Balearic Islands Marc Pons, among 25 thousand. holidaymakers who will not be able to take advantage of the October holiday in Majorca are also expected to travel with companies indirectly linked to Thomas Cook, such as Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80 percent. the expected holidaymakers, who had to give up their holiday in Majorca next month due to the bankruptcy of a British company, are citizens of Germany and the Nordic countries.
However, Pons says that as Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the Balearic island in the November-April period, the damage to the local economy will be less.
He revealed that the Balearic Government had already begun negotiations with international operators to "enter the Mallorca market" after the British operator went bankrupt.
The Diario de Mallorca newspaper estimates that more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs in October because of the tourism crisis in Majorca.
About 800 are laid-off staff at the Thomas Cook office in Palma.
The rest will lose their jobs mainly in the hospitality sector.
On Monday, with Thomas Cook declaring bankruptcy, property owners in many of Mallorca's hotels demanded that guests pay extra for their overnight stays.
References m.in. several dozen tourists from Poland.
The Balearic government estimates that by Thursday dozens of hotels in Majorca had suspended operations until at least the end of October following the bankruptcy filing by Thomas Cook and its affiliates.
On the other hand, Friday's Diario de Ibiza newspaper indicates that most of the hotels operating in Ibiza that have partnered with the Thomas Cook Group are not expected to close in the coming weeks.
The newspaper points out that on this Balearic island, a British bankrupt has co-operated 42 hotels.
The autonomous Balearic Islands announced on Wednesday that they would ask the Spanish government to support the region with € 100m to cover losses caused by the bankruptcy of travel agency Thomas Cook.
They revealed that tourists were the most affected on the archipelago, around 36,000. it is found on Majorca.
Figures from the Balearic Government show that Thomas Cook owes local tourism companies, mainly hotel operators, around € 5m for the July–September 2019 contracts.
FIFA Women's rankings.
Poland still on 29. place, U.S. at the forefront
Poland's women's national team ranks 29th. place in the international football federation (FIFA) rankings published on Friday.
In the same position, the team of coach Miłosz Stępiński was classified in the previous July ranking.
Poor team play.
What will it be like in October?
The leaders were American women who had recently defended their World Championship title.
Second place in the ranking was held by German women and third by Dutch women.
Polish women prepare for me qualification.
They were scheduled to start their away match against the Czechs on September 3.
The day before the meeting, it was postponed by a year because of food poisoning from opponents.
The Polish women will kick off their qualification with a meeting with the Spanish on November 12 in Lublin.
Before that, the" White and Red " will play two friendly matches-on 3 October away against Cyprus and five days later in Kielce against Brazil.
The Polish team's rivals in the group are the representatives of Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The group winners and the three best second-placed teams advance directly to the final tournament.
The remaining six second-placed teams will play each other for the last three passes to the European Championship.
The 16 participants will be supplemented by host England.
Poland's men's national team has dropped from 20th in the FIFA rankings in September. 10 p.m. a place.
'Row': Smog overwhelms government
"The effects of the Clean Air Programme are negligible, and coal stoves will kick in this winter as if nothing ever happened, "reads the front page of today's" Rzeczpospolita".
"So far, 82,000 applications have been made under the Clean Air Programme," he said. applications for grants worth a total of PLN 2 billion, of which 48 thousand. the decision was positive.
The accepted applications amount to a total of over PLN 915 million,” the "Rz" reports, citing figures from the spokesman of the Environment Minister.
As the newspaper points out, only a portion of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the program.
The results of the announced programme were described by the journal as "modest".
Local government officials, quoted by RT, point to the failure of "Clean Air" m.in. too much bureaucracy.
"The programme should be much simpler: electronic notification, the sending of invoices by Post, possible random control of implementation.
This would streamline activities", believes the mayor of Lidzbark Warmińsk, Jacek Wiśniowski.
Activists from the Polish Smog Alert note that less than 1 percent of the activity was carried out in the first year. the goal was to replace 3 million digging boilers.
As the " Rz " notes, although the budget of the programme is PLN 103 billion over 10 years, or PLN 10 billion annually, this amount is virtual.
"In the budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management, PLN 1.4 billion has been reserved for this year," it reads.
Congress approves F - 35 for Poland
Błaszczak: now to negotiate the price
The US Congress has approved the sale to Poland of 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft.
"This is one of the last steps before the contract is concluded, but not the end of our work," Mariusz Błaszczak wrote on Twitter.
"We will negotiate hard to achieve the best possible price," the Polish minister added.
Contract for polish F-35
The Polish Air Force will eventually supply 32 F-35 Lightning II fighter jets produced by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, approval for their sale to Poland was given by the U.S. State Department.
It said the investment would support U.S. national security and foreign policy by improving the security of a NATO ally that is an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to the State Department, Poland is expected to pay $ 6.5 billion for the fighters.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department said the contract will also include the supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, engineering, logistics and personnel services, and related logistics and program support elements and personnel training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 Fighter Jets
The F-35 Lightning II fighter produced by Lockheed Martin is a fifth-generation single-seat, single-engine multi-role fighter.
The aircraft is capable of performing close support missions, bombing missions, and typically aerial combat missions.
Using stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable to short-range radars.
Recently, F-35 fighter jets were bought by Belgium as part of a $ 4.55 billion contract.
The Belgians want to replace the aging F-16s.
Other U.S. allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, are also considering buying U.S. combat aircraft.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
The Barbie manufacturer has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls.
He wants to fight stereotypes in this way.
Barbie maker launches gender-neutral doll series
In addition to Barbie with different skin color, figure and hairstyle, Mattel has introduced gender-neutral dolls.
Toys from the" Creatable World " Series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie should have short hair or long hair.
Their wardrobe consists of both trousers and dresses.
In the blink of an eye, dolls can turn girls into boys and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
The emphasis on gender characteristics has also been dropped – gender dolls no longer have full lips, long lashes and a slim waist or – in Ken's case – wide arms.
The company believes that children do not like their dolls to have gender norms imposed, and some parents and feminists believe that toys made with a particular gender in mind inhibit girls ' ambitions and reinforce traditional stereotypes.
"The new dolls will allow all children to feel free," Mattel announced.
The Barbie doll, which came on the market in 1959 in swimwear and high-heel shoes, has been repeatedly criticised in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes" such as unnatural body proportions.
The company has responded to the criticism and has already launched dolls with different skin colors as well as more rounded shapes.
Hijab-wearing dolls have also appeared.
Zandberg: a circle or club together can have several members
When asked on Radio ZET how many candidates of his party can get into the Sejm from the list of left-wing groups (KW SLD from which the list of candidates for the Sejm SLD , spring and left together, running with the common logo "left"), Zandberg replied that it depends on the result of the committee.
"I believe that the outcome of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people associate hope with the fact that the Left is not only right, but also strong," he said.
According to Zandberg, the left could have 60-80 members.
"It could mean that the circle or club together would have a dozen members.
But it depends on the poles and Poles.
I'm not going to guess and say how it's going to happen,” he said.
Asked if the left together would have a separate circle, Zandberg replied: "We are set on being diverse, and we are not going to pretend that that diversity doesn't exist.
I think that diversity was rewarded because we showed that by being different, we were able to get along on a common program.”
Asked if the biggest beneficiary of a joint run was SLD leader Włodzimierz Czarzasty, Zandberg replied that he believed the biggest beneficiaries were centre-left and left-wing voters.
When pressed on whether the SLD would get the full subsidy, he replied that "the purpose of a political party is to represent its constituents."
Zandberg acknowledged that he would vote for himself in the Sejm elections.
In the event of a Senate election, he indicated that he was considering it.
"The offer is diverse and there are candidates and candidates that my heart is closer to, but there are also those that my heart is further to," he said.
"I will say very honestly and clearly that if I were in Senate District 44, I would take my voter ID and vote in another district," the politician said.
"I don't think I would be tempted to vote for Minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (the co - PAP candidate)," he added.
In this district, besides Ujazdów, Polish citizens ' leader Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki of PiS are running.
Dakar: West Africa's largest mosque opens
Tens of thousands of people from across Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday for the inauguration of a huge mosque believed to be the largest in West Africa.
Muslims arrived by buses, cars and on foot to the Bopp neighborhood, where a new mosque, capable of seating 30,000, stood. the faithful.
The facility was built by the Mouride brotherhood, a member of the Sufi movement of Islam that dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago on a six-hectare wetland donated by the government.
The name of the Massalikul Jinan mosque ("paths to paradise") comes from the title of a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the 19th-century founder of the Brotherhood, revered by followers as a saint.
The mosque is clad in Carrara marble and has five minarets.
The tallest of these is 78 meters.
The mosque inside holds 15,000. and the other half may be on the outer Esplanade.
The richly finished interior features a gilded dome, giant chandeliers and decorations handmade by workers from Morocco.
Builders say the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the edifice still has no comparison to mosques in other regions.
In Morocco, the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca can seat 105,000. the faithful.
The construction of the mosque, which cost over 30 million euros, was funded by private donations.
In addition to the land, the government provided lighting, sanitation and financed 10.5 million euros worth of road works.
Coach Smyła: our problem is not Silesia, it is ourselves
The Gunners ' streak of eight league games without a win will be snapped in Friday's encounter with Ekstraklasa side Slask.
"Our problem is not Wrocław, it is ourselves, we have to work on what we play," said kielczan coach Mirosław Smyła.
The footballers recorded their last and so far only win in the league when they beat 1-0 beniaminek raków Częstochowa on away goals.
Later, kielczanie recorded two draws and six defeats, and on Tuesday they lost 0:1 against Zagłębie Lubin in the 1/32 final of the Polish Cup.
"I'm optimistic that in the last seconds of a cup match the players were fighting for a goal, they wanted to tie," he said.
Their collapse on the turf after the final whistle was not a result of a breakdown, it was just a collapse of anger because they were so close,” Smalling said.
As he pointed out, Śląsk has very strong wings, which is why he will make the team play in the side sectors of the pitch.
"We are aware of the quality of the opponent but we are also looking at what we want to play," the coach added.
Ognjen Gnjatic will not play in Friday's match at the crown, with the injured Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski also missing.
It is encouraging to see a few players coming into the Cup match with a desire to play.
"We have a headache, it didn't seem like it was going to be there, and now it is," Smyly said.
Defender of The Crown Daniel Dziwniel stressed that Śląsk would not be an easy contender to break the streak of eight league games in a row without a win, while in the Ekstraklasa anyone can win against anyone.
"We're a good team.
We may not have shown that on the pitch in recent weeks, but there will come a point where we will win and we believe it will be on Friday,” the footballer said.
After nine rounds of the Ekstraklasa the crown with five points takes 15. position.
Silesia accumulated 12 more and placed second.
Friday's match in Kielce will start at 8.30 pm.
These trees could completely disappear from Europe
"42 percent. the tree species that make up the tree stand of Europe is endangered," the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) warns in its "Red Book of European trees"published on Friday.
At the top of the list are m.in. Chestnut and green.
The IUCN, an organization based in Gland, Switzerland, is publishing a list of endangered European tree species for the first time.
It was compiled by experts who, based on their research, found that of the 454 tree species found in Europe (as well as elsewhere in the world), 42 per cent. it is "at high risk."
Among the causes, the red paper cites the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, those trees and shrubs that occur only or mainly on our continent are most at risk.
As for the typical European Tree, 58 percent are threatened, according to the IUCN. the species, and 15 percent, or 66 species of trees and shrubs, are threatened with extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red Book Lists errors in the operation of the stands, accelerated urbanisation, over-intensive logging, and subsequently forest fires and changes in the European ecosystem.
The existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also at serious risk, according to the report's authors.
"The consequences of human activity are leading to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and are putting important and underrated varieties that form the basis of European ecosystems and affect the health of our planet in Europe at risk of extinction in Europe," concluded the report by Luc Bas, who heads the IUCN European office.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I will not promise 600+
"Today PiS wants to bribe Poles by offering them for their freedom to give away credit that future generations will have to repay", says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview for "Rzeczpospolita".
"The whole politics of PiS is pic,"he said.
At the same time, the politician promises that "what is given will not be taken away."
Schetyna assures in an interview with Jacek Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat Law and Justice.
It's about mobilizing the electorate at the ballot box.
In his view, the opposition has more potential in this area than Kaczynski's party.
"Today, conscious people who want to live in a normal state are more than supporters of PiS, a party that has embezzled proclaimed values such as modesty, humility, transparency," says Schetyna.
The leader of the Citizens Coalition and chairman of the Citizens Platform also outlined the basic tenets of KO's electoral program.
"First of all, nothing that the data will be taken away, but we need to set the direction for the future, because PiS is only dealing with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, as can be seen even after the dramatically low investments", he said.
Second, it is about "energising Poles, helping and investing in those who work hard - and those who are entrepreneurial."
Schetyna explains that in the program KO was m.in. the project which the lowest earning poles will give more by 614 zlotys per hand, and more earning Poles – also several hundred.
The politician also indicated that he did not want to run for re-election.
As he said, he will do as much as he can, but not promise 600+.
"I will never allow a Greek scenario where the rulers bid with the opposition for a handout until the country's financial collapse," he said.
Schetyna also stated in an interview for "Rz" that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"Pride walks before the fall.
Kaczynski is as statesman as Banaś is crystal,” he added.
The PO leader also said he had not yet decided whether he would run for the presidency.
Argentina: six dead giant Condors
Six dead giant Condors have been found in the Argentine province of Santa Cruz, TVN24 reports.
Experts believe human activity contributed to their deaths.
Great condors are believed to have been poisoned with a means to kill predators such as pumas, foxes and wild dogs.
The animals may have eaten the toxic carcass.
Except for one juvenile, the rest of the dead condors were adults.
'It's a big loss to the environment because the Condor needs to reach 10-15 years to become fertile and able to reproduce.
So we're losing a protected species, an endangered species,” says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organization.
"I think the use of toxic bait and poison puts not only this species at risk, but all other life forms, including human health," he adds.
"Rz": they want a jewel for the president
Work has begun on awarding the precious chain to the head of state.
The idea was supported by Andrzej Duda's law firm – we read in "Rzeczpospolita".
As the newspaper explains, it refers to the golden chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insignia officially called in the interwar period the jewel of the Republic of Poland.
The last time it was used was probably by President Ignacy Mościcki.
"Rz" reports that soon such a chain may end up on the shoulders of Andrzej Duda.
The Senate Committee on Human Rights, the rule of law and petitions voted on Wednesday to begin work on an amendment to the orders and decorations act to restore it.
The Journal writes that this is not the first attempt to restore the chain to the head of state.
The Senate had already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it was defeated by one vote.
This time the work is rapid.
In early August, senators devoted a few minutes to the issue, saying they would consult with the President's Office.
This one came in mid-September.
"I would like to inform you that the Chancellery of the president of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position set out in this petition," the presidential minister Andrzej Dera wrote at the time.
The Senate Committee continued its investigation on Wednesday and again devoted little time to the case.
"The president's office answered us briefly: it is in favour of bringing it back," said the head of the commission Robert Mamątow of the law and Justice party, as quoted by Rzec.
He tabled a request for legislative work, which the commission supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through intersections
Police action will be carried out m.in. at the intersection of ciepliński Avenue and Piłsudski Avenue.
The uniformed officers ' actions have something to do with recent complaints from city officials about drivers not always being able to behave properly at intersections.
On Friday, September 27th, police officers begin "crossing crossing"prevention activities in Rzeszów.
The idea is to eliminate traffic obstacles: entering an intersection without the possibility of a Exit, not following traffic signals or traffic signs.
"We often think that we are alone at an intersection, and we are actually making life difficult for other drivers," Marek ustrobiński, vice president of the city, said a few days ago.
His words resonated at a city hall press conference, where city officials presented examples of cars being improperly moved around intersections, resulting in traffic jams.
At the time, the president appealed to travelers for common sense on the road and m.in. speeding at traffic lights or texting while driving.
The subject was taken over by the Rzeszów police officers, who from today begin the operation "Przedsiębiorstwo przedsiębiorstwo".
What is it?
The aim of the measures is to eliminate the phenomenon of congestion at intersections by drivers entering them without being able to continue driving.
It's a common offense that contributes to increasing traffic congestion and creating traffic jams.
He faces a £ 300 fine and two penalty points.
In addition, uniformed officers will look out for non-compliance with traffic lights or signs and improper parking in the intersection area.
They will also observe a lack of driving fluency, a late start from under traffic lights, slow crossing and leaving too much distance between vehicles.
At what junctions will the action take place?
M.in on Lisa-Kuli street from Jagiellońska Street; Cieplińskiego Avenue from Piłsudski Avenue; Targowa street from Piłsudski Avenue; Śreniawitów street from Dąbrowskiego street or Hetmańska street from Warsaw's Al.insurgents.
Such actions in the capital Podkarpacie will be conducted on the following Fridays of October.
They inspected a company that disposed of waste from the "Chayka”
"Officials of the Department of Environmental Protection of the Wołomin County and of the District Construction Supervision Inspection inspected on Friday an installation in the Zielonka municipality, where waste from the Czajka wastewater treatment plant in Warsaw is disposed of, "said wołomin County's spokesman Karol Szyszko.
Inspectors from the wołomin starostwo carried out an inspection at the plant located in forests belonging to the Zielonka commune.
The private commercial and Transport plant "Dar-Trans", under contract with the capital sewage treatment plant" Czajka " performs bedding waste management services.
"An inspection of the installation was carried out, and the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his activities," Szyszko said.
He added that a post-audit report would be submitted m.in. to the provincial environmental Inspectorate in Warsaw.
The last inspection in "Dar-Trance" was carried out by the provincial environmental Inspectorate in Warsaw between 29 December 2015 and 11 February 2016.
It was established at the time that the company did not carry out samples, measurements and tests of groundwater, and also did not have the results of tests of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the "Czajka"wastewater treatment plant.
After an inspection of the village, Dariusz Sobota was urged to stop violating the terms of the decision.
Dar-TRANS private commercial and Transport plant Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies receiving waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the treatment plant "Czajka".
According to the decision to carry out waste disposal at the excavation site, waste up to 60 000 tonnes per year is processed in forests near Zielonka.
The Warsaw city water and Sewerage Company announced last Thursday that at the turn of November-December 2018, 100 plants were shut down, which was related to damage to one of the incinerators.
As reported by MPWiK, the monthly cost of their exports is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01.01.2019 to 31.08.2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"You have undertaken a difficult task, you can count on my total support," Lech Wałęsa told Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska on Friday.
"Mr. President, these are very important words for me," the Civic Coalition's candidate for prime minister, the leader of the KO list, responded.
The former president stressed that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now "just a fan in retirement."
Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met with former President Lech Wałęsa in his office at the European Solidarity Centre in Gdańsk on Friday.
Walesa's son, Jarosław, also took part in the short conversation behind closed doors.
"You have taken on a difficult task," Lech Wałęsa said after the meeting.
"You can count on my total support," he added.
"The problems before Poland are known to us all.
Therefore, great hope that you, as a woman, will deal with these problems, and we all – those who love Poland – will support your actions as much as possible,” said the former president, addressing Kidawa-Błońska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błonska thanked them for their support.
"Mr. President, to me, these are very important words because no one like you can talk about freedom, about the Constitution, and they know how important that is," she said.
"Let's show that you can do different, smart policies together, but according to the Constitution, according to the law, according to respect for others.
This is how you did your revolution, and this is how we want to change Poland,” said Kidawa-Błońska.
Fan in retirement
Walesa said in an interview with reporters that he is now "just a fan in retirement."
"Of course I'm looking at it.
I hope we reverse the course of events, that what was good, proven, (to that) will come back.
The tripartite power is most important, the Constitution is most important, the courts are indispensable.
And it all needs to be cleaned up, it needs to be restored to normal, and that's what I believe we will do this time.
Because if we don't, we're going to face a street fight,” said Lech Wałęsa.
"That is why it is so important for Poles to go to the elections, to reflect and to make their own decision.
And that's the most important thing,” added Kidawa-Błonska.
"The last chance we have is to correct the state of things in Poland," the former president replied.
"We need to build a new foundation”
When asked about the most important changes for her that should take place in Poland, Kidawa-Błońska said: "the president said very well.
We need to re-build the foundation on which we can do all the other things.
Since the tri-division of power does not exist, since the Constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and let everyone know that otherwise Poland will not move a step forward.”
Men's volleyball: Slovenia – Poland 3:1 in semi-final.
On the hot ground in Ljubljana, the Polish volleyball team faced the Slovenians in the semi-finals of the European Championship.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussion with the referees, with poles coach vital Heynen in the lead role.
The "whites and Reds" lost 1-3 and will play for the bronze medal.
Senate to decide on key bills
The Senate passed without amendment a bill to disclose the wealth of the families of top state officials and the flights of key people in the state.
52 senators voted in favor of the amendment to the state officials ' Family Estates Act – without amendments – 14 were against and three abstained.
Thus, the Senators decided to reject the 12 amendments tabled during Wednesday's debate by Senator PO Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were intended to "civilise" the law and limit the scope of information given in the declaration on the property situation of the children of the own, the children of the spouse, and the children of the adopted to cases in which the children remain in a joint household with the person required to make the declaration.
The law on disclosure of the assets of the families of top civil servants, which was drafted in the prime minister's office, was passed by the Sejm on 11 September.
The rules assume that m.in. the prime minister, ministers, MPs, MEPs, senators, presidents of the Constitutional Court, Supreme Administrative Court and Supreme Court, as well as the heads of other state institutions, will be required to include in the estate statement information on the personal assets of spouses, children and persons living together.
The Senate also did not propose amendments to the state's most important person's flight bill.
It regulates which flights have HEAD status and who may be on board government aircraft along with the most important people in the country.
The Act also specifies who is responsible for maintaining the Central flight register.
55 senators voted in favour of the bill – without amendments – 12 were against and four abstained.
According to the bill, any presidential flight will be a flight "performed on an official mission."
The president's flights will be accompanied by family members and others invited by the president.
In contrast, the flight in the official mission of the prime minister and the marshals of the Sejm and the Senate will only be flown "for the purpose of carrying out tasks directly related to the function performed".
The bill also specifies a list of people who can accompany the most important people in the state on a flight.
According to the regulations, members of the delegation – invited members, senators, public officials and experts; persons providing technical, medical or organisational support; and journalists may be on board the aircraft.
According to the law, in the event of doubts concerning the flights of the marshals of the Sejm and the Senate, the head of the KPRM will ask for their explanation.
If such doubts are not resolved within the prescribed time, the head of the KPRM will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or the Senate of the inability to organise such a flight.
New sports attorney
Waldemar Paluch appointed his plenipotentiary for Physical Culture, Sport and tourism.
He was succeeded by Artur Świętek, long-time president of the University Club AZS PWSTE Jarosław, for the last 4 years director of the Office of the rector of Jarosław University.
Photo Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świętek was recently heavily involved in the project of reactivation of basketball in Jarosław.
Artur Świętek is not an anonymous figure in the Yaroslavl sports community.
A graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska since 2002, he has been an instructor at the State Higher School of technical and Economics in Jarosław, and has served as president for 15 years.
Poles wait for last rival after first practice in Paris
Polish volleyball players held their first training session in Paris on Friday, where they will compete for the bronze medal on Saturday.
Under vital Heynen, the road to winning the title was closed by Thursday's 1-3 defeat to the Slovenians in Ljubljana.
There was a lot of talk about their trouble travelling to this match.
This time there were no such problems – they travelled with the Slovenians on a charter flight to Paris on Friday afternoon, and a few hours later they had a training session in the famous Bercy Hall.
According to accounts of people present at the class, the world champion trainer was nervous.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not just the exercise of the volleyball elements.
"We went to the arena, but for the most part it was time for the team.
It was more about spending it together than training.
Talk, think about how to rebuild it all as a team,” he said.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the coaching staff.
"We were brutally brought down to Earth.
We are obviously disappointed.
We still believed we were going to get back into this game.
We discussed the game among ourselves in the staff, the coach talked a lot with the players.
I would point to inefficiency in attack and far worse than usual handling of situational balls as the two main reasons for failure.
The Slovenians were much better than us in that respect,” he said.
In his opinion, the "red and White" did not stand in the way of the stress of performing against the tournament's co-hosts, supported by a loud and large audience.
He acknowledged that the world champions may have been somewhat put off by the smooth path to the semi-finals.
"Perhaps if we had lost in the group stage in a similar style, we would have studied the lesson more quickly and played differently later in the tournament.
But it's only a matter of time,” he said.
Gogol is hoping the anger from Thursday's defeat to the poles can turn into aggression in the bronze medal match.
"I hope we show our true colors then.
There's a lot to fight for.
We last won the ME medal in 2011, " he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city and France the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
In the group stage they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, went to Apeldoorn for the first two group stage meetings, and moved to Ljubljana for the semi-final.
Nick Kyrgios: severe punishment but suspended
An Australian tennis player has been handed a 16 – week ban and a $ 25,000 fine – with a six-month suspension-for reprehensible words, gestures and actions during recent ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour officials are losing patience with Kyrgios but are still giving him a chance to improve.
The summary of the misdeeds of the most uncouth professional tennis player of recent years looks menacing – 16 weeks off plus a hefty fine, but both punishments are suspended for six months – a probation period in which the wayward athlete can improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24 but has been playing for a long time and set a tennis world record – he had to pay the highest single financial penalty in the history of the discipline for breaching rules of behaviour on and off the court.
Loud swearing, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike behaviour, insulting the referee and spectators, breaking two rackets during a losing match against Karen Khachanov – all paid $ 113,000 after August'S ATP Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati.
He did not play for long at the 2019 US Open, but he did publicly say that ATP officials were "corrupt," which hurt the organization so much that it launched a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and, a few weeks later, handed down a suspended start and another fine.
But he was forgiven for speaking out about corruption after hearing the blame and learning the context of the speech.
In a statement, however, tennis officials said that the investigation showed that Kyrgios ' behaviour over the past 12 months had in many cases raised serious concerns and constituted a near-constant violation of the rules, that he had continually insulted Tournament members and spectators in a vulgar manner, hence the heavy penalty.
However, the ATP gave him five days to appeal and immediately deferred the execution of his sentence, ordering him to comply within the next six months with several conditions: in ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour tournaments, Kyrgios must no longer violate the rules of the code of Conduct applicable to professional tennis players, in particular, he must no longer swear, destroy his rackets, argue with judges and the public, or behave in any other manner obscene or vulgar.
He was also advised to seek "continuous support" from mental coaches during tournaments and also consulted in the off-season to deal with athletes not coping with proper behaviour.
Nick Kyrgios ' first comment (on social media) to the verdict was: "Hey everybody, I can still play.
I just need to control my behavior, that's all.”
In practice, the Australian will have at least a two – week break anyway as his shoulder injury worsened in the Laver Cup, so he had to withdraw from the upcoming starts in Beijing (September 30-October 6) and Shanghai (October 6-13).
Kyrgios is ranked 27th in the ATP rankings. place.
He won two tournaments this year – in Washington and Acapulco-and earned more than $ 1.3 million, so even after the fines, he'll have plenty left.
GUS: life is getting better in Poland
According to the report on household budgets published on Friday by the Central Statistical Office (CSO), as many as 44% rated their material situation as good or rather good.  of them.
A year earlier, that percentage was 37.2 percent., 33.5 percent in 2016. and before that – since 2009, when the office for National Statistics first examined subjective assessments of the situation of households-it had never been above 30 per cent.
A total of 8.1% considered their material situation to be bad or rather bad last year.  households, compared to 11.2 percent. a year earlier, and more than 20 percent. in 2009.
The material situation of self-employed households is best.
In this group, more than 70 per cent consider it good or rather good. references
At the second pole are pensioner households, where the proportion of such responses was just 18 per cent.
The subjective assessment of the material situation of households is also heavily influenced by the number of children.
Single parents with children are the worst performers, with 32 per cent reporting a good or rather good financial situation.
Among couples with children, the percentage varies (depending on the number of children) from 55 to 60 percent., the number of childless households was 48.8%.
The 500+effect is clearly visible in these statistics.
Before it was launched (in 2016), single parents and multi-parent families (with at least three children) rated the worst.
The improvement in subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles reflects the rapid increase in income, especially from work.
That is not all, however, as the proportion of households who think their situation is good is rising faster than real incomes.
Moreover, at the provincial level there is no clear relationship between income level and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best assessments are made by residents of Opole Voivodeship, where 48.9% consider their situation as good or rather good. respondents.
They are followed by lubusz Voivodeship (47.7 percent).), Silesian (47.6 percent), mazowieckie (47.3 percent) and West Pomeranian (47.1 percent).
Meanwhile, in Opole, disposable income (i.e. after paying taxes and contributions) amounted to less than 94% in 2011.  the national average, and in Lubuskie 98%.
The highest income was the residents of Mazowiecki (120%. national average) and Silesian (104%).
On average in Poland disposable income per person was PLN 1693 in 2018.
In real terms (after adjusting for the impact of price changes) it increased by 4.3%. references
Compared to previous years, that's a pretty low score.
In 2016, income per person rose 7 percent. and a year later by 6.3 percent.
While revenue growth is slowing, it is also holding back spending growth.
Those on a per-person basis amounted to PLN 1187 last year, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7%.
This is the first such case since 2013.
In 2017, spending per person increased by 1.9 percent in real terms., up 4.3 percent in 2016.
A survey of household budgets suggests that a household now spends 70.1 per cent. its disposable income, while still in 2014 that share was more than 80 per cent. , and by 2006 had surpassed 90 percent.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a see-through blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the Closed show of the brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Her styling was unfortunately not successful.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is married to sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is committed to women's action, for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
She worked in the public relations industry for 25 years with companies such as PZU, Red Bull, and Bayer.
As a journalist she worked for TVP1, TVN Style, vision Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book "Mom and dad are us," in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0 to 3.
She has been involved in a number of projects aimed at providing support for economically active women.
The activities she manages include" entrepreneurial women's Network"," Business Women's Lodge"," women's Congress Association", and"Make up Buisness".
Privately, she is married to Maciej Kurzajewski, a television presenter and sports journalist.
The couple has two sons, Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Natasha Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also attended the event.
The intimate show couldn't have happened without a wall where the stars flaunted their outfits.
Unfortunately, the photojournalists caught the glaring error of Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman wore a white bra under a black shirt, which flashed heavily through her.
Us: three suicides among carrier crew
Three sailors committed suicide aboard the USS George H. W. Bush last week, the U.S. Navy said.
In the last two years, a total of five crew members of this ship have been killed.
The previous suicide took place in July this year and the previous one in November 2017.
All three sailors shot themselves last week, according to CNN.
Each incident occurred ashore when the USS George H. W. Bush moored off the coast of Virginia.
So far, third parties have been excluded from the case.
In addition, the deaths are said to be unrelated.
He said: "We need everyone involved to come forward with suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to stress that there is no stigma or other repercussions associated with seeking help,” captain Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, wrote on Facebook.
Niesiołowski was critical of the pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Lekszycki, Stefan Niesiołowski stressed that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"In fact, every sentence he said was acceptable,"he said.
There was later criticism of some of his actions.
"For me, the fact that John Paul II was unable to eliminate Rydzyk's harmful activities casts a great shadow on his pontificate.
After all, this Redemptorist – a pest of the church and Poland – developed his media into the best even during the life of the Polish pope”, he explained.
The former PO politician admitted: "there were grunts of discontent, the pope said something, he didn't take Rydzyk, but he had power, and for politics he could just throw him out of the church or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to raise money for the poor there.
But John Paul II did not do it, nor did his successors”, Niesiołowski explained.
He said: "then there was this terrible case of paedophilia and the actions of the church, and actually the lack of them.
I kind of rushed forward, but I wanted to draw attention to his whole life.
We have known about the scale of paedophilia in the church since relatively recently.
The question arises, how is it possible that John Paul II, being the head of the church, did not know about these disgusting things”, says Niesiołowski in an interview with the journalist.
The Church is an ally of PiS, according to a former Polish politician.
"It must be acknowledged that during the period of solidarity the church was our most important ally.
All the celebrations started with mass, there were crosses everywhere.
Now these crosses are written, they have become a symbol of the dictatorship – a sign of The Pisan regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk shake the Polish church, that John Paul II did nothing about it and that today the Church is an ally of PiS.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which it will pay dearly,” argued Niesiołowski.
"I hope that Pope Francis will pursue Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others of this kind," he concluded.
HRUBIESZÓW: tomorrow the 590th anniversary of the county
There will be gala Concerts and auctions.
The Jubilee gala will be held at the Hrubieszów House of Culture.
First, at 10 a.m., a mass will begin in the Church of St. Nicholas.
The official opening ceremony will take place at 11.30 am on HDK.
The song and Dance Ensemble of Hrubieszów will perform.
Young people from Stanisław Staszic'S I LO will present a performance entitled "Hrubieszów County: from here my family – here I live".
The medals "meritorious for Hrubieszów County"will then be presented.
At 4 p.m., the event will move to the city promenade, where the concerts "Hrubieszów charity for Angelika Zińkiewicz"will take place.
Disco polo bands – NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and the Mig night star will play.
There will be auctions, m.in. feathers and porcelain of the prime minister.
The PZPN is slapping penalties for stadium brawls.
Griffin disqualified
The Polish Cup clash between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk almost ended tragically when a flare fired by fans from Wejherowo missed the opposing team's goalkeeper Zlatan Alomerović by millimetres.
After this incident, the match was interrupted for 20 minutes.
The PZPN commission investigating the case gave Griffin a severe punishment, ruling him out of future games.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020/2021 season.
In addition, fans will not be allowed into their own stadium during the upcoming match.
They will also not be able to travel to league matches until December 31.
The brawl at Widzew Łódź Stadium was also caused by fans of śląsk Wrocław.
Here, however, the judgment of the PZPN was more lenient, as Silesia had warned that similar events might occur and had alerted the relevant authorities in this matter.
Despite this, the services allowed the sector of the supporters to be pelted with flares, set on fire and the sector of the hosts to be attacked.
The match was interrupted for eight minutes and the intervening police had to use water cannon.
PZPN punished Śląsk with a one-time stadium ban in the next match in the Polish Cup and banned the organization of trips to matches in this and the next edition of the Polish Cup.
The travel ban also extended to Premier League matches, but will last until December 31.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to replace signage on the entire managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie, implementation of the amendment of the regulation of the Ministry of infrastructure on m.in. writing names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish.
For example," Lviv "will appear alongside"L'viv".
In our province, changes will be made on 94 road signs set up on the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, dk94.
As we hear, it's supposed to be easier, clearer and simpler.
The new guidelines result from the amendment of the regulation of the Minister of infrastructure on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety equipment.
"We should remember that village names in neighbouring countries often also have a Polish sound.
Thanks to a change in the law we have prepared, they will finally appear on the signposts on our roads.
The introduction of the new signage starts from the podkarpackie section of the A4 motorway”, informed Minister of infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpacie, changes will be made on 94 road signs set up at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, dk94.
The total cost of the investment?
200,000. zł.
As a first step, the new signage will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is expected by 1 November 2019.
How will the idea be implemented?
There will be no replacement of the boards, on a paste basis.
They will replace existing village names with new ones written in polish on existing signs.
Both names will be written in one row – first in Polish and then in the original, in parentheses.
This will make it much easier for people who do not know the spelling of the names of foreign cities in the language of the country in which they are located.
Feel the game together with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer has announced Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One – the world's first headset for Xbox One powered by haptic technology.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and provides better control over your environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in developing advanced haptic technologies for a realistic touch-based experience.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and smart digital signal processing to generate high-resolution real-time tactile feedback, giving you the ability to fully immerse yourself in any Xbox One game.
The technology recognises the beeps and transforms them into dynamic vibrations, allowing players to experience the gameplay without having to install additional software.
By using the sense of touch, the beeps can accurately mimic the actions in the game.
Razer HyperSense recreates events from silent steps to powerful explosions, accurately capturing all the activity in the player's surroundings.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One is designed to give all players an extra dimension of gameplay.
With HyperSense, we allow them to completely immerse themselves in their favorite titles,” said Alvin Cheung senior vice president for Razer peripherals.
The rotating earmuffs are fitted with foam-filled cushions with shape memory and a layer of cooling gel to reduce heat generated during long use.
For even easier handling of the headphones, there is a quick mute button on the retractable microphone, a HyperSense intensity regulator on the headphone housing and a balance slider between play and chat.
The self-fitting headband ensures a seamless and accurate fit.
In addition, Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One features an Xbox Wireless feature that allows you to connect directly to your console without the need for a wireless transmitting device, allowing easy and quick setup.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic for a more realistic sound.
Razer Nari Ultimate, originally intended for PCs, debuted in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was priced at € 219.99.
Someone shot a swan with a BB gun
In a pond in Zameczno in Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan having problems with its wings.
After being caught and visiting the vet, it turned out that someone had targeted the animal – pellet pellets were found in his body.
"Information about the injured bird was received from villagers at the Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre in Nowa Sól.
Reports indicated the animal had broken wings.
We went to the scene.
It was immediately obvious that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and accurately so as not to hurt him and put him under additional stress.
The Swan was fished off and taken to a vet.
After the first X-ray was taken, it was clear that someone had made it into a shooting target.
There were shards of buckshot in his body,” says Marcin Walasek, president of Malpol management company m.in. a rehabilitation center.
It's going to be a tough time at the resort.
”The wounds were cleaned, the bird was given antibiotics, given access to water, given a safe place in the resort where he will spend the whole winter.
We're trying to strengthen him.
For now, he is unable to fly.
Releasing him now would mean he probably wouldn't survive the winter,” Walasek added.
Staff after the Swan underwent rehabilitation plan to release him to the same pond in the spring.
After receiving information about the cause of the animal's poor health, the authorities of the municipality of Żukowice intend to inform the prosecutor's office about the case.
The incident occurred in Zameczno
Gowin: "we need to boost Poland, small trade”
"Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, we will have to wonder whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," Jarosław Gowin, Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and higher education, said on Friday.
Gowin said during an interview in "signals of the day" on Radio One that trade is dominated by international networks, which impose such low margins on Polish producers that Polish companies cannot actually grow.
Noting that this problem is very difficult to fight, the deputy prime minister recalled that the PiS government tried to deal with it at the very beginning of the term of office, but got a "counter-attack from the EC".
"We have won before the court of justice and I hope that if the United right wins the next election and forms a government, we will come back to that," he said.
At the same time, he pointed out that "effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the Polish problem, i.e. small trade".
"It will be a question of whether the government, the state, has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," Gowin said.
In May, an EU court ruled that the European Commission had made a mistake in finding that the Polish retail sales tax was illegal state aid.
The retail sales tax Act required two sales tax rates of 0.8 percent. on revenue between £ 17m and £ 170m a month and 1.4 per cent. on revenue of more than PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was due to take effect from September 2016.
In September 2016, the EC opened proceedings for infringement of EU law by Poland.
Brussels argued at the time that the tax could favour smaller shops, which could be considered state aid.
She later stated that the tribute had been implemented in an unlawful manner.
It also ordered that the tax be suspended until officials in Brussels had completed their analysis.
Poland disagreed with this position, but the tax collection was suspended.
May's EU court decision opened the way for the tax to be reintroduced, but it did not end the case.
The Commission lodged an appeal with the Court of Justice on 24 July.
On Thursday, the press service of the European Court of Justice told PAP that the case is now at the written stage where both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
For now, it is unclear if and when the oral procedure, which includes hearing the parties and a possible hearing, will start.
It takes a good few to several months from an appeal to announce a verdict.
"Such proceedings take an average of a year," a source at the court in Luxembourg told PAP.
How do I dress a child for christening?
Here are some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important ceremony in the life of an infant and his or her parents.
It is often the first occasion on which the whole family focuses around the child, together celebrating his or her emergence into the world.
No wonder, then, that fresh-faced mums and dads want their children to look their best on the day.
But before you make a final decision about your child's outfit, consider whether it will also be comfortable.
In shops, you can find many outfits that do not provide the toddler with proper comfort.
So what should we pay attention to?
The primary criterion for choosing clothing for baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, a few-week-old babies had been christened, dressed in white sets and tucked into the same buns or large pillows.
Today, children entering the sacrament are often older: several months old, one year old, and even larger.
It is not hard to imagine that such a large comfort would need a slightly different outfit for the baptism .
So if your child is 3-4 months old on the day of baptism, he will probably spend the ceremony in a pram or on the hands of his parents or godparents.
The best option, then, is to dress it up in comfortable cotton sleepers or ensembles.
Although this wardrobe item is considered an everyday outfit, it is enough to look for festive variants, such as a frill or lace.
For a boy, a body with a bow tie and suspenders is ideal.
Older children can afford more fancy dress.
The little girl will look lovely in a simple tulle dress
Many parents of the girls look on fondly at the richly decorated, frilly dresses for the christening, complete with coats, headbands and hats.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-inhaling materials for their product, in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
If you're looking for the right outfit, you might want to check out the Asanti for Kids Store, which offers elegant outfits on cotton lining.
Delicate tulle skirts, satin dresses, lace, apps and adorable ensembles will make your little girl look beautiful and comfortable.
Perfect outfit for a small gentleman: cotton suit
Until recently, there was a fashion among parents of boys for suits that were copies of "adult" models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, stiff collars or helmets often made young men loudly demonstrate their displeasure.
Today, thankfully, they have been supplanted by comfortable cotton sets.
Just look at the kits available at Asanti for Kids, which are soft, sweatpants, plus a blouse decorated at the front in the pattern of a vest.
These outfits look very festive, and at the same time they do not restrain the movements of the world-cognizant toddler.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published a statement
Krystyna Pawłowicz filed an estate statement at the end of her term of office.
According to him, the PiS MP had amassed 110,000. scrap savings.
Recall that Pavlovich announced her retirement from politics.
At the end of his term, he has a budget of $ 110,000. cast
According to a statement from the MP, she takes a pension of £ 4,700 a month. zł.
Pavlovich owns an apartment worth $ 570,000. and a slightly smaller one, which he rents out, charging 880 zlotys a month.
The MP also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at $ 150,000. zł.
Jarosław Kaczyński also published an earlier statement.
Conservative Party conference recess vote
British MPs have voted against a three-day break in the House of Commons for the Conservative Party's annual conference, the government has requested.
289 MPs voted in favour, 306 against.
It is customary for the House of Commons not to sit during party conferences, so that MPs do not have to resign either from attending them or from sitting in Parliament.
But opposition parties have said that at such a crucial time, which is the final weeks before Britain's planned exit from the European Union on October 31, Parliament should not be interrupted.
289 MPs voted in favour of the government's recess motion, with 306 against.
Two opposition parties after conventions
The failure to agree to a recess could be seen as political revenge by the opposition on Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend Parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday the decision was declared illegal by the Supreme Court) and for refusing to apologise after the judges ' ruling.
Following that ruling, the House of Commons resumed session on Wednesday, and the most important event of the day was Johnson's speech and the ensuing stormy debate.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding an early election.
He said: "the time has come to deliver brexit.
It needs to be implemented to respect the referendum result.
Brexit has to come so we can get on with the deal on people's priorities, on the health service, on the cost of living.
Brexit must be done so that we can unite this country,” Johnson said.
The Conservative Party conference is due to begin in Manchester next Sunday and run until Wednesday 2 October.
Conferences of the two main opposition parties – Labour and the Liberal Democrats – have already taken place.
One of the reasons Johnson gave in explaining the long suspension of Parliament was party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
"President Andrzej Duda believes that the anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders," foreign media wrote.
The president's spokesman strongly denied the reports.
"This is simply not true," Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
Israeli media m.in. "Haaretz" and "Jerusalem Post", citing Jewish Insider, write that Andrzej Duda, during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora at the Polish consulate in New York, declared that Israel was to blame for recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said the rise in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland was a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He was referring to the words of Israeli Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who said in February that "Poles have sucked anti-Semitism out of Mother's milk."
Andrzej Duda said he regretted that Israel had not apologised for the humiliating statements made by its politicians.
He also mentioned an act of aggression against the Polish ambassador to Israel, Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by an assailant who shouted "Pole, Pole."
"The quote is not only inaccurate.
This is simply not true,” Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
He stressed that Duda"never said that Israel was responsible for recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
According to Spychalski, the portal "invented it."
According to the "JI" interlocutors, during the meeting there was also a dispute between Holocaust survivor and recipient of the Commander's Cross of the order of Merit of Poland Edward Mosberg and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg was expected to agree with Mr Duda's words and say that it was Jews in Israel "like the Israel Hangover" who were responsible for the rise in anti-Semitism.
According to the website's sources, Boteach was supposed to interrupt Mosberg's speech.
Who is Banash and what is his fault?
The squatters ' rented tenement led a journalist to discover negligence in Marian Banasio's estate statements.
Here's another scandal that has rocked the ruling camp.
Journalists of tvN's" Supervisjera " revealed that Marian Banaś, the president of the Supreme Chamber of control, in recent years did not include in the estate statement the 400-square-metre tenement, which is located in Kraków's Podgórze district.
Moreover, his sub-owner was to run a sex business (i.e. rent rooms for hours) in the said tenement.
The building itself was reportedly as of 2016 a security for the repayment of the loan.
The irregularities were highlighted by Bertold Kittel in the "Super-driver"programme.
The journalist revealed that Banasia's tenement had been rented out by people with links to the criminal world to use as a place for "erotic encounters."
The clients were to be men using the services of prostitutes.
Banas responded to the allegations with vague and vague answers.
Interestingly, the squatters ' rented tenement led a journalist to discover negligence in Banasia's estate statements.
The tenement itself was described in them vaguely, and the income from its rental was to be understated.
"The estate of Marian Banasio and his wife may be worth between 6 and 8 million PLN.
In total, spouses can boast two houses, three apartments, savings[...] ", he writes Money.pl.
And according to the analysis of the website, Banasia house itself was worth about 3 million PLN.
The Central Anti-Corruption Bureau is currently conducting an audit of Marianas Banasia's property claims for the period 2015-2019.
Banaś announced that he would suspend his activities at NIK until its completion. "I will apply to the speaker for unpaid leave," he assured.
The opposition is demanding an explanation.
"We are not hearing CBA expand its investigation or expedite its investigation of Mr Banas" assets.
That is why we are forced to call the authorities of the state and give notice of the possibility of committing an offence [...]”, "said po - KO MP Mariusz Witczak.
"If a normal Pole had priced his property so grossly low, he would have already had 10 checks, tax evasion and criminal proceedings," he added.
He went high, he fell low.
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Chamber of control.
He was appointed to this position on August 30, 2019, for a six-year term.
His candidacy was reported by law and Justice and voted on by politicians of that party.
Banaś was previously associated with NIK from 1992 to 2005., he worked in this institution as an associate of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first governments of the law and Justice Party (2005-2008), Banaś held the position of President of the Customs Service and also undersecretary of state in the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015, he has again served as head of the Customs Service, and since 2017 he has managed the National Revenue Administration. 
Banaś served as Minister of Finance in the Government of Mateusz Morawiecki for three months.
Cooler Master launches graphics card handle
Graphics cards can now weigh quite a lot, and this naturally makes room for product categories that would have been impossible to look for on store shelves a decade ago.
This is the solution – the handle for the elv8 RGB graphics card – presented by Cooler Master.
The new grip model for the graphics card is not only a functional solution to make the graphics card more secure without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-express slot.
The ELV8 RGB Master Cooler also has an additional decorative task.
'Rzeczpospolita': ignoring police officer's orders will be punished
According to the newspaper, disobeying a specific conduct order issued by a police officer is to be a new type of misdemeanor, threatened with a fine, arrest or restriction of Liberty.
That is the change the police unions want.
The idea went to the Sejm Committee on petitions.
"The case is serious, because already every year more than half a million cases of misconduct are brought to the Polish courts," it reads.
The Rzeczpospolita said the petition, which The Independent Police trade union is writing to MPs to change the offence code, had a chance of success.
The authors of the petition propose a new wording for Article 54A of the code of offences.
It would read:"Anyone who does not comply with the request or instruction of a public officer, issued within the limits and under the provisions of the Act, shall be subject to the penalty of arrest, fine or restriction of Liberty."
"Par. 3 of this provision provides for an identical penalty for those who fail to follow orders to prevent or impede the execution of an official act," the Journal reported.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told "Rzeczpospolita" that although he agrees with the main message of the proposed rule, he fears that if implemented, it could be used in political matters.
"In situations of freedom demonstrations, this would be counterproductive and instead of mitigating the situation, they would exacerbate it," he adds.
According to statistics provided by the newspaper, 86 per cent of people in the UK have been diagnosed with cancer. citizens positively reviewed police interventions in 2018, with 1.5 million interventions in the city each month.
Buras worried about Europe
Jáchym Topol has writing in his blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators, and writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important post-war Czech playwrights, today mentioned in a row with Václav Havel.
Thus, The Curse of the talent which he seeks to exploit hung over Jáchym from the beginning.
After eight years, he returned with a "sensitive man."
The protagonists are Buras and Soňa along with their two sons, who do not, however, form a typical Czech family.
They are itinerant actors, travelling around Europe.
He is a Shakespeare lover and a thief, she a one-eyed translator who doesn't part with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys did not make a sound from birth, and for the other, time stopped in infancy.
But it's not the characters that are most important in this story.
All are merely a backdrop to observe a world in which there is no longer room for artistic nomads.
It's a world of a clogged province, a society of old, suspicious people and promiscuous youth.
"Sensitive man"turns into absurd drama
The narrative mimics didascalia, and the conversations of the characters create this world.
The scene is a Europe full of fears for its future but also constant questions about its past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancel 105 flights due to Thomas Cook bankruptcy
Although the British travel agency Thomas Cook has collapsed, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann remains in operation.
However, the company has problems.
According to VRT television, Brussels Airlines announced it would cancel 105 flights in October due to problems related to Thomas Cook's bankruptcy.
Neckermann also laid off 75 employees.
All trips booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but holidaymakers will be able to receive a refund.
The Ghent court also declared three Belgian subsidiary companies bankrupt: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently approx. 12,000. Belgians are staying abroad on trips bought by Thomas Cook.
Another 40,000. he was expected to leave office by the end of the year.
Earlier on Monday, Thomas Cook Belgium spokeswoman Leen Segers said the company was now "fully operational" despite its British parent company declaring bankruptcy, which had caused concern among staff and customers.
The office said at the time that customers who bought trips in it would go on holiday.
Thomas Cook – the world's oldest and one of the largest travel agencies-declared bankruptcy overnight from Sunday to Monday.
The immediate cause of the bankruptcy was the collapse on Sunday of last-ditch talks with creditors and potential investors.
Creditors have demanded that, on top of a £ 900m rescue plan agreed in August, the company get an extra £ 200m as collateral for the winter period, when travel agents typically have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems have been mounting for several years, resulting in debts of up to £ 1.6 bn.
Michal Kubiak after the match against Slovenia (1:3).
'I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
We played very poorly.
This tournament is not over for us yet, " Poland volleyball team captain Michał Kubiak said after the 1-3 defeat against Slovenia in the semi-finals of the European Championship.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation per review
Free accommodation in exchange for feedback – such an unusual offer has been prepared for visitors by the German city of Görlitz.
The measures are designed to help combat the city's growing population decline.
Görlitz is the easternmost city of Germany.
The beautiful pastel Old Town attracts 140,000 visitors a year. tourists.
But as the Guardian writes, the city faces significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with a steady decline in population.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them left for the west of the country, resulting in a 25 percent decline in the city's population.
It had a population of 54,000 in 2013.
Wanting to fight depopulation, officials came up with the idea to start offering free monthly housing in the city.
So far, 150 applications have been submitted to the program.
Two-thirds of these were made up by residents of major cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom also took an interest in the program.
"When we applied, we thought the program was to convince people to move to Görlitz," said one project participant.
"Now we feel it doesn't matter if we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has 7,000 vacant housing units, and unemployment is three times higher than the national average.
While city officials hope some will move permanently, the main goal of the program is to get feedback from the participants.
Information gathered from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revitalize smaller German cities.
"We want to find out more about what people need and if they decide to move – what their motivation was," said Program Director Robert Knippschild.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents by offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals to live and work in the city for a year.
Today, such solvents are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy, and in the American city of Tulsa, Oklahoma.
