Father Joseph Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He is charismatic.
The masses celebrated by him for release and healing draw crowds.
He was several years old when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, with the help of a Franciscan, others experience it.
Masses for deliverance and healing celebrated by Fr Witko are attended by crowds
He was once visited by the parents of a 7-month-old child who had a hole of 7.5 mm in his heart.
It was to be operated on.
Father Józef Witko prayed over him.
Later that day, the boy was taken to hospital for treatment.
Surprised doctors said: "Surgery is not needed, the loss is only 1.5 mm."
My parents cried with happiness.
After another Franciscan prayer, the hole disappeared completely.
The spiritual extraordinary actions of the Creator began to experience as a teenager.
In his dreams, the souls of purgatory came to him asking for help.
I was awake at night and urged to pray for the dead and those who died at a given moment," he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what happens to a man who commits mortal sin.
"My body started to change.
I lost human qualities and started to take on the appearance of an animal," he says.
The invisible force lifted him up, he could not get his voice out of him.
He felt he was lost.
Then God pointed to his rescue.
"Immersed in the waters of the river symbolizing holy baptism, I was freed and returned to human form...," he says.
He didn't tell anyone about these strange experiences.
The vocation matured in him.
He was 16 when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons he wanted not only to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience Him alive.
Members of the Charismatic Community of Renewal in the Holy Spirit
The masses for healing celebrated by Father Witko are attended by many people who hope to get rid of the disease.
However, the priest emphasizes that their main goal is spiritual healing, not physical healing.
First defeat of Kolping FRAC Jarosław
This afternoon (26 September) Kolping FRAC team deservedly succumbed at home to the current Polish champion Darts Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki as part of the 3rd round of LOTTO Superliga Table Tennis.
Yaroslavl, in such a personal juxtaposition as they presented with the strongholds, have little chance of winning against the league's sovereignty.
This was clearly shown by the duel with Darts Bogoria.
The team is still missing, hailed as the team leader, Chen Jingqi.
Perhaps with him in the squad Yaroslavl would reach for a third consecutive triumph in the new season.
The young Asian Qiyao Han has probably not yet grown up to win against the likes of Greek Panagiotis Gionis and Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most promising Poles, that is Marek Badowski.
The player from Hellada was the biggest star of the match in the MOSiR hall at Sikorskiego Street in Jarosław.
Both in the clash with Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei was a class for himself.
After three games, Kolping FRAC led 2-1.
Kou Lei probably beat Marek Badowski, and Daniel Górak after an exciting, five-set fight - Pavel Siruck.
But then it was worse.
Gionis did not give Leia a chance.
One could still hope to win for two points, but Qiyao Han did not match Badowski.
There will be no additional research for seniors.
Why?
According to Rafał Lewandowski, a program of free preventive examinations for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it has not been accepted by the Ministry of Health and its subordinate Agency for Health Technology Protection and Tariff.
In its justification, the agency explained that the target group had been poorly selected.
"The above actions may even result in the detection of individual disease units, which may contribute to the worsening of difficulties in accessing NFZ benefits and adversely affect the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with a falsely positive test result," it says.
The decision of the ministry is not understood by the president of the capital.
"The money is ours, we predicted the money for it.
Only the government is afraid that if people examine themselves, they will go to the doctor later, which is absurd, because it is about bringing about a situation in which prophylaxis can be done faster.
All specialists know that this helps in terms of the burden on the health system, because it helps in the rapid detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand."
"It is hard for me to imagine that proficient specialists say: Let us not examine ourselves, because there will be longer queues at the doctor, and if such specialists advise the government, I am not surprised that health care is in such a state," added the politician of the Civic Platform.
Palestine responds to Israel: We will break all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas announced at a session of the United Nations General Assembly on Thursday that he would break all agreements with Israel if the country's future government tried to meet Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement of the annexation of occupied Palestinian lands.
"If the future government of Israel, which will arise, starts to implement this plan, we will nullify all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made," he announced.
"We will reject the whole plan completely and completely," threatened Abbas with pressure.
"It is our duty to defend all our rights by all possible means - no matter what the consequences will be - by engaging fully in the application of international law and in the fight against terrorism," said the President of the Palestinian Authority, who had already made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, the former Prime Minister of Israel, was again sent to form a government after the 17 September elections.
A week before the election, he announced that if he won, he would announce the annexation of the Jordan Valley and intend to include all Jewish settlements throughout the West Bank in Israel.
In the early 1990s, Israel and the Palestinians, then led by Yasser Arafat, signed a series of peace agreements sponsored by the United States.
The 84-year-old Abbas also promised during the session of the UN General Assembly to hold general elections on Palestinian lands.
The last one took place in 2006.
"On my return to the country, I will call local elections in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem, and all those who oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community," the Palestinian president solemnly declared.
Abbas also defended in his speech the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the United Nations, to exercise the rights of "full members of the United Nations and all its bodies and institutions."
The Palestinian leader concluded the speech by calling on the international community to "force Israel to comply with the United Nations resolutions with all due respect."
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas' speech, declaring that the Palestinian leader "prefers to focus in the United Nations on the efforts of the Palestinian Authority against Israel rather than fight against calls for terrorism in the Autonomy under his leadership."
Danon, however, as the agencies note, did not refer to the annexation of occupied Palestinian lands announced by Netanyahu.
Rescuers want defibrillators at sensitive points in Przemyśl
History from the border crossing shows that an automatic AED defibrillator can save human lives.
The Provincial Emergency Service Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be located in sensitive points of the city.
For their attitude, the officers received congratulatory diplomas from the Voivodeship Emergency Service Station in Przemyśl.
Trainee Daniel Cyrnek, senior trainee Grzegorz Bal and Commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Podkarpackie Customs and Tax Office in Przemyśl.
On August 28, they were on duty at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medyka.
A Chinese activist died in custody as a result of torture.
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Constitution
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, was called by the Communist Party secretary from her home village on 23 September to report that her husband had just died at a military hospital in Hengyang.
What was the cause of death - he did not reveal.
In the morgue, Cao saw her husband's body massacred, unrecognisable.
"His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were all in blood," the woman says.
"They didn't let me take my cell with them, and there were a lot of policemen around who didn't get close to Wang."
The police pressured her to sign a statement that her husband was seriously ill and died as a result of an "unfortunate accident".
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million of funding will go to companies from the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
The National Centre for Research and Development announced the results of the third edition of GameINN on Friday.
Almost 30 projects supported by the NCBR included, among others, the development of a platform for creating field games based on the AR game engine creating a map of the real world with an application enabling the transmission of data by users; a test and training platform for verifying practical skills at the workplace and professional development using VR and AI technologies; an innovative game simulating the management of real production processes using an innovative gameplay model based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the concept of industry 4.0 - it was stated in the NCBR release sent to PAP on Friday.
The aim of the GameINN sector programme is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish video game industry on the global market by 2023.
According to the NCBR, the Polish video game sector is already growing at a rate of 10% per year.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 amounted to PLN 1.85 billion, while the forecast for 2019 is PLN 2.23 billion.
"The specially prepared GameINN research agenda and already reaching 300 million PLN support for entrepreneurs under this sector program are an important impulse for further, dynamic growth of Polish gamedevu," reads the release.
The video game industry is an excellent example of effective use of the potential we have in Poland.
"The incentives introduced by the government for entrepreneurs who focus on innovation, such as R&D incentives, competence improvement programmes, IP box or support programmes implemented by the National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR) drive innovative activity of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a very competitive market," says Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the release.
The head of the Ministry of Science points out that the money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of project funding, but also stays in their pockets - three quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from the R&D relief in 2018 than the year before.
"The amount of deducted costs related to R&D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which gave over PLN 300 million savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is the equivalent of the support provided by the NCBR in three editions of GameINN," underlines the Deputy Prime Minister.
Wojciech Kamieniecki, Director of the National Centre for Research and Development, reminds that 78 innovative projects were awarded in two previous competitions with a total value of over PLN 211.2 million.
The huge interest in the III competition and the variety of applications submitted show that the video game industry has the ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
"It is particularly pleasing that among the selected projects - as in previous editions - there are projects dealing not only with entertainment, but also with industry 4.0," he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding of up to PLN 20 million.
The National Centre for Research and Development received 87 applications for a total amount of PLN 317 million.
The budget of the competition at the time of the announcement of the competition was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects were granted almost PLN 105 million in funding.
Detailed information about the results of the 3rd GameINN competition is available at ncbr.gov.pl.
The GameINN sector programme is implemented under the Smart Growth Operational Programme.
NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to the initiative of entrepreneurs associated in the Polish Games Agreement, which includes companies such as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga pleaded guilty to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident occurred on 16 September.
Dolberg, who went from Ajax Amsterdam to Nice at the end of August, realized after training that his watch had disappeared from the locker room.
Not just any, because it is worth EUR 70 thousand.
A furious Dane did not attend the class the next day, explaining his stomach problems.
The case was puzzling from the start.
Footballers in the locker room have private safes at their disposal and the club area is monitored.
According to AFP, Diaby-Fadiga eventually confessed to the theft.
The 18-year-old has already apologised to Dolberg and his other teammates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised the Danish to return the money for his watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most prospective players of the young generation in France.
He moved to Nice as a 13-year-old before making his debut in the first team three years later.
He appeared in seven games this season.
He recently signed a professional contract but, according to L'Equipe, the club is likely to dissolve it with immediate effect.
For now, he has initiated disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, refuses to comment on the matter.
See if you're sure to wash your hands well
We all know that they need to be washed (for example, after coming home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it the right way.
This is important especially now that autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
And most of us wash them shorter!
Warm water and ordinary soap are enough - it is not true that it must be antibacterial (many doctors even advise against them).
When washing, we rub not only the soles and tops of the hand, but also: the tips of the fingers (joined or individually) - rub them with circular movements on the inside of the other hand, spaces between the fingers (intertwine hands, rubbing fingers against each other), thumbs - each thumb we embrace with the other hand and in such embrace we turn it a moment to the right and left.
In an emergency (when you can't wash your hands) you should wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief, and then use an antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from PLN 5).
After using the public toilet, do not touch the handles or doors with washed hands (recommendation of the Main Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them through a paper towel.
Iran's president says he has rejected a proposal for talks with the US, Donald Trump denies
Tehran did not enter into talks with the American side during the UN General Assembly in New York, despite the offer made by the Americans to abolish sanctions, said Iranian President Hassan Rowhani on Friday.
US President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side that asked for the restrictions to be lifted, which he did not agree to.
According to Iranian President Hassan Rowhani, the Americans offered to lift all sanctions imposed on Tehran in exchange for negotiating a new international agreement.
It would regulate both Iran's nuclear program and its ballistic missile program.
Rowhani: Iran will not engage in talks amid maximum pressure
The Iranian President said he did not agree to engage in these talks because of the "toxic atmosphere".
He stated that he had met with American diplomats because he had been persuaded by France, Germany and the United Kingdom.
However, he stressed that Iran would not engage in talks in an atmosphere of "maximum pressure".
"And even if we want to negotiate with the Americans in a 5 + 1 format, nobody can predict what the end result will be," Rowhani said.
The day before, the Iranian leader said that he did not exclude talks with the US, and accused European parties to the nuclear agreement of favouring American sanctions on Iran.
He added that sanctions imposed on Iran after the US withdrawal from the nuclear agreement "are a precondition that does not allow" dialogue to be established.
If we can lift this precondition and if America abolishes sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America," he declared.
He added that he did not exclude a meeting with the president of the USA Donald Trump, despite the fact that he did not agree to such a conversation last week during the UN General Assembly.
Trump: "Iran asked, I said no"
Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that he had rejected the Iranian side's request.
"Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them so that we could meet.
Of course I said 'no!'," the US president vetoed.
Tension with atomic understanding in the background
France, Germany and the United Kingdom are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran to somehow save the 2015 agreement with Iran, of which they were signatories.
It stated that, in exchange for lifting economic sanctions, Iran would abandon its nuclear weapons program and put the nuclear sector under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the US withdrew from the agreement in May 2015, the remaining signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in place.
For now, nothing has come of it.
Washington is using tactics to put maximum pressure on Iran, and sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran has announced that if it does not receive permission to export the raw material, it will limit its obligations under the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESZÓW: Cabaret pod Wyrwigrosz
We have tickets for you!
The cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will perform on 6 October at 4 p.m. in Hrubieszów House of Culture in Hrubieszów.
The cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will present a program entitled "Tra ta ta ta".
There will be talks about pop-up drinks and Toruń's geothermal energy.
Tickets are 60 PLN, you can buy them in HDK, as well as on the website biletowakasa.pl.
For TZ readers we have free tickets.
How to get them, check our Facebook profile.
The judge of the Provincial Administrative Court in Warsaw and the husband of the heiress Emilia, who - according to her words and screenshots from WhatsApp - participated in stalking against the judges, was reinstated by the NSA on Wednesday.
The reason: disciplinary proceedings have not been initiated against him, so there is no basis for upholding the order of the President of the Province Administrative Court Wojciech Mazur to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a disciplinary spokesman at the Supreme Administrative Court, opened an investigation against Szmydt at the end of August, but it has not turned into proceedings against him so far.
Although the Supreme Administrative Court, which acts as a disciplinary court in such cases, must deal with the decision of the President of the Supreme Administrative Court within a month of its issuance.
In this situation, a judge who spoke publicly about his wife's mental problems in order to discredit her, who was removed from the office of the National Court Register due to suspicions of participation in a terrorist group, will return to adjudication and will issue judgments on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his participation in the Heist group.
He claims that there is no evidence of this other than fake screenshots and the words of his wife, with whom he is divorced.
Exactly the same is claimed by the other judges connected with the 'Caste': everybody is innocent, there is no evidence.
And it's quite possible that they'll bet on their own.
Because procurators have not nodded their fingers to secure evidence from their electronic media, they are also silent about the contents of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which she stopped in June in another case.
The police did not shake their fingers to secure the devices of people whom Judge Waldemar Żurek pointed out as persecutors in a report from February.
There is no evidence - there is no Szmydt case, there is no "Kasty" case.
There is also no case of the chief of the Supreme Chamber of Control Marian Banasio about renting a tenement house to cassocks and hiding income.
The CBA checks his property statements.
And he will check when he checks.
Whereas the Commission of Parliamentary Ethics will not take care of Banas, because the Seym is suspended (but the Commission of State Control somehow got together in order to make a curious decision about dismissing deputies of Banas and appointing him as his lawyer, although the law does not provide for such a strange combination).
The whole thing reminds me of a film novella, an American one, about how my wife comes home and finds her husband with her lover in bed.
She is so amazed and devastated that she can't shout a word.
She stands in the door dumbfounded, and during this time the lover quickly jumps out of bed, dresses and leaves.
And the husband is bedding the bed.
When the wife regains her voice and shouts: what is it supposed to be?
Who is this woman?
The husband calmly asks: what woman, darling?
Only that in the case of 'Caste' or Banasia there is a parody of the state.
And that's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Signing an agreement with an auditor to audit financial statements for 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S.A. informs that on 27 September 2019 it signed an agreement with Premium Audyt Spółka z o.o. with its registered office in Poznań at 1/1 Czartoria Street, entered under KRS number 0000540136 into the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court in Poznań - Nowe Miasto and Wilda in Poznań, VIII Commercial Division of the National Court Register, entered into the list of entities authorized to audit financial statements under number 3992.
The subject of the agreement is to audit the financial statements of Maxipizza S.A. for the following financial years: a. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, c. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in the high jump final
Earlier this season, returning to competition after the maternity break, the player, bronze medalist of the World Championships from London 2017, in the first attempt defeated 1.85 and 1.89 and in the second 1.92.
1.94 managed to get it only in the third approach.
"I'm glad.
I showed that I could fight because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I will have to jump better technically," admitted Lićwinko in front of the Eurosport camera.
It was won by Vashti Cunningham of the United States and Karyna Demidik of Belarus.
The two players were the only ones not to drop any height.
The women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
Beginning at 7:30 p.m. Polish time.
Kornel Morawiecki is in hospital in serious condition
He was taken to the hospital and doctors describe his condition as severe.
It must be added that he is conscious and conscious.
"We believe he will come out of it, that he will win again.
We all pray that he will recover," said an anonymous close person of Kornel Morawiecki in an interview with journalists of the Super Express.
In the upcoming election, the prime minister's father is running for the Senate.
"I'm kept alive by my closest family and politics," said Kornel Morawiecki in an interview he gave to Super Express reporters two weeks ago.
In January, Super Express reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki had been taken to the Military Hospital in Wrocław for testing.
"I had strange, disturbing symptoms and I reported to the hospital.
It turned out I had jaundice.
But the worst was in front of me.
When a CT scan was performed, it was found that I had pancreatic cancer...," the Prime Minister's father said.
A few days later, Kornel Morawiecki underwent a serious operation at the Ministry of Interior hospital in Warsaw.
According to Morawiecki, president Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain priest Zbigniew Kras to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and was successful.
"I know that many people prayed for me, for which I thank you very much.
Fortunately, I don't rather have metastases.
I do not know yet if I will undergo chemotherapy.
I put myself in the hands of specialist doctors, who are rather well-meaning.
For now, after this severe operation, I have to return to some state of usability.
I hope that everything will be good," said Kornel Morawiecki in an interview with "SE" in January.
"If I had undergone an examination too late, the situation would have been tragic and I would have said goodbye to this fall...," he added.
Kraków: a 14-year-old missing
Officers from the Municipal Police Headquarters in Krakow are searching for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact us.
She was reported missing on 26 September in the evening and has not returned or made contact with her loved ones.
She was last seen at Stary Gościniec Street in Kraków.
Nel Stokłosa is 14 years old, 167 cm tall, has blonde hair and grey-blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was dressed in a hoodie, grey pants and shoes.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact the police at 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The power of Oława jumps.
The title of the coverage of amateur sports competitions, held on Sunday afternoon 15 September at the hippodrome at Oleandry Street in Oława, can be confusing for some.
The road to true power is far away, but this is what one of the types of horse rivalry is called...
The jumping power competition consists in the rider and horse overcoming higher and higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed even two meters.
It is worth mentioning that the long-standing and still unbeaten world record, set in 1949 by the Chilean Albert Larraguibel, on the horse "Huaso", is 247 cm.
Nobody jumped so high in Oława, of course, but the result of the best local amazons at 135 cm is not the worst either...
The competition organized by tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other activists of JKS "W sodle", constituted a demonstration part of the earlier "Rainbow equestrian competitions," about which we write more in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight amazons took part in the competition, training equestrian in Oława JKS.
Four competed on ponies and four on large horses.
In the first group the best was Nikola Szołdra, sitting on the crazy "Sprinter".
This small but very dynamic tiller started by overcoming obstacles spread at a height of 40 cm, and ended only at the stationary with the upper beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not give up easily and only after three consecutive refusals he was removed from further competition by the jury.
The second place in pony jumping was taken by Amelia Pawlak, sitting on "Fama", and the third by Lena Boruń on "Harmider".
Ambitiously fought the youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, galloping and jumping through obstacles on the small mare "Carmen".
Even more excitement accompanied the competing amazons and spectators during the competition with the participation of large horses.
Terrible-looking falls included Paulina Szewczyk, sitting on the "Declaration" and Anastasia Abramenko, who rode on "Lotka".
Fortunately, apart from minor bruises, nothing bad happened to the amazons or horses, so they continued to participate in the competition.
Weronika Łuczkiewicz had a lot of problems with introducing the young mare "Wineta" to the car park.
What was needed was either an assistant trainer or another horse for the pair, followed by a little crazy "Wineta".
"Everything is under control," reassured Jan Sienkiewicz a little to those frightened spectators, especially the youngest ones.
From the beginning of the big horses competition Marta Masalska, sitting on a beautiful "Whisky," did a great job on the park.
This dignified mare, paired with an experienced amazon, after the second approach in the final phase was the first to jump 135 cm and this was the best result at the moment.
After a while, however, Paulina Szewczyk on "Declaration", Weronika Łuczkiewicz on "Wineta" and Anastasia Abramenko on "Lotka" also scored the same height.
So, to decorate the flo and to receive the prizes in the form of equestrian equipment, all these contestants left together, and at the end, together with the amazons on ponies in the rhythm of Radecki's march, they performed an impressive round of honour, ending this interesting and exciting competition.
Thanks
The Equestrian Sports Club "W Siodle" cordially thanks the sponsors of the jump power competition during the 16th "Rainbow Equestrian Competition": the Municipal Office in Oława, the Water Supply and Sewerage Plant in Oława, the District Office and the company "Mustang".
Max Kolonko cuts off from KWW Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution
KWW The Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko is the name of the election committee under which the political formation # R Revolution of Mariusz Max Kolonko was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution directed its proposal especially to young voters with right-wing views.
Before the elections Kolonko announced cooperation with Marek Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions happened, and the KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko did not even manage to collect enough signatures to issue lists in any electoral district in Poland.
Now Kolonko has announced on Twitter that he has ended his collaboration with KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko.
"I will expect the abovementioned KWW to remove my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to connect my person with the aforementioned entity," he added and announced that he will provide more information soon.
For now, it is not known whether the journalist will continue his action or whether it is the end of the # R Revolution formation.
On 4 July, American Independence Day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko announced the formation of a new political formation, the # R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko has become famous for running the Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
"We have enough politicians, enough of your foolish games, enough of your amateur governments.
It is time for the authorities in the country to take over the Nation and rule for the good of the Nation," said Kolonko.
The party's programme included, among others, issues concerning the judiciary (it should be elected in general elections), tax changes (equalization of the tax-free amount for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid for the countries of the eastern flank of NATO, with particular emphasis on Poland), holding a referendum on the possession of weapons, limiting the number of MPs or introducing single-member constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of the new political formation Mariusz Max Kolonko started talks with Marek Jakubiak.
At the end of July, Kolonko posted a message on his social media profile suggesting that #R would join forces with the 15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions were ultimately reached.
UBS: Gold close to balance point
"The euro exchange rate will remain around PLN 4.35 in the coming months, accompanied by a weak economic situation in global markets," says Michael Bolliger from UBS Wealth Management.
"Expectations to maintain a solid pace of economic growth and stable monetary policy speak for the stabilization of the zloty quotations at the current ceiling," says the specialist in an interview with Bankier.pl.
In his opinion, despite the clear inflation pressure, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to raise rates in an environment in which the vast majority of central banks are easing policy.
"While the zloty is properly valued - euro prices should remain around the ceiling of PLN 4.35 in the coming months - in his opinion Polish bonds are not very attractive.
Emerging-market bonds offer much more favorable yields than Polish securities," says Michael Bolliger, Head of Asset Allocation for Emerging Markets at UBS Wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the deterioration of the global economic situation.
"The global slowdown may get worse, but there should not be a severe recession, and at most GDP growth should fall slightly below zero," says Michael Bolliger.
"Investors should underweight global equities, which may be harmed by the lack of prospects for resolving the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risk factors, including Donald Trump's impeachment procedure and Brexit.
Europe should behave relatively weakly among equity markets," says Mark Haefele, chief executive of UBS Wealth Management, in a recent letter to investors.
"Shares from eurozone countries should behave worse than the US, because they are more vulnerable in conditions of increased uncertainty around global trade and fears of slowing down," reads the document.
According to Michael Bolliger, after the boom in the bond markets of the safest countries pushed the profitability of German 10-year-olds even to minus 0.74%, it is still possible to deepen the decline in profitability.
However, in the long term, the profitability of long-term securities should no longer fall, but only in the short term, due to the easing of banks' monetary policy.
The Fed has the biggest scope for interest rate cuts, which should lead to a weakening of the US currency over the next few years.
The long-term equilibrium point for euro notes is the ceiling of USD 1.29, which would mean a 19% potential for strengthening the common currency to the dollar.
We expect further cuts in Fed rates, which will result in a reduction in the differences in monetary policy in the world.
"To maintain the strength of the dollar in the long term may not allow deficits in the current and budget accounts," announces Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr loses its weapons.
Confidential report of the German Ministry of Defense
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has recorded the disappearance of 39 weapons, 39 parts of weapons and 19,445 ammunition, according to a confidential list compiled by the Federal Ministry of Defence.
Information was provided by the press belonging to the media group RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the office of the Parliamentary Secretary of State in the Ministry of Defense Peter Tauber (CDU), two pieces of weapons, one part of weapons and 3,474 pieces of ammunition have so far been re-tracked.
Among the military equipment still missing are six MG3 universal machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic rifles, six signal guns, and two P8 pistols.
In addition, 30 barrels for MG3 machine guns are missing.
Left Party vice-president Martina Renner expressed concern about the situation.
As the RND told reporters, the number of missing weapons and ammunition is "alarming".
All the more so because as a result of the investigations, only a small part of the lost equipment was found.
Martina Renner summarized the effects of these actions as a "miserable balance".
In December 2017, the Federal Prosecutor's Office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a severe act of violence threatening state security and violating the provisions of the law governing access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing assassinations of leading German politicians for far-right and racist motives.
His 'blacklist' of targets, which fell into the hands of procurators, included the then Justice Minister Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green Party and Anetta Kahane, a human rights defender and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung foundation in Berlin.
Franco A. illegally owned four firearms, more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition and more than 50 explosives.
Crying children on the plane.
How to avoid them?
There is a solution
Japan Airlines has recently been using a feature designed for people for whom travelling with a crying child is a nightmare.
Through the website, airlines can check the timetable of seats on the aircraft.
If a connection is made by a minor under the age of two, the "child icon" appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place distant from the one occupied by the toddler.
The BBC says that the lines have already reported the shortcomings of this solution.
The "child icon" will not appear when the ticket was booked by a third party or if the aircraft was changed at the last minute.
As you might expect, the idea divided internet users.
Some Twitter users point out that the problem of travelling with crying children can be solved with noise-reducing headphones.
They are children, and we used to be them.
"We need to learn tolerance because we will soon need a map of seats for mouth-breathing, drooling or drunkards," wrote G Sundar.
Another internet user noticed that he used to be disturbed by crying children on the plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent himself.
Ne also lacks supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"Thank you for warning me against screaming children during the 13-hour journey," wrote Rahat Ahmed.
Majorca reckons losses after bankruptcy of travel agent Thomas Cook
More than 25,000 foreign tourists will not travel to Majorca in October as a result of the bankruptcy announced by travel agent Thomas Cook on Monday.
According to the representative of the autonomous government of the Balearic Islands Marc Pons, among the 25,000 holidaymakers who will not be able to take advantage of the October holiday in Majorca, there are also people who were supposed to travel with companies indirectly associated with Thomas Cook, such as Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80% of expected holidaymakers who, due to the bankruptcy of a British company, had to give up their holiday in Majorca next month are citizens of Germany and Scandinavian countries.
However, according to Pons, as Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the Balearic island between November and April, the losses to the local economy will be smaller.
He revealed that the Balearic government had already begun negotiations with international operators about "entering the Majorca market" following the bankruptcy of the British operator.
Estimates by the newspaper Diario de Mallorca show that more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs in October due to the tourism crisis in Majorca.
Around 800 are dismissed employees of the Thomas Cook office in Palma.
Other people will lose their jobs mainly in the hospitality sector.
On Monday, with Thomas Cook declaring bankruptcy in many Majorca hotels, the owners of the facilities demanded that guests pay an additional fee for accommodation.
This situation was experienced, among others, by several dozen tourists from Poland.
The Balearic government estimates that by Thursday, dozens of hotels in Majorca had ceased operations at least until the end of October following the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook and its associated companies.
On the other hand, the Friday newspaper 'Diario de Ibiza' indicates that most of the hotels operating in Ibiza, which cooperated with the Thomas Cook group, do not have the intention of closing their facilities in the coming weeks.
The newspaper recalls that on this Balearic island the British bankruptcy cooperated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the autonomous Balearic authorities announced that they would ask the Spanish government to support the region with €100 million to cover losses caused by the bankruptcy of travel agent Thomas Cook.
They revealed that the most affected tourists in this archipelago, about 36,000 people, are in Majorca.
According to data from the Balearic government, Thomas Cook owes around €5 million to local tourism companies, mainly hotel operators, for the implementation of contracts for the period July-September 2019.
FIFA Women's Ranking.
Poland still in 29th place, USA at the helm
The Poland women's national football team is ranked 29th in the International Football Federation (FIFA) ranking published on Friday.
In the same position, coach Miłosz Stępiński's team was classified in the previous July ranking.
Poor staff matches.
How will it be in October?
The leaders were the American women, who recently defended the title of world champion.
The second place in the ranking was held by Germany and the third by the Netherlands.
Polish women are preparing for the ME qualification.
They were due to start their away match against the Czech Republic on 3 September.
The day before the meeting, it was postponed by one year due to food poisoning.
In this situation, Polish women will inaugurate their qualifications with a meeting with Spanish women on 12 November in Lublin.
Earlier, "White and Red" will play two friendly matches - on 3 October away from Cyprus, and five days later in Kielce with Brazil.
The group's rivals are Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The group winners and the top three second-placed teams advance directly to the final tournament.
The other six teams from second position will play in the play-offs for the last three passes to the European Championship.
The stake of 16 participants will be completed by the host - England.
Poland's men's national team dropped from 20th to 22nd in the FIFA World Rankings in September.
"Rom": Smog crushed the row
"The effects of the Clean Air programme are poor and coal stoves will kick like nothing this winter," we read on the front page of today's Rzeczpospolita.
"So far, 82 thousand applications for funding with a total value of PLN 2 billion have been submitted under the Clean Air Programme, of which 48 thousand decisions were positive.
Accepted applications amount to a total of over PLN 915 million," says Rz, citing data from the spokesman of the Minister of the Environment.
As the newspaper points out, only part of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the programme.
The results of the announced programme are described by the daily as "modest".
Local governments, quoted by 'Rz', see the failures of 'Clean Air', among the others, in too much bureaucracy.
"The program should be much simpler: electronic notification, sending invoices by post, possible random control of implementation.
This would improve operations," says the mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński, Jacek Wiśniowski.
Activists from the Polish smog alarm note that in the first year of operation less than 1% of the assumed target of replacing 3 million boilers was achieved.
As 'Rz' notes, although the budget of the program is 103 billion zlotys for 10 years, that is, 10 billion zlotys per year, this amount is virtual.
"In the budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management, PLN 1.4 billion has been reserved for this year," we read.
Congress agrees to F-35 for Poland
Błaszczak: Now price negotiations
The US Congress agreed to sell 32 of the most modern F-35 aircraft to Poland.
"This is one of the last steps before concluding the contract, but not the end of our work," wrote Mariusz Błaszczak on Twitter.
"We will negotiate hard to achieve the best possible price," added the Polish minister.
Agreement for Polish F-35
The Polish Air Force is to supply 32 F-35 Lightning II fighters produced by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the US State Department agreed to sell them to Poland.
The Communication underlines that the investment will support national security and US foreign policy by improving the security of the NATO ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to information from the State Department, Poland is to pay 6.5 billion dollars for fighter jets.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department noted that the contract will also include the supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, the performance of engineering, logistics and personnel services as well as related elements of logistics support and program and staff training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters
The Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II is a single-seat, single-engine, fifth-generation multi-role fighter.
The aircraft is capable of carrying out close support, bombing and typically fighter air combat missions.
With the use of stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable for short-range radar.
Recently, F-35 fighters were bought by Belgium under a $4.55 billion contract.
The Belgians want to replace the aging F-16.
Other US allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, are also expected to consider buying US combat aircraft.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
Producer Barbie has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls.
He wants to fight stereotypes in this way.
Producer Barbie has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls
In addition to Barbie with different skin color, figure or hairstyle, Mattel has launched gender-neutral dolls.
Toys from the "Creatable World" series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie is to have short hair or long.
Their wardrobe consists of both trousers and dresses.
In the twinkling of an eye, dolls can become boys from girls and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
Gender dolls no longer have full mouths, long eyelashes and a slim waist or - in Ken's case - wide arms.
The company believes that children do not like when their dolls have gender norms imposed, and some parents and feminists are convinced that toys made for a particular gender inhibit girls' ambitions and strengthen traditional stereotypes.
"The new dolls will allow all children to feel free," says Mattel.
Barbie doll, which appeared on the market in 1959 in swimwear and high-heeled shoes, has been repeatedly criticized in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes", such as the unnatural proportion of the body.
The company has responded to the criticism and has already launched dolls with different skin colors, as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls in the hijab.
Zandberg: Circle or club Together can have a dozen MPs
When asked on ZET radio how many candidates of his party could get to the Seym from the lists of leftist groups (KW SLD from which candidates for the Seym of the Democratic Left Alliance, Spring and Left Together, running with the common logo 'Left'), Zandberg replied that it depends on the result of the committee.
"I believe that the result of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people have a hope that the Left is not only right, but also has strength," he noted.
According to Zandberg, the left may have 60-80 MPs.
"This may mean that the Circle or Club Together will have a dozen MPs.
But it depends on Polish women and Poles.
I won't guess and say how it's going to happen," he said.
Asked if the Left Together would have a separate circle, Zandberg said: "We are agreed that we are diverse, and we will not pretend that this diversity does not exist.
I think that Poles rewarded this diversity because we showed that by differing, we were able to agree on a common program."
Asked if the biggest beneficiary of the joint start was the SLD leader Włodzimierz Czarzasty, Zandberg replied that in his opinion the biggest beneficiaries were centre-left and left-wing voters.
In turn, noting that the SLD would get the whole subsidy, he said that "the purpose of the political party is to represent its voters".
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the elections to the Sejm.
In the case of elections to the Senate, he indicated that he was wondering.
"The offer is diverse and in this offer there are candidates to whom my heart is closer, but there are also those to whom my heart is further away," he said.
"However, I will say very honestly and clearly that if I were in District 44 of the Senate, I would take an electoral certificate and vote in another district," the politician stressed.
"I guess I wouldn't be tempted to vote for minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO candidate - PAP)," he added.
In this district, apart from Ujazdowski, the leader of the Citizens of Poland Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from the Law and Justice party start.
Dakar: The largest mosque in West Africa opens
Tens of thousands of people from all over Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday for the inauguration of the huge mosque, believed to be the largest in West Africa.
Muslims came by buses, cars and on foot to the district of Bopp, where a new mosque was built, which could accommodate 30,000 believers.
It was built by the Mouride Brotherhood, part of the Sufi Islamic movement that dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago in a six-hectare wetland area donated by the government.
The name of the mosque Massalikul Jinan ("Paths to Paradise") comes from the title of a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the 19th-century founder of the fraternity, revered by followers as a saint.
The mosque is covered with Carrara marble and has five minarets.
The highest of them is 78 meters.
The mosque can hold 15,000 people inside, and the other as many can stay on the outer esplanade.
In the richly finished interiors you can admire the gilded dome, giant chandeliers and decorations handmade by Moroccan workers.
Builders say the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the edifice still has no comparison to mosques in other regions.
In Morocco, Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca can accommodate 105,000 worshippers.
The construction of the mosque, which cost more than 30 million euros, was funded by private donations.
In addition to the land, the government provided lighting, sanitation and financed road works worth €10.5 million.
Trainer Smyła: Our problem is not Silesia, but ourselves
The pass of eight league matches without a victory Crown players will try to break in Friday's meeting with the vice-leader of the Ekstraklasa Silesia.
"Our problem is not the inhabitants of Wrocław, but ourselves, we have to work on what we play," emphasized the coach Mirosław Smyła.
Machine translation-Bing, Google Korona players last and so far the only victory in the league recorded in the first round, when the away beat 1-0 beniaminka Raków Częstochowa.
Later, they recorded two draws and six defeats, and on Tuesday they lost 0-1 to Zagłębie Lubin in the 1/32 finals of the Polish Cup.
"It fills me with optimism that in the last seconds of the cup match the players were fighting for a goal, they wanted to draw.
Their fall on the pitch after the last whistle was not due to a breakdown, but it was a fall of anger because they were so close," Smyła said.
As he pointed out, Silesia has very strong wings, so it will sensitize the team to play in the side sectors of the pitch.
"We are aware of the quality of the opponent, but we are also looking at what we want to play," added the coach.
In Friday's game in the Crown certainly will not play pausing for excess yellow cards Ognjen Gnjatic, the team will also miss injured Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski.
However, it is edifying to register a few players with a desire to play in a cup match.
"We have a headache, recently it seemed to be gone, and now it is," stated Smyła.
Crown defender Daniel Dziwniel stressed that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the streak of eight league matches in a row without a win, while in the Ekstraklasa anyone can win against anyone.
"We are a good team.
In recent weeks we may not be showing it on the pitch, but the moment will come that we will win and we believe that it will be on Friday," noted the player.
After nine rounds of the Premier League, Korona finished in 15th place with five points.
Silesia has accumulated 12 more and is in second place.
Friday's match in Kielce will start at 8:30 p.m.
These trees can completely disappear from Europe
"42% of the tree species that make up Europe's stands are threatened," warns the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in its Red Book of European Trees published on Friday.
At the top of the list are chestnuts and rowan.
The IUCN, an organisation based in Gland, Switzerland, publishes a list of endangered species of European trees for the first time.
It was drawn up by experts who concluded that of the 454 tree species found in Europe (and elsewhere in the world), 42% are "highly endangered".
Among the causes, the Red Paper lists the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, those trees and shrubs that occur only or mainly on our continent are most at risk.
According to IUCN experts, 58% of species are threatened and 15%, i.e. 66 species of trees and shrubs, are threatened with extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red Paper lists errors in the exploitation of trees, accelerated urbanisation, excessive logging, followed by forest fires and changes in the European ecosystem.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also under serious threat.
"The consequences of human activities lead to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a danger in Europe of the extinction of important and undervalued varieties that form the basis of European ecosystems and have an impact on the health of our planet," concluded Luc Bas, who heads the European IUCN office.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I don't promise 600 +
"Today the Law and Justice party wants to bribe Poles by offering them distribution on credit for their freedom, which will have to be paid by future generations," says Grzegorz Kaczyński in an interview for 'Rzeczpospolita'.
In his opinion, "the whole policy of the Law and Justice party is pic".
At the same time, the politician promises that "whatever is given will not be taken away."
He claims in an interview with Jacek Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat the Law and Justice party.
It is about mobilising the electorate at the ballot boxes.
In his opinion, the opposition has a greater potential in this area than Kaczyński's party.
"Today there are more conscious people who want to live in a normal country than supporters of the Law and Justice party, a party which has betrayed the proclaimed values, such as modesty, humility, transparency," he says.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic Platform also pointed out the basic assumptions of the KO electoral programme.
"Firstly, nothing given will be taken away, but it is necessary to set a direction for the future, because the Law and Justice party deals exclusively with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even after dramatically low investments," he said.
Secondly, it is about 'activating the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work honestly - and those who are enterprising'.
He explains that in the KO program there is, among the others, a project which will give the least earning Poles more by 614 zlotys per hand, and the more earning ones - also by several hundred zlotys.
The politician also noted that he did not want to race for distribution.
As he said, he will do as much as he can do, but he does not promise 600 +.
"I will never allow the Greek variant, where the rulers were bidding with the opposition for distribution, until finally there was a financial collapse of the country," he stressed.
In an interview for "Rz" he also stated that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"Pride steps before the fall.
Kaczynski is such a statesman as Banas is crystal," he added.
The leader of the Civic Platform also said that he had not yet decided whether he would run for the chairmanship of the Platform.
Argentina: Six dead great condors
Six dead great condors have been found in the Argentine province of Santa Cruz, reports TVN24.
Specialists believe that human activity contributed to their deaths.
Large condors were probably poisoned with a means of killing predators such as pumas, foxes and wild dogs.
The animals may have eaten a toxic carcass.
In addition to one young individual, the rest of the dead condors were adults.
"This is a big loss for the environment because the condor has to reach 10-15 years to become fertile and able to reproduce.
So we're losing a protected species, an endangered species," says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organization.
"I think the use of toxic bait and poison puts not only this species at risk, but all other forms of life, including human health," he adds.
"Rom": They want a gem for the president
Work has begun to give the head of state a precious chain.
The idea was supported by the office of Andrzej Duda - we read in 'Rzeczpospolita'.
As the newspaper explains, it is about the golden chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insignia officially called in the interwar period the jewel of the Republic of Poland.
The last time it was used was probably by president Ignacy Mościcki.
"Rz" says that soon such a chain may hit the shoulders of Andrzej Duda.
The Senate Committee on Human Rights, the Rule of Law and Petitions voted on Wednesday to work on an amendment to the Law on Orders and Orders to restore it.
The Journal writes that this is also not the first attempt to restore this chain to the head of state.
The Senate had already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it was lost by one vote.
This time the work is rapid.
At the beginning of August, the senators devoted a few minutes to this matter, considering that they would consult the Chancellery of the President.
This came in mid-September.
"I kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in this petition," wrote the presidential minister Andrzej Dera.
On Wednesday, the Senate committee continued the case and again devoted little time to the matter.
"The Chancellery of the President answered us briefly: it is in favour of bringing it back," said the chief of the commission Robert Mamątow from the Law and Justice party, quoted by 'Rz'.
He submitted a request for legislative work, which the committee supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through the intersection
The police action will be conducted, among others, at the intersection of Cieplińskiego Avenue and Piłsudskiego Avenue.
The uniformed actions are somehow related to the recent complaints of the city authorities about drivers who are not always able to behave properly at the crossroads.
On Friday, 27 September, policemen begin preventive actions in Rzeszów.
It is about eliminating traffic obstructions: entering the intersection without the possibility of exit, not adhering to traffic signals or signs.
"We often think that we are alone at the crossroads, and in fact we make life difficult for other drivers," said Marek Ustrobiński, vice-president of the city a few days ago.
His words were heard at a press conference of the town hall, where the city authorities presented examples of inappropriate movement of cars at intersections, which creates traffic jams.
At that time, the president appealed to travellers for common sense on the road and, among other things, faster starting at traffic lights or not writing text messages while driving.
The subject was somehow taken over by Rzeszów police officers, who are starting the action 'Crossing crossings' from today.
What is it all about?
The aim of the actions is to eliminate the phenomenon of limiting mobility at intersections by drivers entering them without the possibility to continue driving.
This is a common offence, which contributes to aggravating traffic congestion and creating traffic jams.
It is threatened with a fine of PLN 300 and 2 penalty points.
In addition, the uniform will pay attention to non-compliance with traffic signals or traffic signs and incorrect parking in the area of intersections.
They will also observe the lack of smoothness of driving, late starting from under sirens, slow crossing of intersections and leaving too long distances between vehicles.
At which intersections will actions be carried out?
Among others, on Lisa-Kuli Street from Jagiellońska Street; Cieplińskiego Avenue from Piłsudskiego Avenue; Targowa Street from Piłsudskiego Avenue; Śreniawitów Square from Dąbrowskiego Street or Hetmańska Street from Powstańców Warszawy Avenue.
Such actions in the capital of Podkarpacie will be conducted on the following Fridays of October.
They controlled a company disposing of waste from "Czajka"
"Officials of the Department of Environmental Protection of the Starostwa Powiatu Wołomińskiego and the District Construction Supervision Inspectorate inspected the installation in Zielonka commune on Friday, where waste from the sewage treatment plant" Czajka "in Warsaw is disposed of," said the spokesman of the Starostwa Wołomińskiego Karol Szyszko.
Inspectors from the Wołomin starosty carried out an inspection in a plant located in the forests belonging to the Zielonka commune.
Private Trade and Transport Plant "Dar-Trans", pursuant to the agreement with the capital sewage treatment plant "Czajka", provides sewage waste management services.
"The installation was inspected and the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his activities," said Szyszko.
He added that the post-audit report will be submitted, among others, to the Voivodeship Environmental Protection Inspectorate in Warsaw.
The last inspection in "Dar-Trans" was carried out by the Provincial Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw between 29 December 2015 and 11 February 2016.
It was established then that the company did not take samples, measurements and tests of groundwater, and did not have the results of tests of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the sewage treatment plant "Czajka".
After the inspection of WIOŚ, Dariusz Sobota was called to stop violating the terms of the decision.
Private Trade and Transport Plant "DAR-TRANS" Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies collecting waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the "Czajka" treatment plant.
According to the decision to carry out waste disposal at the excavation site, waste weighing up to 60,000 tonnes per year is processed in the forests near Zielonka.
The Warsaw Municipal Water Supply and Sewage Company informed last Thursday that at the turn of November and December 2018 STUOŚ was excluded from operation, which was related to damage to one of the incineration plant equipment.
According to MPWiK, the monthly cost of their export is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01.01.2019 to 31.08.2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"You have undertaken a difficult task, you can count on my total support," Lech Wałęsa said to Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska on Friday.
"Mr President, for me these are very important words," replied the candidate of the Civic Coalition for Prime Minister, the leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president stressed that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now 'just a retired fan'.
On Friday, Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met with former president Lech Wałęsa in his office at the European Solidarity Centre in Gdańsk.
A short conversation behind closed doors was also attended by Wałęsa's son - Jarosław.
"You have taken on a difficult task," Lech Wałęsa said after the meeting.
"You can count on my total support," he added.
"The problems before Poland are known to all of us.
Therefore, great hope that you as a woman will cope with these problems, and all of us - those who love Poland - will support your actions as much as possible," said the former president, addressing Kidawa-Błońska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked for her support.
"Mr President, for me these are very important words, because no one like you can talk about freedom, about the constitution and knows how important it is," she said.
"Let's show that you can do a different, wise policy, together, but according to the constitution, according to the law, according to respect for others.
You did your revolution in this way, and we want to change Poland in this way," emphasized Kidawa-Błońska.
A fan in retirement
In an interview with journalists, Wałęsa said he is now "just a retired fan".
"Obviously I'm looking at it.
I hope that we will reverse the course of events, that what was good, proven, (to that) we will return.
The three-division of power is the most important, the constitution is the most important, courts are necessary.
And all this needs to be cleared, all this needs to be restored to normal operation, and I believe that this time we will do it.
Because if not, we will have a street criterion," said Lech Wałęsa.
"That is why it is so important that Poles go to elections, think and make a decision on their own.
And this is the most important thing," added Kidawa-Błońska.
"The last chance that the card will improve the state of affairs in Poland," replied the former president.
"We need to rebuild the foundation"
Asked about the most important changes that should take place in Poland, Kidawa-Błońska said: "The President said very well.
We need to rebuild the foundation on which we can do all the other things.
If the tripartition of powers does not exist, if the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and so that everybody knows that otherwise Poland will not move a step forward.
Slovenia beat Poland 3-1 in the semifinals.
On the hot ground in Ljubljana, Polish volleyball players clashed with Slovenians in the semi-finals of the European Championships.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussion with the judges, with Polish coach Vital Heynen in the lead role.
"White and Red" lost 1-3 and will play for the bronze medal.
Senate decided on key bills
The Senate passed without amendments the Act on disclosure of the assets of the families of the most important state officials and on flights of the most important people in the state.
The amendment to the law on the property of families of state officials - without amendments - was voted by 52 senators, 14 were against, three abstained.
Thus, the senators decided to reject 12 amendments tabled during Wednesday's debate by the senator of the Civic Platform Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were to "civilize" the law and limit the scope of information provided in the declaration on the property situation of own children, spouse's children, adopted children to cases in which children remain in a common household with a person obliged to submit a statement.
The Act on the disclosure of the assets of the families of the most important state officials, whose project was created in the office of the Prime Minister, was passed by the Sejm on 11 September.
The provisions assume that, among the others, the prime minister, ministers, MPs, MEPs, senators, presidents of: the Constitutional Tribunal, the Supreme Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as people standing at the head of other state institutions will be obliged to include information about the personal property of spouses, children and people living together in the property statement.
The Senate also did not propose amendments to the law on the flights of the most important people in the state.
It regulates which flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government aircraft along with the most important people in the state.
The law also specifies who is responsible for keeping the Central Flight Register.
55 senators voted in favour of the bill, 12 against, four abstentions.
According to the law, every flight of the president will be a flight "performed on an official mission".
On flights, the president will be able to be accompanied by family members and other people invited by the president.
Whereas the flight in the official mission of the prime minister and marshals of the Seym and Senate will be only a flight 'carried out in order to carry out tasks directly connected with the function'.
The law also clarifies the list of people who can accompany the most important people in the country during the flight.
According to the regulations, members of the delegation may be on board the aircraft - invited MPs, senators, representatives of public authorities and experts; persons providing technical, medical or organizational services; as well as journalists.
According to the Act, in the event of doubts related to the flights of the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate, the head of the National Broadcasting Council will apply for their clarification.
If such doubts are not clarified within the prescribed time, the head of the National Broadcasting Council will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or the Senate about the impossibility of organising such a flight.
New proxy for sport
Waldemar Paluch appointed his attorney for physical culture, sport and tourism.
It was Artur Świątek, long-time president of the AZS PWSTE Jarosław University Club, for the last 4 years director of the Rector's Office of the Jagiellonian University.
photo: Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek has recently been heavily involved in the project of reactivating basketball in Jarosław.
Artur Świątek is not an anonymous figure in the Yaroslavl sports community.
A graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska since 2002, he has been an instructor at the State University of Technology and Economics in Jarosław, and for 15 years he has been the president
Poles after their first training in Paris, waiting for their last rival
Polish volleyball players had their first training in Paris on Friday, where they will compete in the bronze medal match on Saturday.
Vital Heynen won the title with a 1-3 defeat to Slovenia in Ljubljana on Thursday.
There was a lot of talk about their troubles with travelling to this duel.
This time it was without such problems - on Friday morning they went with the Slovenes on a charter to Paris, and a few hours later they had a training in the famous Bercy hall.
According to reports of people present at the classes, the trainer of the world champions was upset.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not just to practice volleyball elements.
"We went to the hall but in the vast majority it was time for the team.
The idea was to spend it together more than train.
Talk, think about how to rebuild it all as a team," he reported.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the training staff.
"We were brutally brought to the ground.
Without a doubt, we are disappointed.
We still believed we would go back to this match.
We discussed this match between ourselves on the staff, the coach talked a lot with the players.
As the two main reasons for the defeat I would point to inefficiency in the attack and much worse than usual dealing with situational balls.
Slovenians were much better than us in this respect," he analyzed.
In his opinion, "White and Red" did not stand in the way of the stress associated with the performance against the co-hosts of the tournament, supported by a loud and large audience.
He admitted that the world champions could sleep a bit on the smooth road to the semi-finals.
"Perhaps if we had a similar-style defeat in the group stage, we would have analysed this lesson more quickly and would have played differently later in the tournament.
But it's just a whim," he warned.
Gogol hopes that the anger associated with Thursday's defeat can be turned into aggression in the bronze match.
"I hope we will show our true face at that time.
There is something to fight for.
We last won the ME medal in 2011," he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city and France is the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
In the group stage, they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, went to Apeldoorn for the first two group stage meetings, and moved to Ljubljana for the semi-final.
Nick Kyrgios: punishment harsh but suspended
The Australian tennis player received a 16-week ban and a $25,000 fine - in a six-month suspension - for reprehensible words, gestures and actions during the last ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour activists are losing patience with Kyrgios, but are still giving him a chance to improve.
A summary of the performances of the most uncouth professional tennis player in recent years looks threatening - 16 weeks break plus a substantial fine, but both penalties are suspended for half a year - a trial period in which a recalcitrant athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24 years old, but he has been robbing for a long time and has achieved a kind of tennis world record - he had to pay the highest single financial penalty in the history of the discipline for breaking the rules of conduct on and next to the court.
Loud curses, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike behavior, insulting the referee and spectators, breaking two rockets during a loss to Karen Khachanov - for all this after the August ATP Masters 1000 in Cincinnati paid 113 thousand dollars.
At the 2019 US Open, he also did not play long, but managed to publicly say that ATP activists "are corrupt", which hurt the organization's authorities so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and after a few weeks gave the aforementioned verdict to suspend starts and another fine.
However, his words about corruption were forgiven, after hearing the defendant and knowing the context of the statement.
In the justification, however, tennis activists stated that the investigation showed that Kyrgios' behaviour over the past 12 months in many cases raised serious objections and constituted an almost constant violation of the rules, that he constantly insulted people associated with tournaments and spectators in a vulgar way, hence the high penalty.
However, the ATP gave him five days to appeal and immediately postponed the execution of the sentence, ordering him to meet several conditions within the next six months: in ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour tournaments Kyrgios can no longer in any way violate the rules of the code of conduct applicable to professional tennis players, in particular he can no longer curse, destroy rackets, argue with judges and the public, or otherwise behave indecently and vulgarly.
He was also advised to seek "constant support" from mental coaches during tournaments and also consulted outside the season with people specialising in solving the problems of athletes not coping with proper behaviour.
Nick Kyrgios' first comment (on social media) on the verdict was: "Hey everyone, I can still play.
I just have to control my behaviour, that's all."
In practice, the Australian will still have at least a two-week break, as his shoulder injury worsened in the Laver Cup, so he had to resign from the upcoming starts in Beijing (30 September - 6 October) and Shanghai (6-13 October).
In the ATP rankings, Kyrgios is ranked 27th.
This year he won two tournaments - in Washington and Acapulco, he earned more than $1.3 million, so even after the fines he will stay a lot.
CSO: Poland is living better and better
According to the report on household budgets published by GUS on Friday, as many as 44% of them assessed their material situation as good or rather good.
A year earlier, this percentage was 37.2%, in 2016 33.5%, and before that - since 2009, when the statistical office first examined subjective assessments of the situation of households - it had never exceeded 30%.
A total of 8.1% of households considered their material situation to be bad or rather bad last year, compared to 11.2% a year earlier and more than 20% in 2009.
The best is the material situation of households of self-employed workers.
In this group, more than 70% of respondents consider it good or rather good.
At the other extreme are the households of pensioners, where the percentage of such responses was only 18%.
The subjective assessment of the material situation of households is also strongly influenced by the number of children.
The worst situation is for single parents raising their offspring, among whom 32% declare a good or rather good material situation.
Among couples with children, this percentage varies (depending on the number of children) from 55% to 60%, and among childless households it is 48.8%.
These statistics clearly show the effect of the 500 + programme.
Before it was launched (in 2016), the worst financial situation was assessed by single parents and large families (with at least three children).
Improving subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles is a reflection of the rapid growth of income, mainly from work.
However, this is not all, because the percentage of households that consider their situation to be good increases faster than real income.
Moreover, at the level of voivodships there is no clear relationship between the level of income and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best assessments are formulated by the inhabitants of the Opole voivodship, where 48.9% of the respondents consider their situation to be good or rather good.
Next are Lubuskie (47.7%), Śląskie (47.6%), Mazowieckie (47.3%) and Zachodniopomorskie (47.1%).
Whereas in Opole the disposable income (that is, after paying taxes and contributions) was less than 94% of the national average last year, and in Lubuskie 98%.
The inhabitants of Mazowiecki (120% of the national average) and Śląskie (104%) had the highest income.
On average in Poland, disposable income per person amounted to PLN 1,693 in 2018.
In real terms (after the correction on the impact of price changes) it increased by 4.3% compared to 2017.
Compared to previous years, this is quite low.
In 2016, per capita income increased by 7% and a year later by 6.3%.
Although income growth slows down, it also hampers spending growth.
Those per person amounted to PLN 1187 last year, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7%.
This is the first such case since 2013.
In 2017, spending per person increased by 1.9% in real terms and 4.3% in 2016.
Household budget surveys suggest that a statistical household currently spends 70.1% of its disposable income, while that share exceeded 80% in 2014 and exceeded 90% by 2006.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a transparent blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed show of the brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Unfortunately, her outfit was not successful.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is married to sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in activities for women, for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in public relations with companies such as PZU, Red Bull and Bayer.
As a journalist she worked for TVP1, TVN Style, Wizja Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book "Mama and dad are us", in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0 to 3 years.
She has been involved in a number of projects aimed at providing support for professionally active women.
Her actions include "Network of Entrepreneurial Women", "Lodge of Business Women", "Association of Congress of Women", and "Make Up Buisness".
Privately, she is married to Maciej Kurzajewski - TV presenter and sports journalist.
The couple has two sons, Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in a closed show of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe".
The event was also attended by Natasza Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech.
The intimate show could not take place without a wall where the stars boasted about their outfits.
Unfortunately, photojournalists caught the blatant mistake of Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman wore a white bra under a black shirt, which shone strongly through her.
US: Three suicides among carrier crew
Three sailors committed suicide on board the USS George H. W. Bush last week, the U.S. Navy said.
In the last two years a total of five crew members of this ship have been killed.
The previous suicide took place in July this year and earlier in November 2017.
According to CNN, all three sailors shot themselves last week.
Each incident occurred on land when the USS George H. W. Bush moored off the Virginia coast.
So far, the participation of third parties has been excluded.
In addition, deaths are not to be linked.
"It takes everyone to get involved in putting forward suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to stress that there is no stigma or other repercussions of seeking help," wrote Captain Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, on Facebook.
Niesiołowski critical of the pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Lekszycki, Stefan Niesiołowski emphasized that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"Actually, his every sentence was accepted."
There was later criticism of some of his actions.
"For me, the fact that John Paul II could not eliminate the harmful activity of Rydzyk puts a great shadow on his pontificate.
After all, this Redemptorist - a pest of the Church and Poland - was developing his media into the best during the life of the Polish Pope," he explained.
The former politician of the Civic Platform admitted: there were murmurs of discontent, the pope said something, once he did not accept Rydzyk but he had authority and for politicking he could simply throw him out of the Church or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to collect money for the poor there.
However, John Paul II did not do it, neither did his successors," explained Niesiołowski.
"Besides, there was this terrible matter of pedophilia and actions of the Church, and in fact their lack.
I ran a little forward thinking, but I wanted to draw attention to the whole of his life.
We have known about the scale of pedophilia in the Church since relatively recently.
The question arises how it is possible that John Paul II, being the head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting matters', says Niesiołowski in an interview with a journalist.
According to the former politician of the Civic Platform, the Polish Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
"We must admit that during the period of Solidarity the Church was our most important ally.
All ceremonies began with the Holy Mass, with crosses hanging everywhere.
Now these crosses are written, they have become a symbol of dictatorship - a sign of the written regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk are shaking the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing in this matter and that today the Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which he will pay dearly," argued Niesiołowski.
"I hope that pope Francis is chasing Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others of this type," he concluded.
HRUBIESZÓW: Tomorrow's celebration of the 590th anniversary of the county
There will be gala concerts and auctions.
The jubilee gala will be held in the Hrubieszów House of Culture.
The Holy Mass will begin at 10 a.m. in the Church of St. Nicholas.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30 am in HDK.
The Hrubieszów Land Song and Dance Ensemble will perform.
Young people from Stanisław Staszic High School will present a performance entitled "Hrubieszów County: Hence my family - here I live."
Then the medals "Meritorious for Hrubieszów County" will be awarded.
At 4 pm, the event will move to the city promenade, where concerts "Hrubieszów charitably for Angelika Zińkiewicz" will be held.
They will play disco polo bands - NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and evening star Mig.
There will be auctions, including feathers and porcelain of the Prime Minister.
The PZPN inflicts penalties for burglaries in stadiums.
Disqualified griffin
The clash within the Polish Cup between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk by a small hair did not end tragically, when fired by fans from Wejherowo turns by millimeters passed the goalkeeper of the opposing team, Zlatan Alomerović.
After this incident, the match was abandoned for 20 minutes.
The PZPN committee investigating this case imposed a severe penalty on Gryf, excluding him from future games.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020/2021 season.
Additionally, fans will not be allowed into their own stadium in the next match.
Nor will they be allowed to leave in groups for league matches until 31 December.
Burdy at Widzew Łódź stadium was also caused by fans of Śląsk Wrocław.
Here, however, the verdict of the PZPN was softer, because Silesia warned that similar events could occur and sensitized the relevant authorities in this matter.
Despite this, the services allowed for throwing rackets at the Łódź fans' sector, setting fire to chairs and pushing the hosts' sector.
This match was stopped for eight minutes and the intervening police had to use a water cannon.
PZPN punished Silesia with a one-time ban on the stadium in the next match in the Polish Cup and banned the organization of trips to matches in this and the next edition of the PP.
The ban on trips also covered league matches of the Ekstraklasa, but there will last until 31 December.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to replace the signage on the entire managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie began the implementation of the amendment to the regulation of the Ministry of Infrastructure on, among other things, saving the names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish.
For example, "Lviv" will appear next to "L'viv".
In our province, the changes will be introduced on 94 road signs set by the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it is supposed to be easier, clearer and simpler.
The new guidelines result from an amendment to the Regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety devices.
"We should remember that the names of towns in neighbouring countries often also have Polish sounds.
Thanks to the change in the law prepared by us, they will finally appear on the signposts at our roads.
The introduction of the new marking starts from the Podkarpackie section of the A4 motorway," informed Minister of Infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpacie, changes will be introduced on 94 road signs set at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
The total cost of investment?
PLN 200,000.
In the first place, the new marking will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is planned by 1 November 2019.
What is the implementation of the idea?
It will be done without replacing the boards, on the principle of pastes.
They will replace the existing names of towns with new ones, written in Polish on already existing signs.
Both names will be written in one line - first in Polish and then in the original, in parentheses.
This will make it much easier for people who do not know the spelling of the names of foreign cities in the language of the country where they are located.
Feel the game together with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announced Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One - the world's first headset for Xbox One powered by haptic technology.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and provides better control over the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in the development of advanced haptic technologies for a realistic touch-based experience.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and intelligent digital signal processing to generate high-resolution touch feedback in real time, giving you the ability to fully immerse yourself in any game on Xbox One.
The technology recognizes sound signals and transforms them into dynamic vibrations, so players can empathize with the game without having to install additional software.
By using the sense of touch, sound signals can accurately mimic the action in the game.
Razer HyperSense recreates events - from silent steps to powerful explosions, accurately capturing all the activities around the player.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One is designed to give all players an extra dimension of gameplay.
With HyperSense, we allow them to immerse themselves completely in their favorite titles," said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President for Razer peripherals.
Rotating earmuffs are equipped with cushions filled with foam with shape memory and a layer of cooling gel to reduce the heat generated during long use.
For even easier operation of the headphones, a quick mute button is placed on the retractable microphone, and the HyperSense intensity regulator and the balance slider between the game and chat are placed on the headphone housing.
The self-adapting headband provides a seamless and accurate fit.
In addition, the Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One features Xbox Wireless, which allows you to connect directly to your console without the need for a wireless transmitting and receiving device, allowing for easy and quick setup.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic for a more realistic sound.
Razer Nari Ultimate, originally intended for PCs, debuted on the market in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was priced at €219.99.
Someone shot a swan from a windbreaker
In a pond in Zameczno in Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan having problems with its wings.
After catching and visiting a veterinarian, it turned out that someone had arranged a target from the animal - a screw from a windmill was found in his body.
"Information about the injured bird was received from the villagers of the Wild Animal Rehabilitation Centre in Nowa Sól.
According to the report, the animal had broken wings.
We went to the place.
It was immediately apparent that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely not to do him harm and not to expose him to additional stress.
The swan was caught and taken to a veterinarian.
After the first X-ray photo, it was already known that someone made a shooting shield out of it.
There were shards of shrapnel in his body," says Marcin Walasek, president of Malpol, which manages the rehabilitation centre.
Overwinters in the centre
"The wounds were cleaned, the bird was given antibiotics, access to water was provided, a safe place in the centre where it will spend the whole winter.
We are trying to strengthen it.
For now, he is unable to fly.
Releasing him now would mean that he probably wouldn't survive the winter," adds Walasek.
The staff, after undergoing swan rehabilitation, intends to release him into the same pond in spring.
The authorities of the Żukowice commune, after receiving information about the cause of the animal's ill health, intend to inform the prosecution about the case.
The incident happened in Zameczno
Gowin: "we must stimulate Polish small trade"
"Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, it will be necessary to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education, leader of the Agreement Jarosław Gowin on Friday.
Gowin during an interview in 'Signals of the Day' on radio Jedynka stated that trade is controlled by international networks which impose such low margins on Polish producers that Polish companies cannot develop.
Considering that it is very difficult to fight this problem, the Deputy Prime Minister reminded that the government of the Law and Justice party tried to deal with it at the very beginning of the term of office, but got 'a counter-attack from the European Commission'.
"We won before the court of justice and I hope that if the United Right wins the next election and formulates a government, we will come back to this topic," he said.
He also noted that "effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish, that is, small trade."
"It will be necessary to consider whether the government, the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Gowin.
In May, an EU court found that the European Commission had made a mistake in finding that the Polish retail tax was an unauthorised public aid.
The Retail Sales Tax Act provided for the introduction of two trade tax rates: 0.8% on revenue between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4% on revenue above PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was due to apply from September 2016.
In September 2016 the European Commission initiated proceedings for violation of EU law by Poland.
Brussels then argued that the design of the tax could favour smaller shops, which could be considered public aid.
It then found that the tribute had been implemented in an unlawful manner.
It also issued an order to suspend the application of the tax until its analysis is completed by officials in Brussels.
Poland did not agree with this position, but the tax collection was suspended.
The EU court's decision in May opened the way for the tax to be reintroduced, but it did not end the case.
On 24 July, the Commission brought an appeal before the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the CJEU press service told PAP that the case is currently at a written stage in which both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
It is not yet known whether and when the oral procedure will start, that is, hearing the parties and a possible hearing.
It takes a good few to several months from filing an appeal to announce the verdict.
"This procedure takes an average of one year," the source told PAP at the Tribunal in Luxembourg.
How to dress a child for baptism?
We suggest some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of the infant and his parents.
It is often the first occasion on which the whole family gathers around the child, celebrating his appearance in the world together.
No wonder, then, that newly baked mum and dad want their child to look their best on this day.
However, before you make a final decision about your child's outfit, consider whether it will also be comfortable.
In shops you can find many costume sets that do not provide the toddler with proper comfort.
So what should you pay attention to?
The basic criterion for choosing clothes for baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, a few weeks old babies were baptized, dressed in white sets and put in the same becks or big cushions.
Today, children who receive the sacrament are often older: several months old, one year old and even bigger.
It is not difficult to guess that such a big consolation needs slightly different clothes for baptism.
Therefore, if your child is 3-4 months old on the day of baptism, he will probably spend the ceremony in a stroller or in the hands of his parents or godparents.
The best solution will therefore be to decorate it in comfortable, cotton sleeping bags or sets.
Although this piece of clothing is considered an everyday outfit, it is enough to look for its festive variants, for example with frill or lace.
For the boy, a body with a print of flies and braces will be perfect.
In the case of older children, you can afford more fantasy in clothing.
The little girl will look beautiful in a simple tulle dress
Many parents of girls look longingly towards richly decorated, frilly dresses for baptism complete with coats, bands and hats.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-breathable materials, in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In search of the right clothes, it will be better to look at the Asanti for Kids store, which offers elegant outfits on cotton lining.
Delicate, tulle skirts, satin dresses, laces, applications and charming sets will make your daughter look beautiful and feel comfortable.
The perfect outfit for a little gentleman: a cotton suit
Until recently, among parents of boys, there was a fashion for suits that were a copy of "adult" models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, stiff collars or couches often made young elegants loudly demonstrate their dissatisfaction.
Today, fortunately, they have been displaced by comfortable cotton sets.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for Kids, which are soft, sweatpants, and a blouse decorated at the front on the pattern of a vest.
These outfits look extremely festive, and at the same time do not restrict the movements of a toddler learning about the world.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published a property statement
Krystyna Pawłowicz made a property statement at the end of her term of office.
It shows that the MP of the Law and Justice party collected 110 thousand zlotys of savings.
Let's remind that Pawłowicz announced her departure from politics.
At the end of his term of office he has the amount of PLN 110 thousand.
According to the statement made by the MP, she collects a pension with a monthly value of PLN 4.7 thousand.
Pawłowicz has an apartment worth PLN 570,000 and a slightly smaller one, which he rents, charging PLN 880 per month.
The MP also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at PLN 150,000.
Earlier the property statement was also published by Jarosław Kaczyński.
Vote on the adjournment of the Conservative Party conference
British MPs voted against a three-day pause in the House of Commons for the Conservative Party's annual programme conference, as requested by the government.
289 MPs voted in favour, 306 against.
It is customary for the House of Commons not to meet during party conferences so that MPs do not have to resign from either participating in them or from parliamentary meetings.
However, opposition parties felt that, at such a crucial time as the last weeks before the UK's planned exit from the European Union on 31 October, Parliament should not interrupt its deliberations.
289 MPs voted in favour of the government's request for a break, 306 against.
Two opposition parties after the conventions
The lack of consent to the interruption may be seen as a political revenge of the opposition on Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday, the decision was declared illegal and non-existent by the Supreme Court) and for not wanting to apologise for it after the judges' ruling.
Following this ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday, and the most important event of the day was Johnson's speech and subsequent stormy debate.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding an early election.
"It's time to deliver Brexit.
It must be implemented in order to respect the outcome of the referendum.
Brexit must come so that we can deal with an agreement on citizens' priorities, on health care, on the cost of living.
Brexit needs to be delivered so that we can unite this country," Johnson said.
The Conservative Party conference is due to begin in Manchester next Sunday and run until Wednesday 2 October.
Conferences of the two main opposition groups - the Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats - have already taken place.
One of the justifications Johnson gave in explaining such a long suspension of parliament was the party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
"President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders," foreign media write.
The president's spokesman strongly denied these reports.
"It's just not true," Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
Israeli media, among the others, 'Haaretz' and 'Jerusalem Post', referring to 'Jewish Insider', write that Andrzej Duda, during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora in the consulate of the Polish Republic in New York, stated that Israel was to blame for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said that the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland was a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to the words of the Israeli foreign minister Israel Katz, who stated in February that "Poles will blow up anti-Semitism with mothers' milk."
Andrzej Duda said he regretted that Israel had not apologized for the humiliating statements of its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression against the Polish ambassador to Israel Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by an attacker who shouted: "Pole, Pole".
"The quote is not only inaccurate.
It's just not true," Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
He emphasized that Duda "never said that Israel was responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
According to Spychalski, the portal "invented it".
According to the interlocutors of "JI", during the meeting there was also a dispute between Holocaust survivor, awarded the Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland Edward Mosberg and Rabbi Shmuley Boteh.
Mosberg was to agree with the words of president Duda and say that it was Jews from Israel 'like Israel Kac' who were responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to sources, Boteach was to interrupt Mosberg's statement.
Who is Banas and what was he to blame?
The tenement house rented by the cellars led the journalist to discover negligence in Marian Banasia's property statements.
We sum up another scandal that has shaken the ruling camp.
Journalists of TVN 'Supervisor' revealed that Marian Banaś, the president of the Supreme Chamber of Control, has not entered a 400-meter tenement house, which is located in Kraków's Podgórze, into the property statement in recent years.
Moreover, his sub-tenant was to run a sex business in the mentioned tenement house (that is, rent rooms for hours).
In turn, the building itself has allegedly been a collateral for repayment of the loan since 2016.
Bertold Kittel pointed out the irregularities in the "Supervisor" program.
The journalist revealed that from Banasia the tenement house was rented by people associated with the criminal world to use it as a place of "erotic encounters".
The clients were men using the services of prostitutes.
Banas answered the allegations vaguely and vaguely.
Interestingly, the tenement rented by the cellars led the journalist to discover negligence in Banasia's property statements.
The house itself was described vaguely, and the income from renting it was to be underestimated.
"The property of Marian Banasia and his wife may be worth 6 to 8 million zlotys.
In total, spouses can boast of two houses, three apartments, savings [...]," writes Money.pl.
And according to the analysis of the portal, the Banasia tenement house itself was worth about PLN 3 million.
The Central Anti-Corruption Bureau is currently conducting an audit of Marian Banasia's property statements for the years 2015-2019.
Banas announced that he would suspend his activities at the Supreme Chamber of Control until its completion. "I will apply to the Marshal for free leave," he assured.
The opposition demands clarification.
"We do not hear that CBA has expanded its investigation or accelerated the examination of Marian Banasia's property statements.
That is why we are forced to exonerate the organs of the state and submit a notification about the possibility of committing a crime [...]," said Mariusz Witczak, PO-KO MP.
"If a normal Pole valued the rental of his properties so grossly low, he would already have 10 inspections, a tax charge and criminal-fiscal proceedings," he added.
He went high, fell low
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Chamber of Control.
He was appointed to the position on 30 August 2019, for a six-year term.
His candidacy was put forward by Law and Justice and approved by the party's politicians.
Previously, Banaś was associated with the Supreme Chamber of Control in the years 1992-2005, he worked in this institution as an associate of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first government of the Law and Justice party (2005-2008) Banas held the position of the President of the Customs Service and also the Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015 he has again sat on the stool of the head of the Customs Service, and since 2017 he has managed the National Tax Administration.
Banas served as Minister of Finance in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki for three months.
Cooler Master launches graphics card holder
Graphics cards can now weigh a lot, and this naturally makes room for product categories that would have been in vain to look for on store shelves a decade ago.
This solution - the holder for the ELV8 RGB graphics card - was presented by Cooler Master.
The new model of the graphics card holder is not only a functional solution that allows for more reliable maintenance of the graphics card without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-express slot.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task - decorative.
"Rzeczpospolita": Ignoring a police officer's order will be punished
According to the newspaper, neglecting a specific behaviour order issued by a police officer is to be a new kind of offence, threatened with a fine, arrest or restriction of freedom.
Police trade unionists want to make such a change.
The idea went to the Sejm Committee on Petitions.
"The case is serious, because now more than half a million misdemeanor cases go to Polish courts every year," we read.
"Rzeczpospolita" has established that the petition that the Independent Trade Union of Police Officers is writing to MPs on the amendment of the Code of Offences has a chance of success.
The authors of the petition propose a new wording of Article 54a of the Code of Offences.
It would read: "Whoever does not comply with the request or order of a public official, issued within the limits and on the basis of the provisions of the Act, is subject to arrest, fine or restriction of freedom."
"Paragraph 3 of this provision refers to an identical penalty for those who do not obey orders, make it impossible or difficult to perform a business activity," the daily reports.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told Rzeczpospolita that although he agrees with the main message of the proposal, he fears that if it is implemented, it can be used in matters of political manifestations.
"In situations of freedom demonstrations, this would be disadvantageous and, instead of mitigating the situation, would even exacerbate it," he adds.
Statistics provided by the newspaper show that 86% of citizens welcomed police interventions in 2018 and that 1.5 million interventions in the city are carried out each month by the services.
Buras worries about Europe
Jáchym Topol has writing in his blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators, writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important post-war Czech playwrights, today mentioned in a row with Václav Havel.
So, there was a curse of talent hanging over Jáchym from the beginning, which he is trying to use.
After eight years, he returned with "Sensitive Man".
The protagonists are Buras and Soňa together with their two sons, who do not form a typical Czech family.
They are wandering actors, traveling around Europe.
He's a Shakespeare lover and a thief, she's a one-eyed translator who doesn't part with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys from birth did not make a sound of himself, and for the other time stopped in infancy.
But it is not the heroes who are the most important in this story.
All of them are only a background for observing a world in which there is no place for artistic nomads.
It is a world of a clogged province, a society of old, suspicious people and promiscuous youth.
"Sensitive man" in places turns into an absurd theatre.
The narrative imitates didaskalia, and the conversations of the characters create this world.
The stage is a Europe full of fears about its future, but also constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancels 105 flights due to Thomas Cook bankruptcy
Although the British travel agency Thomas Cook has collapsed, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann operates.
However, the company has problems.
According to VRT, Brussels Airlines announced it would cancel 105 flights in October due to Thomas Cook's bankruptcy problems.
Neckermann also laid off 75 employees.
All trips with the office that have been booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but holidaymakers will be able to receive a refund.
The Ghent court also declared the bankruptcy of three Belgian daughter companies: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, around 12,000 Belgians are abroad on trips purchased from Thomas Cook.
Another 40,000 people were expected to leave the office by the end of the year.
On Monday, spokeswoman Thomas Cook Belgium Leen Segers said the company was now "fully operational" despite the declaration of bankruptcy by the British parent company, which caused concern among employees and customers.
At that time, the office reassured that customers who bought trips in it would go on holiday.
Thomas Cook - the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies in the world - declared bankruptcy on the night of Sunday to Monday.
The immediate cause of the bankruptcy was the collapse of last-chance talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
Creditors demanded that in addition to the £900 million rescue plan already agreed in August, the company gain an additional £200 million as collateral for the winter period, when travel agencies usually have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems have been growing for several years, resulting in a debt of up to £1.6 billion.
Michał Kubiak after the match against Slovenia (1-3).
"I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
It was us who played very poorly.
This tournament is not over for us yet," said Polish volleyball captain Michał Kubiak after losing to Slovenia 1-3 in the semi-finals of the European Championships.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for your opinion
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion - such an unusual offer prepared for newcomers German Görlitz.
The measures are intended to help combat the progressive decline in the city's population.
Görlitz is the easternmost city in Germany.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140,000 tourists every year.
However, according to The Guardian, the city is struggling with significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with a steady decline in population.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them left for the west of the country, which resulted in a 25% decline in the city's population.
In 2013 it amounted to 54,000 people.
In order to combat depopulation, officials came up with the idea to start offering free monthly accommodation in the city.
So far, 150 applications have been submitted to the programme.
Two thirds of them were made up of residents of large cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom were also interested in the programme.
"When we applied, we thought the program was meant to convince people to move to Görlitz," said one project participant.
"Now we feel it doesn't matter if we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has seven thousand vacant housing units, and unemployment is three times higher than the national average.
Although the city authorities hope that some will move permanently, the main goal of the program is to get feedback from the participants.
Information gathered from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revive smaller German cities.
"We want to know more about what people need, and if they decide to move - what their motivation was," said Robert Knippschild, responsible for the program.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents, offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals to live and work in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy, or in the American Tulsa, Oklahoma.
