Father Joseph Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He's a charismatic.
For his holy mass Crowds bring crowds for release and healing.
He was a dozen years old when things began to happen in his life.
Today, through a Franciscan, others are experiencing it.
On dismissed by o. Witko Holy Mass crowds bring crowds for release and healing
Once the parents of a 7-month-old child came to him, who had a 7,5 mm hole in his heart.
It was supposed to be operated.
Father Joseph Witko prayed for him.
On the same day the boy was taken to the hospital for surgery.
The amazed doctors said: ′′ No surgery is needed, the loss is just 1,5 mm ".
Parents were crying for happiness.
After another prayer, the Franciscan hole disappeared completely.
A priest of the extraordinary actions of the Creator began to experience as a teenager.
In his dreams, purgatory souls came to him asking for help.
I was woken up at night and sent to prayers for the dead and those who were dying at the moment - he remembers.
He also experienced the presence of evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what happens to a man who commits a mortal sin.
′′ My body started to change.
I lost my human qualities and started taking the look of an animal ", says.
Invisible force lifted him up, couldn't get his voice out.
He felt lost.
Then God pointed out his rescue.
′′ Immersed in the waters of a river symbolizing holy baptism, I was released and returned to human form...", says.
He hasn't told anyone about these weird experiences.
His vocation grew up in him.
He was 16 years old when he joined the Franciscan.
In sermons he wanted not only to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience Him alive.
Members of the charismatic wellness community in the Holy Spirit
Many people who are counting on getting rid of the illness are participating in the masses for healing by Father Witko.
However, the clergyman emphasizes that their main purpose is spiritual healing, not physical.
Kolping's first defeat FRAC Jarosław
Today (September 26th.) Afternoon, the Kolping FRAC team deserved to the current Polish Champion Dartom Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki as part of the 3. th round of LOTTO Table Tennis Superleague.
Jaroslawians in such a personal feed as they presented with Grodziszczanami, have little chance of winning against the league sovereigns.
Dartom Bogoria clearly showed it.
The team is still missing, calling for team leader Chen Jingqi.
Perhaps with him in the squad, Jarosławians would reach for the third in a row triumph in the new season.
Young Asian Qiyao Han probably hasn't grown up yet to win against dope like Greek Panagiotis Gionis and Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most perspective Poles - Mark Badowski.
Hellada player was the biggest duel star in MOSIR hall at ul. Sikorski in Jarosław.
Both Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei was a class for himself.
After three duels, Kolping FRAC led 2:1.
Kou Lei probably played Mark Badowski, and Daniel Górak after an exciting five hundred battle - Pavl Siruck.
After that, it was worse.
Gionis did not give Leia a chance.
You could still hope to win for two points, but Qiyao Han did not meet Badowski.
There will be no additional research for seniors.
Why? Why?
According to Rafał Trzaskowski's announcement, a free prevention program for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it did not gain approval from the Ministry of Health and the subject of the Agency for the Protection of Medical Technology and Tarification.
In the justification, the agency explained that the target group was wrong.
′′ These actions may even result in the detection of individual sickness units, which could contribute to deepening difficulties in accessing NHS benefits and negatively affect the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with the false positive result of the research ", written.
The decision of the resort is not understood by the president of the capital.
′′ Money is ours, we predicted the money.
Only the government is afraid that if people get tested, they will later see a doctor, which is absurd, because it is about leading to a situation where prevention can be done faster.
All specialists know this helps when it comes to burdening the health system because it helps to quickly detect diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here that I don't understand ", said Rafał Trzaskowski.
′′ It's hard for me to imagine that experts say: Let's not get tested, because there will be longer queues at the doctor, and if such specialists advise the government, I'm not surprised that the health service is like this ", added PO politician.
Palestine responds to Israel: We will break all agreements so far
Palestinian President Mahmud Abbas announced on Thursday at the UN General Assembly session that he will break all agreements concluded with Israel if the future government of this country tries to fulfill Benjamin Netanyahu's preview of the annexation of occupied Palestinian lands.
′′ If the future government of Israel, which will rise, will proceed with this plan, we will cancel all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made ", he announced.
′′ We will completely and completely reject the whole plan ", threatened with pressure Abbas.
′′ It is our duty to defend all our rights with all possible means - not important what the consequences will be - fully involved in the action for the application of international law and in the fight against terrorism ", said the president of the Palestinian Authority, who made similar declarations in July..
Netanyahu, former Israeli Prime Minister, after the 17 elections, was once again received a mission to form the government.
A week before the election, he announced that if he wins it, he would announce the annexation of the Jordan Valley and intends to include all Jewish settlements in Israel across the West Bank.
In the early 90. s, Israel and Palestinians led by Jaser Arafat then signed a number of peace agreements patroned by the United States.
84-year-old Abbas also promised during the UN General Assembly session to hold universal elections in Palestinian lands.
The last one took place in 2006
′′ After returning to the country, I will call local elections in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem, and all those who oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and international community ", said solemnly Palestinian president.
Abbas also defended Palestine's rights, treated as a permanent observer at the UN, to exercise the powers of ′′ full UN members and all its organs and institutions ".
Palestinian leader ended his speech with a call to the international community to ′′ force Israel to comply with all respect for the United Nations resolutions ".
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon briefly responded to Abbas's speech, stating that Palestinian leader ′′ prefers to focus at the UN on Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel than to fight against the Calls for Terrorism in Autonomy under his leadership ".
However, Danon, as the agencies are reporting, did not refer to the annexation of occupied Palestinian lands announced by Netanyahu.
Rescuers want defibrillators at the sensitive points of Przemyśl
A history from the border crossing shows that an automatic AED defibrillator can save a human life.
The Provincial Rescue Emergency Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be found in the sensitive points of the city.
For their attitude, officers received congratulations diplomas from the Regional Rescue Emergency Station in Przemyśl.
Applicant Daniel Cyrnek, senior applicant Grzegorz Bal and commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Carpathian Tax Customs Office in Przemyśl.
On August 28 they served at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medica. Customs and Tax Service officer noticed a man lying unconscious in the pedestrian zone.
Chinese activist died in custody of torture.
He wanted to exercise rights guaranteed by the constitution
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, called the Communist Party secretary from her hometown on 23 September to notify that husband has just died in Hengyang military hospital.
What was cause of death - he didn't reveal.
At Cao morgue she saw her husband's body slaughtered, unrecognizable.
′′ His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were covered in blood ", says the woman.
′′ They wouldn't let me bring my cell phone with me, and there were a lot of cops around who wouldn't let me get close to Wang ".
The police pressured them to sign a statement that the husband was sick and died of a ′′ unfortunate accident ".
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million funding will go to companies in the gaming industry that create innovative solutions.
The National Centre for Research and Development announced the results of the third edition of GameINN on Friday.
Almost 30 projects supported by NCBR included m. in. development of a platform for creating field games based on an AR game engine creating a real world map with an application that allows users to transmit data; test and training platform for verifying practical skills at the job position and professional improvement using VR and AI technology; innovative game simulating management real production processes using an innovative game model based on virtual world interaction with the real world using the 4.0 industry concept - reported in the NCBR communication sent on Friday PAP.
The goal of the GameINN sector programme is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish video game producer sector in the global market in perspective by 2023
According to NCBR, the Polish video game sector is growing at 10 % today. a year.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 was PLN 1,85 billion, and the forecast for 2019 is 2,23 billion.
′′ GameINN's specially prepared research agenda and already reaching PLN 300 million support for entrepreneurs under this sectoral programme constitute an important impulse for the further dynamic growth of Polish gamedev ", we read in the communication.
The video game industry is an excellent example of effective use of the potential we have in Poland.
′′ The government's incentives for innovation-driven entrepreneurs, such as R & D relief, competence improvement programmes, IP box, and NCBR support programs drive innovative activities of companies and allow them to compete more effectively on a very competitive market ", says Deputy Prime Minister, Science Minister and higher education Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the communication.
The head of the Science Centre points out that money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of funding for projects, but also stays in their pockets - from R & D relief in 2018 three quarters of more entrepreneurs than a year before.
′′ The deducted costs related to R & D activities was PLN 1,7 billion, which gave over PLN 300 million savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is the equivalent of the support provided by NCBR in three editions of GameINN ", emphasizes the Deputy Prime Minister.
NCBR Director Dr. Eng. Wojciech Kamieniecki would like to remind you that in the previous two competitions of funding worth over PLN 211,2 million were awarded to 78 innovative projects.
Huge interest in the third competition and the variety of applications submitted show that the video game industry has ideas and competences to continue to develop and increase its competitive advantages.
′′ It is especially happy that among selected projects - as in previous editions - there are projects concerning solutions that serve not only entertainment but also related to industry 4.0 % adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding of up to PLN 20 million.
NCBR received 87 applications for a total amount of funding ok. PLN 317 million.
The budget of the competition at the time of the announcement of the competition was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects were granted almost PLN 105 million funding.
Detailed information about the results of the third GameINN competition can be found on the ncbr website. gov. pl.
GameINN sectoral programme is implemented under the Intelligent Development Operational Programme.
NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to the initiative of entrepreneurs associated with the Polish Games Agreement, which includes m. in. companies like CD Project, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadig confessed to stealing Kasper Dolberg watch
The incident took place on September 16
Dolberg, who came from Ajax Amsterdam to Nice at the end of August, realized after training that his watch had disappeared from the locker room.
Not just any, because it's worth 70 thousand euros.
An angry Danish the next day didn't show up for class explaining his stomach problems.
The case was mysterious from the start.
Footballers in the locker room have private safes at their disposal and club area is being monitored.
According to AFP agency Diaby-Fadig finally confessed to theft.
A 18-year-old has already apologized to Dolberg and other teammates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised the Danish to return the money for the watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most prospective young generation footballers in France.
He went to Nice as a-year-old to make his debut for his first team three years later.
He played seven games this season.
He recently signed a professional contract, but, according to the newspaper ′′ L ' Equipe ′′ - the club will probably solve it immediately.
For now, he has initiated disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, refuses to comment on this matter.
Check if you wash your hands well
We all know they need to be washed (e.g. after coming home or before the meal).
But not everyone knows that in order to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it the right way.
It's important especially now that autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
Most of us wash them shorter!
Warm water and regular soap is enough - it's not true that it has to be antibacterial (many doctors are reborn).
When washing, we rub not only the bottom and top of our hands, but also: the ends of our fingers (connected or individually) - rub them with circular movements against the interior of the other hand, the space between your fingers (intertwined your hands, rubbing your fingers against yourself), thumbs - we embrace each thumb with the other hand and in such an embrace we turn it right and left for a moment.
In an emergency (when you can't wash your hands) we should wipe our hands with a wet tissue and then use antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from 5 PLN).
After using the public toilet, don't touch handles or doors with your hands (recommendation of the Chief Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them through a paper towel.
Iran President says he rejected the US call proposal Donald Trump denies
Tehran did not speak with the American side during the United Nations General Assembly in New York, despite the offer submitted by Americans to abolish sanctions - said Iran President Hasan Rowhani on Friday.
US President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side who asked to abolish restrictions, which he did not agree to.
According to Iran President Hasan Rowhani, the Americans have proposed abolishing all sanctions imposed on Tehran in exchange for negotiations on a new international agreement.
It would regulate both Iranian nuclear program and ballistic missile construction program.
Rowhani: Iran won't make maximum pressure calls
Iranian President stated that he didn't agree to take these discussions due to ′′ toxic atmosphere ".
He declared that he met with American diplomats because he was persuaded to France, Germany and the UK.
However, he stressed that Iran will not make talks in the atmosphere of ′′ maximum pressure ".
′′ And even if we want to negotiate with Americans in 5 + 1 format, no one can predict what the final result will be ", said Rowhani.
The day before, Iranian leader said that he does not rule out conversations with the USA, and the European parties to the nuclear agreement accused American sanctions against Iran.
He added that the sanctions imposed on Iran following the US's nuclear contract ' are a prerequisite that does not allow ' to start a dialogue.
If we manage to abolish this prerequisite and if America abolishes sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America - he declared.
He added that he does not rule out meeting with US President Donald Trump even though he did not agree to such a conversation last week during the UN General Assembly.
Trump: ′′ Iran asked, I said no ′′
Donald Trump Twitter said he rejected the Iranian page request.
′′ Iran wanted me to abolish sanctions imposed on them so that we could meet.
Of course I said no, the president of the United States tweeted.
Tension with atomic background agreement
France, Germany and the UK are trying to ease the tensions between Washington and Tehran to save the 2015 Iran contract they were signatories in some form.
It stated that in exchange for the abolition of economic sanctions Iran would waive the nuclear weapon construction programme and the nuclear sector would under control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the withdrawal of the US contract in May 2015, the remaining signatories have often confirmed that they want to maintain the agreement.
Nothing has come of it yet.
Washington is using maximum pressure tactics on Iran, and sanctions also include full Iranian oil embargo.
Tehran announced that if he does not receive a permit to export the raw material, he will limit his obligations under the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESZÓW: Cabaret near Wyrwigrosz
We have tickets for you!
Cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will perform on October 6th at 6 16 at the Hrubieszów House of Culture. in Hrubieszów.
Cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will present a program titled ′′ Tra ta ta ta ".
They will be m. in. talk about jumping drinks and Toruń geothermia.
Tickets are PLN 60, you can buy them at HDK, as well as on the website of ticketowakasa. pl.
We have free tickets for TZ readers.
How to get them, check our Facebook profile.
Judge of the voivodeship Administrative Court in Warsaw and husband of haters Emilia, who, according to her words and screenshots from WhatsApp, participated in stalking against judges, was restored to NSA ruling on Wednesday.
Reason: Disciplinary proceedings have not been opened against him, so there is no reason to maintain the order of WSA President Wojciech Mazur to dismiss him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a disciplinary spokesperson for the NSA, opened an investigation against Szmydt at the end of August, but it has not yet transformed into proceedings against him.
Although the NSA, who acts as a disciplinary court in such cases, has to take care of the decision of the WSA president within one month of its issue.
In this situation, a referee who publicly talked about his wife's mental problems to discredit her, who, due to suspicion of participation in the hater group, has been removed from the KRS office, will return to ruling and will give sentences on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his participation in the haters group.
He claims that there is no evidence but fake screenshots and words from his wife he divorces.
That's exactly what the other judges associated with ′′ Caste ′′ say, everyone is innocent, no evidence.
And it's quite possible that they'll get their way.
Because the prosecutor's office didn't lift a finger to secure evidence from their electronic media, she is also silent about the contents of Emilia Szmydt's phone, who stopped this phone in June for another matter.
The police did not lift a finger to secure the devices of people who judge Waldemar Żurek pointed out as persecutors in the February report.
No evidence - no problem Szmydt no problem ′′ Obsidian order ".
There is also no problem with the head of NIK Marian Banasia about renting a tenement house to pimps and hiding income.
CBA is checking his property statements.
And he'll check when he checks.
The Committee on Parliamentary Ethics will not take care of Banasiem, because the Sejm is suspended (but the Committee on State Control has somehow gathered to make a curiosal decision to cancel Deputy Banaś and appoint as acting his lawyer, although the law does not provide for such a strange combination).
The whole thing reminds me of a movie novel, American, probably, about how my wife comes home and finds her husband with her mistress in bed.
She's so amazed and devastated she can't say a word.
Standing in the door speechless, while the lover quickly jumps out of bed, dresses and goes out.
And the husband makes the bed.
When the wife regains her voice and shouts: what is this?
Who is this woman?
Husband calmly asks: what woman, darling?
Only in the case of ′′ Obsidian order ′′ or Banasia there is a parody of the state.
And that's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Signing with the auditor of the audit contract for the years 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The board of Maxipizza S.A. informs that on September 27, 2019, he signed a contract with Premium Audit Company with o.o. based in Poznań at 1/1 Czartoria Street, registered at KRS 0000540136 in the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register held by the Poznań District Court - Nowe Miasto i Wilda in Poznań, VIII Faculty of Economy of the National Court Register, listed on the list of entities entitled to audits of financial statements call 3992.
The subject of the contract is the audit of Maxipizza S.A.'s financial statements for the following financial years: a. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, c. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021
Kamila Lićwinko in the high jump final
Earlier this season's return to the competition after maternity break, bronze medalist of the 2017 World Championships, defeated 1,85 and 1,89 and 1,92. and 1,92. in the second 1,92.
1,94 didn't get it until her third approach.
′′ I'm glad.
I showed that I can fight because the first attempt was completely failed.
In the final I will have to jump better technically ", she admitted in front of the Eurosport Lićwinko camera.
American Vashti Cunningham and Belarusian Karyna Demidik turned out to be the best in the eliminations - after 1,94.
Both players were the only ones who didn't knock down any height.
Women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
Start at pm 19.30 pm Polish time.
Kornel Morawiecki is in a hospital in heavy condition
He went to the hospital and the doctors call his condition heavy.
It must be added that he is conscious and conscious.
′′ We believe that he will succeed, that he will win again.
We all pray that he gets better ", Kornel Morawiecki gave an anonymous close person in a conversation with journalists of ′′ Super Express ".
In the upcoming elections, the Prime Minister's father is running for the Senate.
′′ I am kept alive by the closest family and politician ", said Kornel Morawiecki in an interview he gave to journalists ′′ Super Express ".
In January, ′′ Super Express ′′ reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki went to the Military Hospital in Wrocław.
′′ I had strange disturbing symptoms and I checked myself into the hospital.
Turns out I have jaundice.
But the worst part was ahead of me.
When the CT was performed, it was found that I had pancreatic cancer...", said the Prime Minister's father.
A few days later, Kornel Morawiecki undergone a serious surgery at Ministry hospital in Warsaw.
As Morawiecki said, President Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain priest Zbigniew Kras to the hospital.
The surgery lasted about three hours and was successful.
′′ I know a lot of people have prayed for me for which I thank very much.
Fortunately, I don't have metastases.
I don't know if I'm going through chemo yet.
I turn myself in to specialists doctors who are rather good thoughts.
For now, after this heavy surgery, I need to get back to some sort of utility.
Hope everything will be ok ", Kornel Morawiecki marked in a conversation with ′′ SE ′′ in January.
′′ If I had undergone a test too late, the situation would be tragic and I would say goodbye to this padoł...", I added.
Cracow: A 14-year-old is missing
Officers from the Cracow City Police Department are looking for a 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone who has any information about the missing person please contact me.
Missing September 26 in the evening she left her place of residence and has not returned nor made contact with her loved ones.
She was last seen at ul. Old Gosciniec in Cracow.
Nel Stokłosa is 14 years old, 167 cm, blond hair and gray blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was wearing a sweatshirt, gray trousers and shoes.
Anyone who has any information about the missing person please contact the police on phone. 12 12 61-52-911 or 112, 997.
The power of oława jumping.
The title of relation from amateur sports competitions held on Sunday afternoon September 15 at the hippodrome at Oleandra Street in Oława, may be misleading for some.
For true power is far away, but that is what one of the types of horse competition is called...
The competition of jumping is about overcoming the rider and horse's ever higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed even two meters.
It is worth adding here that the long-term and still unbreakable world record, established in 1949, by Chilean Albert Larraguibel, on a horse ′′ Huaso ", is 247 cm.
Nobody jumped so high in Oława, of course, but the result of the best local amazons at 135 cm level is not the worst either...
The competition organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other JKS activists ′′ In the saddle ′′ was an exhibition part of the ′′ Rainbow Equestrian Competitions ′′ played there, which we write more about in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight amazons who train equestrian in Oława JKS joined the competition.
Four competed on ponies and four on big horses.
Nikola Szołdra, riding the crazy ′′ Sprinter ′′ was the best job in the first group.
This small but dynamic horse began with overcoming obstacles spread at a height of 40 cm, and ended up only at a stationary with a top beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not give up easily and only after three more refusals he was removed from further competition by the jury.
Second place in ponies jumping was Amelia Pawlak, riding ′′ Famy ", and third Lena Boruń on ′′ Harmider ".
The youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, galloping and jumping through obstacles on a small mare ′′ Carmen ".
Even greater emotions accompanied amazons and viewers during the competition with the participation of big horses.
Dangerous-looking falls were scored by Paulina Szewczyk, riding the ′′ Declaration ′′ and Anastasia Abramenko, who was riding the ′′ Lotto ".
Fortunately, apart from minor bruises, neither amazons nor horses, nothing bad happened, so they continued to participate.
Weronika Łuczkiewicz had a lot of problems introducing the young mare ′′ Wineta ′′ to the parkur.
It was needed either coach's assist or another horse to pair, followed by a little crazy ′′ Wineta ".
After passing the obstacles from the parkuru, she also slide full of smartness, so sometimes it was getting dangerous in the boxes and the relaxation room. ′′ Everything is under control!", Jan Sienkiewicz calmed down some scared viewers, especially the youngest ones.
Since the beginning of the big horse competition Marta Masalska has been doing a great job on the parkura, riding beautifully presenting ′′ Whisky ".
This dignified mare, paired with an experienced amazon, the second approach in the final phase was the first to jump 135 cm and it was the best result of the competition at this point.
After a while, however, Paulina Szewczyk also included the same height on the ′′ Declaration ", Weronika Łuczkiewicz on ′′ Winet ′′ and Anastasia Abramenko on ′′ Lotto ".
So all these players left together with the amazons on ponies in the tact of the Radecki March, together with the amazons on ponies in the tact of the Radecki march, completed an impressive round of honorary, ending this interesting and exciting competition.
Thanks
Riding Sports Club ′′ W Saddle ′′ thanks to the sponsors of the competition the power of jumping during the XVI ′′ Rainbow Equestrian Competitions ": the municipal office in Oława, the Water and Plumbing Facility in Oława, the county county and the company ′′ Mustang ".
Max Kolonko cuts off from KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko
KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko is the name of the electoral committee under which the political formation of Mariusz Max Kolonka was supposed to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution addressed its proposal especially to young voters with right-wing views.
Before the elections, Kolonko announced cooperation with Mark Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions took place, and the KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko himself could not even collect enough signatures to issue letters in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko has informed on Twitter that he has ended his cooperation with KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko.
′′ I will expect from w / w KWW to cross my name off.
I kindly ask you not to connect my person with w / w mentioned entity ", he added and announced that he will provide more information soon.
For now, it is unclear whether the journalist will continue his actions or whether the #R Revolution is the end of formation.
On July 4, on American Independence Day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko, announced that a new political formation was created - #R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko has been famous for running a Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
′′ We've had enough politicians, enough of your stupid games, enough of your amateur governments.
It's time for the authorities in the country to take over the nation and rule for the sake of the nation ", said Kolonko.
The party program included m. in. issues related to the judiciary (should be elected in universal elections), tax changes (equal tax-free amount for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid to the eastern flank countries of NATO, with particular attention to Poland), holding a referendum on gun possession, limiting the number of MPs or the introduction of single-mandate constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of the new political formation Mariusz Max Kolonko started talking to Mark Jakubiak.
At the end of July Kolonko posted on his social media profile suggesting that #R would join forces with Kukiz ' 15. movement.
However none of these coalitions finally happened.
UBS: Gold close to balance point
′′ The euro course will last in the coming months around the ceiling of PLN 4,35, which will be accompanied by poor economic activity on global markets ", promises Michael Bolliger from UBS Wealth Management.
′′ The expectations of maintaining a sound pace of economic growth and a stable monetary policy are in favour of stabilizing gold quotes on the current ceiling ", says a specialist in a conversation with Banker. pl.
In his opinion, despite the clear inflationary pressure, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to raise its feet in an environment where the vast majority of central banks relieve politics.
′′ While gold is properly valued - euro ratings should remain around the ceiling of PLN 4,35 in the coming months - Polish bonds are not attractive.
Much more favourable profitability than Polish papers offer bonds from emerging markets ", assesses Michael Bolliger, head of asset allocation to emerging markets accompanied by UBS Wealth Management.
According to a specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the global economic deterioration.
′′ Global slowdown may continue to deepen, but there should not be a severe recession, and at most GDP dynamics slightly below zero ", promises Michael Bolliger.
′′ Investors should undermine global actions that may harm the lack of prospects of resolving the trade conflict on the US-China line and other geopolitical risk factors, including Donald Trump and brexit impeachment procedure.
Europe should behave relatively lowest among the stock markets ", it is based on the latest investor letter by the head managing UBS Wealth Management Marek Haefele.
′′ Actions from euro area countries should behave worse than American, because they are more vulnerable in conditions of increased uncertainty around global trade and concerns about slowing down ", we read in the document.
According to Michael Bolliger, after hossa on the safest countries bond markets pushed the profitability of German 10-year-olds up to minus 0,74., it is still possible to deepen the decrease in profitability.
However, in the long term, the viability of long-term papers should no longer decrease, but only short-term, thanks to mitigating bank s' monetary policy.
The biggest foot reduction field has Fed, which should lead to weakening American currency in the horizon of the next years.
The long-term balance point for euro quotes is the pułap 1,29 ceiling, which would mean the 19 % potential of strengthening the single currency to the dollar.
We are expecting further reduction in Fed's feet, resulting in a decrease in global monetary policy differences.
′′ Keeping the dollar power in the long term may not allow deficits on the current and budget account ", says Michael Bolliger.
Bundeswehra loses guns.
Confidential report by German MON
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehra recorded the disappearance of 39 guns, 39 parts of guns and 445 19 ammunition - resulted in a confidential summary made at the defence resort of Germany.
The news was provided by the press belonging to the media group EdaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the parliamentary office of state secretary in MON Peter Tauber (CDU), two guns, one part of the gun and 3474 ammunition have been re-traced.
Among the military equipment that remains missing include six universal MG3 machine guns, 11 G3 automatic guns, four G36 automatic guns, six signal guns and two P8. guns.
Also missing 30 MG3 machine guns.
The Vice-President of the Left Party, Martin Renner, expressed concern about the situation.
As RND journalists told, the number of missing guns and ammunition is ′′ terrifying ".
All the more so that only a small part of the lost equipment was found as a result of investigations.
Martina Renner summed up the effects of these actions as a ′′ miserable balance sheet ".
She also criticized the fact that the summary does not show if there are also a weapon found during the investigation against lieutenant Bundeswehry Franco A. In December 2017, the federal prosecutor's office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a severe act of violence that threatened state security and violated the laws governing access to firearms.
An officer was accused of preparing assassination on leading German politicians for extremely right-wing and racist reasons.
His ′′ blacklist ′′ goals that fell into the hands of the prosecutor's office included m. in. then Justice Minister Heiko Maas from SPD, Claudia Roth from the Green Party and Anetta Kahane, human rights defender and founder of Amadeu Antonio Stiftung Foundation in Berlin.
Franco A. illegally possessed four firearms, over 1000 units of ammunition and over 50 explosives.
Crying babies on a plane.
How to avoid them?
There is a solution
Japan Airlines has recently used a function developed for people for whom traveling in the company of a crying child is a nightmare.
Through the website, lines allow you to check the schedule of seats on the plane.
If a given connection is travelled by a minor up to the age of, then ′′ child icon ′′ appears on a specific seat booked by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place far from the toddler occupied.
The BBC reports that the lines have already informed about the imperfections of this solution.
'Child icon' will not appear when the ticket was booked by a third party or if the plane changed at the last minute.
As expected, the idea divided internet users.
Some Twitter users indicate that traveling with crying children can be solved using noise reduction headphones.
These are kids, we used to be kids too.
′′ We need to learn tolerance, because soon we're going to need a map of mouth breathing, drooling or drunken seats ", wrote G Sundar user.
Another internet users noticed that he was once bothered by crying children on the plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent himself.
There is also no shortage of supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
′′ Thank you for warning me about shouting children on a 13-hour trip ", wrote Rahat Ahmed.
Majorca counts losses after the travel agency bankruptcy Thomas Cook
Over 25 k foreign tourists will not arrive on vacation to Mallorca in October as a result of bankruptcy by Thomas Cook travel agency announced on Monday.
As the representative of the Balearic Balear government announced on Friday, among 25 k. holiday people who will not be able to take advantage of October holidays in Mallorca are also people who were supposed to travel with companies indirectly associated with Thomas Cook, e.g. Neckermann company.
Pons explained 80 % expected holiday people who had to give up their rest in Mallorca due to the bankruptcy of the British company are German and Scandinavian countries next month.
However - as Pons claims - since Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the Balearic island during November-April, losses for the local economy will be less.
He revealed that the Balearic government has already opened negotiations with international operators on ′′ entry into the Mallorca market ′′ after the bankruptcy of a British operator.
According to the estimates of the Diario de Mallorca newspaper, more than 1000 people will lose their jobs due to the tourist crisis in Mallorca in October.
Around 800 are dismissed employees of Thomas Cook office in Palma.
Other people will lose their jobs mainly in the hotel sector.
On Monday, along with Thomas Cook's bankruptcy announcement in many hotels Majorca, the owners of the premises demanded guests to pay an additional accommodation fee.
This situation was experienced by m. in. dozens of tourists from Poland.
The Balearic government estimates that by Thursday dozens of hotels in Mallorca have stopped business at least until the end of October due to the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook and the companies working with him.
Friday's diary ′′ Diario de Ibiza ′′ shows that most of the Ibiza hotels that worked with the Thomas Cook group are not worn with the intention of closing the facilities in the coming weeks.
Newspaper reminded that on this Balearic island, British broke with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the autonomous Balearic authorities announced that they would ask the Spanish government to support the region with an amount of EUR 100 million to cover losses caused by Thomas Cook's announcement of bankruptcy.
They revealed that the most injured tourists in this archipelago, about 36 k. people are located in Mallorca.
According to the Balear government data, Thomas Cook is behind local tourist companies, mainly hotel operators, for the implementation of July-September 2019 agreements around 5 million euros.
Women's FIFA ranking.
Poland still in 29. th place, USA at the forefront
The Polish women's national team takes 29. rd place in the ranking of the International Federation (FIFA) published on Friday.
In the same position, the team of coach Milosz Stępiński was classified in the previous July summary.
Weak team matches.
How will it be in October?
The leaders remained American women who recently defended the title of world champions.
The second place in the ranking was kept by the German women and the third remained Dutch.
Polka Dots are preparing for ME qualifications.
They were supposed to start them off with the Czech Republic on September 3
The day before the meeting, it was postponed by one year due to food poisoning.
In this situation, Polka Dots will inaugurate qualifications with Spanish women on 12 November in Lublin.
Earlier, ′′ White and Red ′′ will play two social matches - on October 3, on a trip with Cyprus, and five days later in Kielce with Brazil.
The Polek rivals are the Spanish, Czech, Azerbaijan and Moldova national team.
Group winners and top three teams from second places will advance directly to the final tournament.
The remaining six teams from second positions will play in the barages for the last three passes to the European Championship.
The rate of 16 participants will be supplemented by the host - England.
The Polish men's national team in the September FIFA ranking fell from 20. to 22. th place.
′′ Rz ": Smog crushed the government
′′ The effects of the Clean Air ′′ program are slim, and coal furnaces will fire this winter as if nothing ever happened ", we read on the front page of today's ′′ Republic ".
′′ So far, 82 thousand have been submitted under the Clean Air program. applications for funding worth PLN 2 billion, of which 48 thousand the decisions were positive.
Accepted applications cover a total of over PLN 915 million ", says ′′ Rz ", referring to data from the spokesperson for the Minister of Environment.
As the newspaper points out, only part of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the program.
The results of the announced program are considered as ′′ modest ".
Kosma, quoted by ′′ Rz ", are looking for the failure of ′′ Clean Air ′′ m. in. in too much red tape.
′′ The program should be much simpler: electronic application, sending invoices by mail, possible random implementation check.
This would improve actions ", says Mayor Lidzbark Warmiński Jacek Wiśniowski.
Activists from the Polish Smog Alarm notice that less than 1 % were carried out in the first year of action. the goal of replacing 3 million fire boilers.
As ′′ Rz ′′ notes, although the budget of the program is PLN 103 billion for 10 years, i.e. PLN 10 billion per year, this amount is virtual.
′′ Only PLN 1,4 billion has been reserved in the budget of the National Fund for Environment and Water Management for this year ", we read.
Congress agrees to F-35 for Poland
Błaszczak: Now price negotiation
US Congress has agreed to sell Poland 32 state-of-the-art F-35. aircraft.
′′ This is one of the last steps before the contract, but not the end of our work ", wrote Mariusz Błaszczak on Twitter.
′′ We will negotiate hard to achieve the best price ", added the Polish minister.
Contract for Polish F-35
The Polish air force is eventually powered by 32 F-35 Lightning II fighters produced by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the US State Department agreed to sell them to Poland.
The Communication stresses that the investment will support national security and foreign policy of the United States by improving the security of the NATO ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to State Department information, Poland is supposed to pay zapłacić 6,5 billion for fighters.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department pointed out that the contract will also include the delivery of spare parts and repair equipment, training equipment, the execution of engineering, logistics and staff services, and related elements of logistics and program support and staff training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters
F-35 Lightning II fighter produced by Lockheed Martin is a one-seat and one-engine multi-task fighter of the fifth generation.
The plane is capable of carrying out a mission of close support, bombing and typical hunting air combat tasks.
Thanks to the use of stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable for short range radar.
Recently, F-35 fighters bought Belgium as part of a kontraktu 4,55 billion contract.
Belgian want to replace ageing F-16. with them
Other US allies including Finland, Switzerland and United Arab Emirates are to consider buying American combat planes.
Barbie vs stereotypes.
Gender dolls
Barbie producer has launched a series of gender neutral dolls on the market.
This is how he wants to fight stereotypes.
Barbie producer has launched a series of gender neutral dolls on the market
Next to Barbie of different skin colours, figure or hairstyle, Mattel introduced gender neutral dolls to sell.
Creatable World toys wear wigs.
Kids can therefore decide whether their Barbie should have short hair or long hair.
Their wardrobe consists of both pants and dresses.
In the blink of an eye, dolls can become boys and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
They also gave up highlighting the characteristic gender features - gender dolls no longer have full mouth, long eyelashes and a slim waist or - in Ken's case - wide arms.
The company believes that children don't like it when their dolls have sex standards imposed and some parents and feminists are convinced that toys made for a specific gender inhibit the ambition of girls and strengthen traditional stereotypes.
′′ New dolls will allow all children to feel free ", says Mattel.
Barbie doll, which appeared on the market in 1959 in a swimsuit and high heel shoes, has been repeatedly criticized in the past for promoting ′′ unhealthy feminine stereotypes ", such as unnatural body proportion.
The company reacted to criticism and has already launched dolls of different skin colors, as well as more rounded shapes.
Dolls also appeared in hijab
Zandberg: wheel or club together can have several MPs
Zandberg asked on radio ZET, how many candidates of his party can get to the Sejm from the lists of left-wing groups (KW SLD from which candidates for the SLD, Spring and Left start together with the common logo ′′ Left ′′), replied that it depends on the result of the committee.
′′ I believe that the result of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people have hope that the Left is not only right, but also has strength ", he said.
According to Zandberg, the left can have 60-80 MPs.
′′ This may mean that the wheel or club together will have several MPs.
But it depends on Polek and Poles.
I won't guess and say how it's going to happen ", he said.
Asked if the Left Together will have a separate wheel, Zandberg replied: ′′ We have an appointment that we are diverse, and we will not pretend that this diversity does not exist.
I think that this diversity was rewarded by Poles, because we showed that by different, we were able to deal with the joint program ".
Asked if the biggest beneficiary of a joint start is the leader of the SLD Włodzimierz Czarzasty, Zandberg replied that in his opinion the largest beneficiaries are the centro left and left-wing voters.
On the other hand, the SLD will get the entire subsidy, he said that ′′ the purpose of the political party is to represent its voters ".
Zandberg admitted that he will vote for himself in the elections to the Sejm.
In the event of elections to the Senate, he pointed out that he was wondering.
′′ The offer is diverse and there are candidates and candidates in this offer, whom my heart is closer to, but there are also those to whom my heart is further ", he said.
′′ On the other hand, I will be very honest and clear that if I was in Senate district 44, I would take an electoral certificate and vote in another district ", the politician would emphasize.
′′ I don't think I would be tempted to vote for Minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (candidate KO - PAP) ", added.
The leader of Polish citizens Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from PiS are starting in this district outside Ujazdowski.
Dakar: The largest mosque in West Africa opened
Tens of thousands of people from all over Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday for the inauguration of a huge mosque considered to be the largest in West Africa.
Muslims came by buses, cars and on foot to Bopp district, where a new mosque stood, which could accommodate 30 k. faithful.
The object was built by the Mouride fraternity belonging to the Sufice mainstream of Islam, which dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago in a wet area of six hectares, transferred by the government.
The name of the Massalikul Jinan mosque (′′ Path to Paradise ′′) comes from the title of the poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the th century founder of the fraternity, worshipped by followers as a saint.
The mosque is covered with Carrarian marble and has five minarets.
The highest one is 78 meters.
The mosque inside can hold 15 k. faithful and the second one can stay on the outside esplanade.
In richly finished interiors you can admire the gold-plated dome, giant chandeliers and hand-made decorations by Moroccan workers.
Builders say the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the building still has no comparison to mosques in other regions.
In Morocco, the Hassan II mosque in Casablanca can accommodate 105 k. faithful.
The construction of a mosque, which cost over 30 million euros, was financed by private donations.
The government, apart from the ground, gave lighting, sanitary equipment and financed road robots worth 10,5 million euros.
Coach Smyła: Our problem is not Silesia, it's ourselves
A streak of eight league matches without victory, Crown footballers will try to stop in Friday's meeting with the Deputy Leader of the Silesia League.
′′ Our problem is not Wrocław, it is ourselves, we have to work on what we play ", emphasised coach kielczan Mirosław Smyła.
Crown footballers have recorded the last and so far the only victory in the league in the first line, when they defeated the 1:0 Beniamine of the Raków Częstochowa competition on the trip.
Later, the kielczanie recorded two draws and six defeats, and on Tuesday they lost 0:1 to Zagłębie Lubin in the 1/32th Polish Cup finals.
′′ I am optimistic that footballers fought for a goal in the last seconds of the cup match, wanted to tie.
Their fall on the field after the last whistle was not due to a breakdown, but it was a fall of anger because they were so close ", said Smyła.
As he pointed out, Silesia has very strong wings, so the team will be allergic to playing in the side sectors of the field.
′′ We are aware of the opponent's quality, but we also look at what we want to play ", added coach.
In Friday's match in the Korona will definitely not play pause for excess yellow cards Ognjen Gnjatic, Jakub Żubrowskiego and Michael Gardawski will also lack injured in the frame.
On the other hand, it is uplifting to apply in a cup match several players willingly play.
′′ We have a headache, recently it seemed like he wasn't going to be there, and now it is ", said Smyła.
Defender of the Crown Daniel Dziwniel stressed that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the streak of eight league matches in a row without victory, while in the league everyone can win against anyone.
′′ We are a good team.
We may not be showing it on the pitch in recent weeks, but the moment will come that we will win and we believe it will be on Friday ", said the football player.
After nine queues of the league, the Crown with the achievements of five points takes 15. th position.
Silesia has gathered more at 12 and is in second place.
Friday's match in Kielce starts at pm. 20.30.
These trees could completely disappear from Europe
′′ 42 % species of trees consisting of Europe are at risk ", warns the International Union for Nature Conservation (IUCN) in the ′′ Red Book of European Trees ′′ published on Friday.
The top of the list includes m. in. chestnuts and jarzębina.
IUCN, an organization based in Gland, Switzerland, publishes a list of endangered European trees for the first time.
It was drawn up by specialists who came to the conclusion that of the 454 species of trees in Europe (as well as other places in the world) 42 % is ′′ high-endangered ".
Among the causes, the Red book lists the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, those trees and shrubs that occur only or mainly on our continent are most vulnerable.
When it comes to typical European state, according to IUCN specialists, 58 % are at risk. species and 15 percent, i.e. 66 species of trees and bushes are in danger of extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red book lists errors in operation of the state tree, accelerated urbanization, too intensive tree logging, and then forest fires and changes occurring in the European ecostystem.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of bushes, mosss and lichens is also in danger.
′′ The consequences of human activities lead to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a danger in Europe of extinction of important and underrated varieties that form the basis of European ecosystems and affect the health of our planet ", summed up Luc Bas report, which runs the European IUCN office.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I won't promise 600 +
′′ Today, PiS wants to bribe Poles by offering them free free on a loan that future generations will have to pay off ", says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview for ′′ Republic ".
In his opinion, ′′ the entire PiS policy is a pic ".
At the same time politician promises that ′′ what is given will not be taken away ".
Schetyna ensures in a conversation with Jacek Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat Law and Justice.
It's about mobilizing the electorate at the polls.
In his opinion, the opposition has greater potential in this area than Kaczyński's party.
′′ Today there are more people aware who want to live in a normal country than PiS supporters, a party that disbelieved themselves with preached values such as modesty, humility, transparency ", says Schetyna.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic Platform also marked the basic assumptions of the KO election program.
′′ First of all, nothing that is given will be taken away, but we need to set a direction for the future, because PiS only deals with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, as you can see from dramatically low investments ", he said.
Secondly, it's about ′′ activating the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work well - and those who are entrepreneurship ".
Schetyna explains that the KO program includes m. in. a project that will give the least earning Poles more by 614 PLN per hand and more earning - also a few hundred.
Politician also pointed out that he does not want to race for free.
Like he said, he will do as much as he can but he won't promise 600 +.
′′ I will never allow a Greek variant, where the rulers bid with the opposition for free, until the financial collapse of the country finally took place ", he emphasised.
Schetyna also stated in an interview for ′′ Rz ′′ that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
′′ We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda ", he said.
′′ Pride walks before the fall.
Kaczyński is a state husband as Banaś is crystal ", he added.
The PO leader also said that he has not yet decided whether he will apply for chairman of the Platform.
Argentina: Six dead condors
Six dead condors have been found in Santa Cruz province - TVN24 informs.
Specialists believe that human activities have contributed to their deaths.
Great condors were probably poisoned with a means of killing predators such as puma, foxes and wild dogs.
Animals could have eaten toxic carcass.
Apart from one young person, the rest of the dead condors were grown up.
′′ This is a huge loss for the environment, because the condor must reach 10-15 years to become fertile and capable of reproduction.
So we are losing a protected species, endangered species ", says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentinean environmental organization.
′′ I think the use of toxic bait and poison puts not only this species in danger, but all other life forms, including human health ", adds.
′′ Rz ": They want a gem for the president
Work on the head of state of a precious chain has started.
The idea was supported by Andrzej Duda's law office - we read in ′′ Republic ".
As the newspaper explains, it's about the golden chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insignium officially called the interwar gem of the Republic.
The last time it was probably used by President Ignacy Mościcki.
′′ Rz ′′ says that soon such a chain can hit the shoulders of Andrzej Duda.
The Senate Committee on Human Rights, The Rule of Law and Petition voted on Wednesday a request for work on the amendment of the Law on Order and Decorations to bring it back.
The journal says that this is also not the first attempt to restore this chain of state head.
The Senate has already proposed such an amendment, but it was lost in one vote.
This time the works are instant.
At the beginning of August, senators devoted a few minutes to this issue, considering they would consult the President's Office.
This one came in mid-September.
′′ I kindly inform you that the Office of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in this petition ", wrote the presidential minister Andrzej Dera.
On Wednesday, the Senate commission continued and once again spent little time.
′′ President's office briefly answered: he is in favor of bringing it back ", said the head of the commission Robert Mamątow from PiS, quoted by ′′ Rz ".
He submitted a proposal for legislative work, which the committee supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through the intersection
Police action will be carried out m. in. at al. intersection Ciepliński from al. Piłsudski.
Uniform actions are kind of related to recent complaints from the city authorities against drivers who are not always able to behave properly at the intersection.
On Friday, September 27, police officers start preventive actions ′′ Clear intersections ′′ in Rzeszów.
It's about eliminating traffic difficulties: entering the intersection without being able to convert, not complying with light signals or road signs.
′′ We often think that we are alone at the intersection, but in fact we make life difficult for other drivers ", said a few days ago Marek Ustrobiński, the vice president of the city.
His words came out at a city hall press conference, where the city authorities presented examples of inappropriate traffic at intersections, which resulted in traffic.
At that time, the president appealed to travellers for reason on the road and m. in. moving faster at the lights or not texting while driving.
The topic was sort of taken over by Rzeszów police officers, who are starting today ′′ Clear intersections ".
What is it?
The purpose of the action is to eliminate the phenomenon of limiting transparency at intersections by drivers entering them without being able to continue driving.
This is a frequent offense that contributes to increasing traffic difficulties and creating traffic.
A ticket of PLN 300 and 2 penalty points are threatened.
In addition, uniforms will pay attention to non-compliance with light signals or road signs and incorrect parking in the intersection area.
They will also observe the lack of driving, late moving from under the signals, free crossings and leaving too much distance between vehicles.
At which intersections will the activities be conducted?
M. M. in. on ul. Lisa-Ball from ul. Jagiellonian; al. Ciepliński from al. Piłsudskiego street Market market with al. Piłsudski; Śreniawitów Square from ul. Dąbrowski or ul. Hetman from al. Warsaw insurgents.
This type of action in the capital of Podkarpacie will be carried out next Fridays of October.
They checked the waste disposal company from ′′ Czajka ′′
′′ Officials of the Faculty of Environment of the Wołomin County and the District Construction Supervision Inspection Inspection checked on Friday the installation in the Zielonka commune, where waste from the sewage treatment plant ′′ Czajka ′′ in Warsaw is recycled ", informed the spokesperson for the Wołominski county, Karol Szyszko.
Inspectors from the Wołomin county carried out a check in a plant located in the forests belonging to the Zielonka commune.
The private 'Dar-Trans' Trade and Transport Facility, under a contract with the capital sewage treatment plant ′′ Czajka ′′ is performing post-waste management services.
′′ The installation was examined, and the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his activities ", said Szyszko.
He added that the post-control report will be submitted m. in. to the voivodeship Environment Inspectorate in Warsaw.
The last check in ′′ Dar-Trans ′′ was carried out by the Provincial Environment Inspectorate in Warsaw during the period 29 December 2015-February 11, 2016
It was then found that the company did not carry out samples, measurements and tests of groundwater, nor did it have the results of the tests of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the ′′ Czajka ′′ sewage treatment plant.
After the WIOś check, Dariusz Sobota was called to stop violating the conditions of the decision.
Dariusz Sobota's private Trade and Transport Facility is one of the companies receiving waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the ′′ Czajka ′′ treatment plant.
According to the decision to carry out waste disposal in the excavation area, waste weighing up to 60 000 tonnes per year in the forests near Zielonka.
Warsaw City Water and Plumbing Company reported last Thursday that STUOś was excluded from operation at the end of November and December 2018, which was related to the damage of one of the incineration plants.
According to MPWIK, the monthly export cost is PLN 1,7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs since 01.01.2019 until 31.08.2019).
Lech Walesa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
′′ You have undertaken a difficult task, you can count on my total support ", said Lech Walesa on Friday to Małgorzata Kidawy-Babice.
′′ Mr. President, these are very important words to me ", answered the candidate of the Civic Coalition for the Prime Minister, the leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
Former President stressed that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now ′′ just a retired fan ".
Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met with former President Lech Wałęsa on Friday at his office in Gdańsk European Solidarity Centre.
The son of Wałęsa - Jarosław took part in a short conversation behind closed doors.
′′ You took on a difficult task ", said after meeting Lech Walesa.
′′ You can count on my complete support ", he added.
′′ Problems before Poland are known to all of us.
That is why great hope that you as a woman will deal with these problems, and all of us - who love Poland - will support your actions maximum ", said the former president, addressing Kidawy-Babice.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked you for your support.
′′ Mr. President, these are very important words to me, because no one like you can talk about freedom, the constitution and knows how important it is ", she said.
′′ Let's show that you can do a different, wise policy, together, but according to the constitution, according to the law, according to respect for others.
This is how the Lord did his revolution, and that's how we want to change Poland ", Kidawa-Błońska highlighted.
A supporter retired
Walesa said in a conversation with journalists that he is now ′′ retired only ′′
′′ Obviously I'm looking into it.
I hope we can reverse events, that what was good, checked, (to that) we will return.
The tripartition of power is the most important, the constitution is the most important, the courts are necessary.
And it all needs to be cleaned, it all needs to be restored to normal operation and I believe that this time we will do it.
Because if not, then we're facing a street criterion ", said Lech Walesa.
′′ That is why it is so important that Poles go to the elections, think about it and make a decision on their own.
And that's the most important thing ", Kidawa-Błońska added.
′′ The last chance that we will improve the state of things that are in Poland ′′ with a card ", the former president replied to this.
′′ We need to rebuild the foundation ′′
She was asked about the most important changes that should take place in Poland, Kidawa-Błońska said: ′′ The President said very well.
We need to rebuild the foundation where we can do all the other things.
Since the tripartition of power does not exist, since the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and so everyone knows that otherwise Poland will not move a step forward ".
ME volleyball players: Slovenia - Poland 3:1 in semi-final.
In the hot terrain in Ljubljana, Polish volleyball players struggled with Slovenians in the semi-final of the European championships.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussion with the referees, with Pole coach Vital Heynen in the main role.
′′ White and Red ′′ lost 1:3 and will play for a bronze medal.
Senate has decided on key laws
The Senate adopted without amendment the Act on the reveal of the wealth of families of the most important officials and flights of the most important people in the country.
52 senators voted in favour of the amendment of the Act on the property of the families of state officials - without amendment, 14 were against, three abstained.
Thus, senators decided to reject the 12 amendments submitted during Wednesday's debate by Senator PO Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were supposed to ′′ civilize ′′ act and limit the extent of the information provided in the statement about the property situation of their own children, children of the spouse, children adapted to cases where children remain in a common household with the person obliged to make a declaration.
The Act on the transparency of the wealth of families of the most important state officials, whose project was created at the Prime Minister's office, was adopted by the Sejm on 11 September.
The regulations assume that m. in. prime ministers, ministers, MEPs, senators, governors: Constitutional Court, Supreme Administrative Court and Supreme Court, as well as those leading other state institutions will be obliged to include in the property declaration information about the personal property of spouses, children and persons remaining in a joint life.
The Senate also did not propose amendments to the Act on flights of the most important people in the country.
It regulates what flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government planes along with the most important people in the country.
The bill also specifies who is responsible for keeping the Central Flight Register.
55 senators voted in favour of the bill, 12 were against, four abstentions.
According to the bill, every president's flight will be a ′′ official mission ′′ flight.
Family members and other people invited by the president will be able to accompany the president's flights.
On the other hand, only the flight ′′ carried out in the official mission of the Prime Minister and Marshals of the Sejm and Senate will be carried out in order to carry out tasks directly related to the function ".
The bill also specifies the list of people who can accompany the most important people in the country during the flight.
According to the regulations on board the plane may include delegation members - invited MPs, senators, representatives of the public authorities and experts; persons providing technical, medical or organizational service; and journalists.
In accordance with the law, in the event of doubts related to the flights of the Marshals of the Sejm and Senate, the head of KPRM will apply for clarification.
If such doubts are not clarified within the time limit, the head of KPRM will be obliged to notify the head of the law office of the Sejm or Senate of the absence of such a flight.
New sport attorney
Waldemar Paluch appointed his representative for the Affairs physical culture, sport and tourism.
It became Artur Świątek, the longtime president of the University Club AZS PWSTE Jarosław, for the last 4 years director of the Rector's Office of Jarosławska University.
photo. Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek has recently been strongly involved in the basketball reactivation project in Jarosław.
Artur Świątek is not an anonymous character in Jarosław's sports environment.
Graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska since 2002 he is an instructor at the State Higher School of Technical and Economics in Jarosław, and has been president for 15 years
After their first training in Paris, the Poles are waiting for their last rival
Polish volleyball players had their first training in Paris on Friday, where they will play for a bronze medal on Saturday.
Vital Heynen's charge closed the Thursday defeat with Slovenians 1:3 in Ljubljana.
It was loud about their trouble traveling to this duel.
This time there was no such problems - on Friday morning they went to Paris together with Slovenians, and a few hours later they had a training in the famous Bercy hall.
According to the people present in class, the world champions manager was upset.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not just to exercise volleyball elements.
′′ We went to the hall, but in the vast majority it was team time.
It was about spending it together more than training.
Talk, think about how to rebuild it all as a team ", reported.
He confirmed that semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the training staff.
′′ We were brutally brought to earth.
Absolutely disappointed.
We still believed that we would return to this match.
We discussed this match between ourselves at the staff, the coach talked to the players a lot.
As two main causes of failure, I would point out ineffectiveness in the attack and much worse than usual dealing with situation balls.
Slovenians were much better in this respect than us ", analyzed.
In his opinion, ′′ White and Red ′′ was not stressed in the way of the performance against the popular and popular co-hosts of the tournament supported by a loud and large audience.
He admitted that world champions could have put down a bit smooth road to the semi-finals.
′′ Perhaps if we had a failure in a similar style in the group phase, we would have analyzed this lesson faster and later we would have played differently in the next phase of the tournament.
But it's just hypothetical ", he reserved.
Gogol hopes that the anger related to Thursday's defeat will be turned into aggression in a bronze match.
′′ I hope we will show our true colors then.
There's something to fight over.
Recently we won the ME medal in 2011 ", reminded.
Paris is the fifth city and France is the third country visited by Poles during this championship.
In the group phase they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, they went to Apeldoorn for the first two meetings of the group phase, and moved to Ljubljana for semi-final.
Nick Kyrgios: severe punishment but suspended
Australian tennis player received a 16-week ban on takeoff and a fine of 25 25 in six months suspension for reprehensible words, gestures and actions during the last ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour activists are losing patience with Kyrgios, but still giving him a chance to improve.
Summary of the crimes of the most uncouth professional tennis player in recent years looks dangerous-16 weeks break plus a large fine, but still both penalties are suspended for six months - a trial period during which a wayward athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24 years old, but has been struggling for a long time and has made a kind of tennis world record - he had to pay the highest single financial penalty in history for violating the rules of behavior on and next to the court.
Loud curse, strange gestures, unspeakable behavior, insulting judge and viewers, breaking two rockets during a lost match against Karen Khaczanow - all of this after August ATP Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati paid zapłacił 113
He didn't play long in the US Open 2019 either, but he was able to publicly say that ATP activists are ′′ corrupt ", which hurt the organization's authorities so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and after a few weeks gave this verdict about suspension of launch and another one fine.
He was forgiven, however, after hearing the blame and hearing the context of the statement.
In the justification, however, tennis activists stated that the investigation showed that Kyrgios's behaviour throughout the past 12 months in many cases raised serious reservations and was almost constant violation of the rules, that he constantly insulted people associated with tournaments and viewers, hence high punishment.
However, ATP gave him five days to appeal and immediately postponed the execution of the sentence, ordering several conditions to be fulfilled in the next six months: in the ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour Kyrgios can no longer violate the rules of the code of conduct of professional tennis players in any way in particular, he can no longer curse, destroy rockets, argue with judges and the audience, or any other way to act indecent and vulgar.
He also received a recommendation to seek ′′ continuous support ′′ from mental coaches during tournaments and also out of season consulting people specializing in solving the problems of athletes who can't handle proper behavior.
Nick Kyrgios's first comment (on social media) on the verdict was: ′′ Hey everyone, I can still play.
Just gotta control my behavior, that's all."
In practice, the Australian will take at least two weeks break anyway, as his shoulder injury got sharpened in Lavera Cup, so he had to give up his upcoming launches in Beijing (September 30-October 6) and Shanghai (October 6-13).
Kyrgios ranked 27. rd place.
He won two tournaments this year - in Washington and Acapulco, earned over 1,3 million dollars., so even after fines he has a lot left.
GUS: You live better and better in Poland
According to the report published on Friday by GUS on household budgets, it appears that as a good or rather good material situation, it assessed as much as 44 % in ub.r. of them.
The year before, this percentage was 37,2 % in 2016 33,5 % and before that, since 2009, when the statistical office first examined subjective assessments of the situation of households, it never exceeded 30 %
A total of 8,1 % considered bad or rather bad material situation in Ub.r. households compared to 11,2 % a year earlier and over 20 % in 2009
The best is the material situation of households of self-employed persons.
In this group, more than 70 % considered good or rather good. respondents.
At the second pole there are pensioners households, where the percentage of such answers was only 18 %
The subjective assessment of the material situation of households is also influenced by the number of children.
Parents raising offspring alone are the worst, of whom 32 % declare a good or rather good material situation.
Among couples with children, this percentage varies (depending on the number of children) between 55 % and 60 % among childless households.
These statistics clearly show the effect of the 500 % programme.
Before it started (2016) the worst material situation was judged by parents raising offspring and multi-families (with at least three children).
Improving subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles is a reflection of rapid increase in income, primarily from work.
That's not all, however, because the percentage of households that consider their situation good is increasing faster than real income.
Moreover, at the level of provinces there is no clear relationship between the level of income and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best grades are formulated by the inhabitants of the Opole voivodeship, where 48,9 % consider their situation good or rather good. tested.
The Lubuskie voivodships are still here (47,7 %).), Silesian (47,6 %).), Mazowiecki (47,3 %).) and West Pomeranian (47,1 %).).
Meanwhile in Opole, the income is available (i.e. after paying taxes and contributions) was less than 94 % in ub.r. the national average, and in Lubusz 98 %
The highest income was the inhabitants of Mazowiecki (120 %). national average) and Silesian (104 %).).
On average in Poland, the income per person was available in 2018 1693 PLN.
Real (after correction by price changes) increased by 4,3 % against 2017
Against the background of previous years, this result is quite low.
In 2016 income per person increased by 7 % and a year later by 6,3 %
Even though income growth is slowing down, it also inhibits expenditure growth.
These per person were PLN 1187, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0,7 %
This is the first such case since 2013
In 2017 expenses per person increased real by 1,9 % and in 2016 by 4,3 %
Household budget surveys suggest that the statistical household is currently spending 70,1 % its own income, while still in 2014 this share exceeded 80 % and until 2006 exceeded 90 %
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a transforming blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska showed up at a closed show of the brand ′′ Patrizia Pepe ".
Unfortunately, her stylization was not a successful one.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is the wife of sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in actions for women for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in the public relations industry with companies like PZU, Red Bull, and Bayer.
As a journalist, she worked at TVP1, TVN Style, Vision Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book ′′ Mom and Dad is us ", in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0 to 3 years old.
She was involved in many projects aimed at supporting active women.
The actions she manages include ′′ Women's Entrepreneurship Network ", ′′ The Business Women's Lodge ", ′′ Women's Congress Association ", or ′′ Make Up Buisness ".
Privately, she is the wife of Maciej Kurzajewski - a TV presenter and a sports journalist.
Marriage has two sons: Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in a closed show of Italian brand ′′ Patrizia Pepe ".
Natasza Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also went to the event.
An intimate show couldn't take place without a wall where the stars shared their stylizations.
Unfortunately, photojournalists captured Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska's blatant error.
A woman wore a white bra under a black shirt that was going through her hard.
USA: Three suicides among the aircraft carrier crew
Three sailors committed suicide on board USS George H. W. Bush last week - informed the American Navy.
Over the last two years, five crew members of this ship have been killed.
The previous suicide took place in July this year and the previous one in November 2017.
According to CNN, all three sailors shot themselves last week.
Every event happened on land when USS George H. W. Bush was mooring off the coast of Virginia.
Third party participation has been excluded so far.
In addition, deaths are not meant to be connected.
′′ It is necessary for everyone to get involved in presenting suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I would like to emphasize that there is no stigmatization or any other repercussions related to the search for help ", wrote on Facebook Captain Sean Bailey, the ship's commander.
Niesiołowski critically about the Pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In a conversation with Piotr Lekszycki Stefan Niesiołowski stressed that in 1981 John Paul II was a huge authority for opposition activists.
′′ In fact, every sentence he had was accepted ".
Then some of his actions appeared criticism.
′′ For me, the fact that John Paul II couldn't eliminate Rydzyk's harmful activities, lays down a big shadow on his pontificate.
After all, this redemptorist - a pest of the Church and Poland - developed his media into the best in the life of Pope Pole ", explained.
Former PO politician admitted: ′′ there were grunts of dissatisfaction, the pope said something, once Rydzyk did not accept, but he had power and could simply throw him out of the church or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to raise money for poor people there.
However, John Paul II did not do it, so did his successor ", explained Niesiołowski.
′′ In addition, this terrible issue of paedophilia and actions of the Church has come, actually the absence of them.
I ran a bit forward, but wanted to draw attention to his lifetime.
We've known about the scale of paedophilia in the Church since relatively recently.
The question arises, how is it possible that John Paul II, being head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting things ", says in a conversation with journalist Niesiołowski.
In the opinion of former PO politician, the Church is an ally of PiS.
′′ We have to admit that during the Solidarity period, the Church was our most important ally.
All celebrations started with the holy mass, crosses hung everywhere.
Now these crosses are PiS, they have become a symbol of dictatorship - a sign of the PiS regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Jakes shake the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing about it and that today the Church is an ally of PiS.
This is the black chapter of the Polish Church, which he will pay dearly for ", Niesiołowski convinced.
′′ I hope that Pope Francis will chase Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others like that ", summed up.
HRUBIESZW: Tomorrow we celebrate the 590th anniversary of the county
There will be gala concerts and auctions.
The anniversary gala will take place at the Hrubieszów House of Culture.
First at 10 at the church of pw st. st. Santa will begin the Holy Mass
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30 in HDK.
The band of songs and dance of the land of Hrubieszów will perform.
Youth from I LO im. Stanisław Staszica will present a spectacle entitled. ′′ Hrubieszów County: Hence my family - I live here ".
The medals ′′ Well deserved for the district of Hrubieszów ′′ will then be awarded.
At the hour. The 16th event will move to the city promenade, where concerts will take place ′′ Hrubieszów charity for Angelica Zińkiewicz ".
Disco polo bands - NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and Mig star will play.
There will be auctions, m. in. feathers and porcelain of the president of the Council of Ministers.
PZPN is punishing for brawls on stadiums.
Griffin disqualified
The clash as part of the Polish Cup between Griffin Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk almost ended tragically, when the goalkeeper of the opposite team, Zlatana Alomerovicia passed by the fans from Wejherowo.
After this incident, the match was stopped for 20 minutes.
The PZPN commission investigating this case punished Griffin, excluding him from future games.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020/2021. season.
In addition, the fans will not be allowed into their own stadium in the upcoming match.
They won't be able to leave in groups for league matches until December 31
Brawls at Widzewa Łódź stadium were also caused by the fans of Silesia Wrocław.
Here, however, the PZPN sentence was softer, because Silesia warned that similar events could occur and allergic to the relevant authorities in this matter.
Nevertheless, the services allowed the fans to throw flares, set fire to the chairs and push the host sector.
This match was interrupted for eight minutes and police intervening had to use a water cannon.
PZPN punished Silesia with a one-time stadium ban in the next match in the Polish Cup and banned from organizing trips to matches in this and the next edition of PP.
The ban on trips also included League matches, but it will last there until December 31
The names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to exchange markings throughout the managed road network by the end of 2020
GDDKIA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie, the amendment of the Ministry of Infrastructure's regulation on m has begun. in. writing foreign names of cities on road signs also in Polish.
For example: ′′ Lviv ′′ will appear next to ′′ L ' viv ".
In our region, changes will be made on 94 road signs set on the A4 highway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it's supposed to be easier, clearer and simpler.
The new guidelines result from the amendment of the Minister of Infrastructure's regulation on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety devices.
′′ We should remember that the names of the towns in neighbouring countries often also have a Polish sound.
Thanks to our change in law, they will finally appear on the signposts by our roads.
We start introducing a new marking with the Carpathian section of the A4 highway ", informed the Minister of Infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
Changes will be introduced on 94 road signs set on the A4 highway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total investment cost?
200 k PLN.
First of all, the new marking will be implemented on the A4 highway, which is planned by 1 November 2019
What is the realization of the idea supposed to look like?
Without replacing the plates, on the principle of stickers.
They will replace the currently functioning names of the towns with new, written in Polish on existing signs.
Both names will be written in one poem - firstly in Polish and then in the original, in brackets.
This will be a big facilitation for people who do not know the spelling of foreign cities in the language of the country where they are located.
Feel the game with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announced Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One - world's first headset for Xbox One powered by haptic technology.
HyperSense ensures immersion in games and provides better control over the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in developing advanced haptic technologies that provide realistic touch-based impressions.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and smart digital signal processing to generate high resolution touch feedback feedback, giving you the ability to fully dive in every Xbox One game.
Technology recognizes sound signals and transforms them into dynamic vibes, so players can get into the gameplay without having to install additional software.
By using the sense of touch, sound signals can accurately imitate actions in the game.
Razer HyperSense recreates events - from silent steps to powerful explosions, giving precisely all activities surrounded by the player.
′′ Nari Ultimate for Xbox One was designed to provide all players with an additional dimension of the gameplay.
Thanks to HyperSense we allow them to completely dip in their favourite titles ′′ said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President Razer peripheral devices.
Rotary earmuffs are equipped with pillows filled with foam with shape memory and a layer of cooling gel, in order to reduce the heat generated during long use.
For even easier headphone service, a quick mute button has been placed on the retractable microphone, and on the headphone housing HyperSense intensity regulator and balance zipper between game and chat.
Self-adapting to the shape of the headband ensures easy and accurate matching.
In addition, Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One has an Xbox Wireless feature, which allows you to directly connect to the console without the need to use wireless transmission and reception device, allowing you to easily and quickly configure.
Headphones also support Windows Sonic, providing more realistic sound.
Razer Nari Ultimate, originally dedicated to PC computers, debuted on the market in September 2018
Thanks to Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set has been valued at 219,99 euros.
Someone shot a swan with a windbreaker
In the pond in Zameczno, Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan having problems with wings.
After catching and visiting the vet, it turned out that someone had a target from the animal - a windbreaker buckshot was found in his body.
′′ Information about an early bird was received from residents of the village Wild Animal Rehabilitation Centre in Nowa Salt.
The report showed that the animal had broken wings.
We went to the spot.
You could tell that there was something very wrong with him.
We acted fast and precisely to prevent him from hurting him and putting him under additional stress.
Swan was caught and taken to the vet.
After the first X-ray photo, it was already known that someone had made a shooting shield out of it.
There were shards of buckshot in his body ", says Marcin Walasek, president of Malpol company managing m. in. rehabilitation center.
Winter in the resort
′′ The wounds have been cleaned, the bird has been given antibiotics, access to water, a safe place in the resort where it will spend the whole winter.
We're trying to strengthen it.
He can't fly yet.
Releasing him now would involve most likely he wouldn't survive the winter ", Walasek adds.
After rehabilitation, staff intend to release him into the same pond in the spring.
The authorities of the Żukowice commune intend to inform the prosecutor's office after receiving information about the cause of poor health.
The incident took place in Zameczno
Gowin: ′′ we need to stimulate Polish, small trade ′′
′′ Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, it will have to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade ", said on Friday Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education, leader of the Agreement Jarosław Gowin.
During a conversation in ′′ Signals of the day ′′ on Radio One, Gowin stated that trade is mastered by international networks that impose such low margins on Polish manufacturers that actually Polish companies cannot grow.
Note that this problem is very difficult to fight, the Deputy Prime Minister reminded that the PiS government tried to face it at the very beginning of the term of office, but it got a ′′ counter from the EC ".
′′ We won before the tribunal of justice and I hope that if the United Right wins the upcoming elections and formulates the government, we will return to this topic ", he said.
At the same time, he pointed out that ′′ effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish, so small trade ".
′′ This will have to be thought about whether the government has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade ", said Gowin.
In May, the EU court considered that the European Commission made a mistake considering that the Polish retail tax was illegal public aid.
Retail tax bill assumed the introduction of two rates of trade tax: 0,8 % from income between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1,4 % from income over PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was to apply from September 2016
The ke opened proceedings for violations of EU law in September 2016
Brussels argued then that the construction of the tax could favour smaller shops, which could be considered as public aid.
She subsequently claimed that the tribute was implemented illegally.
She also issued an order to suspend the application of the tax pending its analysis by officials in Brussels.
Poland did not agree with this position, but the tax collection was suspended.
The May decision of the EU court opened the way to reintroduce the tax but did not finish the case.
On 24 July the Commission submitted an appeal to the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the cjeu press services reported to PAP that the case is currently in writing, in which both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
For now, it is unclear if or when the oral procedure will start, i.e. hearing the parties and possible hearing.
It takes a good few to a dozen months from appealing to the sentence.
′′ Such proceedings last on average a year ", said PAP source at the Luxembourg Court.
How to dress a child for baptism?
We are giving you some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of an infant and his parents.
Often is the first opportunity the whole family focuses around the child, celebrating his appearance in the world.
So no wonder the freshly baked mom and dad want their comfort to look the best on this day.
However, before you make the final decision about the child's outfit, think about whether it will also be comfortable.
In stores you can find many outfits that do not provide the baby with proper comfort.
So what should you pay attention to?
The basic criterion for choosing baptism clothes is the age of the child
Until recently, several weeks old little ones were baptized, decorated in white sets and put in the same beciks or big pillows.
Today children joining the sacrament are often older: several months, one year old and even bigger.
It's not hard to guess that such a big consolation needs a slightly different baptism clothes.
So if your child is 3-4 months old on baptism day, he will probably spend the ceremony in a wheelchair or on the hands of his parents or godparents.
The best option is to dress it up with comfortable cotton sleepyheads or sets.
Although this element of the wardrobe is considered a daily outfit, just search for its festive variants, for example with frill or lace.
A body with a bow tie and harness print will be perfect for a boy.
For older children, you can afford a bigger fantasy in clothes.
The girl will look pretty in a simple tulle dress
Many parents of girls looking forward to richly decorated, frill dresses for baptism included with coats, bands and hats.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers for their manufacture uses artificial, non-breathable materials in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In search of the right outfit, it would be better to take a look at the Asanti for Kids store, which offers elegant outfits on cotton lining.
Delicate tulle skirts, satin dresses, laces, apps and cute sets will make your daughter look beautiful and comfortable.
Perfect outfit for a little gentleman: cotton suit
Until recently, among the boys's parents there was a fashion for suits that were a copy of ′′ adult ′′ models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, rigid collar or capquettes often made young elegant people loudly demonstrate their dissatisfaction.
Fortunately, today they were denied by comfortable cotton sets.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for Kids, i.e. soft, sweatpants, and a blouse decorated at the front like a vest.
These outfits look extremely festive and at the same time don't embarrass the movements of a toddler's world.
Krystyna Pawłowicz has published a property statement
Krystyna Pawłowicz made a statement at the end of office.
It follows that PiS MP gathered 110 k. PLN savings.
Let us remind you that Pawłowicz announced her departure from politics.
At the end of office, he has 110 k. PLN
According to the statement made by the MP, she collects a monthly pension worth 4,7 k. PLN.
Pawłowicz has an apartment worth 570 k. PLN and slightly smaller ones, which I rent, collecting PLN 880 per month.
The MP also invests in industrial metal, valuing the investment at 150 k. PLN.
Jarosław Kaczyński also published the property statement earlier.
Voting on interruption during the Conservative Party conference
British parliamentarians voted against a three-day break in the Chamber of Commons during the annual Conservative Party program conference, as requested by the government.
289 MPs voted against-306.
The Chamber of Commons does not normally meet during party conferences so that MPs do not have to give up either from participation in them or from parliament meetings.
However, the opposition parties considered that at such a crucial time as the last weeks before the UK departure from the European Union planned on 31 October, Parliament should not interrupt the deliberations.
The government's request for a break was 289 MPs, against 306.
Two opposition parties after conventions
The disagreement for a break can be considered as political revenge of the opposition at Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday the decision was considered illegal and unlawful by the Supreme Court) and for the fact that after judges ruled not wants to apologize for her.
After this ruling, the House of Commons resumed the session on Wednesday, and the most important event of the day was Johnson's speech and the following stormy debate.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking brexit and avoiding early elections.
′′ It's time to realize the brexit.
It needs to be completed to respect the result of the referendum.
Brexit needs to come in so we can deal with the agreement on citizen s' priorities, health care, the cost of living.
Brexit needs to be realised so we can unite this country ", said Johnson.
Conservative Party Conference is to start in Manchester this Sunday and will last until Wednesday October 2
Conferences of two main opposition groups - Labour Party and Liberal Democrats - have already been held.
One of the reasons Johnson gave explaining such a long suspension of parliament was party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
′′ President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders ", foreign media writes.
President's spokesperson definitely denied these reports.
′′ That's just not true ", Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
Israeli media, m. in. ′′ Haaretz ′′ and ′′ Jerusalem Post ", referring to ′′ Jewish Insider ", they say that Andrzej Duda, during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora at the consulate of Poland in New York declared that Israel is responsible for recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said that the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland is a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to Israel's Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who stated in February that ′′ Poles sucked anti-Semitism with mother milk ".
Andrzej Duda said that he regretted that Israel did not apologize for the humiliating speeches of its politicians.
He also mentioned an act of aggression against the Polish ambassador to Israel Marek Magierowski.
In May he was attacked by a striker who shouted: ′′ Pole, Pole ".
′′ The quote is not only inaccurate.
That's just not true ", Błażej Spychalski Twitter.
He stressed that Duda ′′ never said that Israel was responsible for recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland ".
According to Spychalski, the portal ′′ invented it ".
According to the speakers of ′′ JI ′′ there was also a dispute between the Holocaust survivor, awarded the Commander Cross of the Order of Merit of Poland Edward Mosberg and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg was supposed to agree with President Duda's words and say that it was Jews from Israel ′′ such as Israel Kac ′′ who are responsible for the increase in anti-Semitism.
According to the sources of Boteach portal, he was supposed to interrupt Mosberg's statement.
Who is Banaś and what did he do?
A tenement house rented by pimp led a journalist to discover negligence in Mariana Banasia's property statements.
We summarize another scandal that shook the ruling camp.
TVN's ′′ Superwizjera ′′ journalists revealed that Marian Banaś, president of the Supreme Chamber of Control, has not included a 400-meter tenement house in recent years, which is located in Krakow's Podgórze.
Moreover, his sub tenant was supposed to drive sex business in this tenement house (so rent rooms per hour).
The building itself has allegedly been since 2016 securing the repayment of the loan.
Bertold Kittel's attention was drawn to irregularities in the ′′ Superwizjer ′′ program.
A journalist revealed that from Banasia the tenement house was rented by people associated with the criminal world to use it as a place of ′′ erotic meetings ".
Customers were supposed to be men using prostitutes.
Banaś responded to the accusations vaguely and cloudy.
Interestingly, the tenement house rented by pimp led a journalist to discover negligence in Banasia's property statements.
The tenement house itself was vaguely described and the income from its rental was to be lowered.
′′ The assets of Marian Banasia and his wife can be worth between PLN 6 and PLN 8 million.
In total, spouses can boast of two houses, three apartments, savings [...]", writes Money. pl.
And according to the analysis of the portal, the Banaś tenement house itself was worth around PLN 3 million.
The Central Anti-Corruption Office is currently conducting a check on Mariana Bonasia's property statements for the years 2015-2019.
Banaś announced that he will suspend his business in NIK until its completion. ′′ I will apply to the marshal for free leave ", he provided.
The opposition demands an explanation.
′′ We don't hear the CBA expanding its investigation or accelerating the examination of Marian Banasia's property statements.
That is why we are forced to do state authorities and submit a notification of the possibility of a crime [...]",-said MP PO-KO Mariusz Witczak.
′′ If a normal Pole valued renting his properties so low, he would already have 10 checks, tax and criminal and tax proceedings ", he added.
He went high, fell low
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Chamber of Control.
He was appointed for this post on 30 August 2019, for a 6-year term.
His candidacy was submitted by Law and Justice and the votes of the politicians of this party.
Earlier Banaś was associated with the NIK in the 1992-2005. s, he acted in this institution as a co-worker of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first government of PiS (2005-2008) Banaś held the position of President of the Customs Service, and also undersecretary of state at the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015 he sat again on the seat of the head of Customs Service and since 2017 managed the National Treasury Administration.
Banaś served as Minister of Finance for 3 months in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki.
Cooler Master introduces a graphic card holder on the market
Graphics cards can weigh a lot right now, and this naturally makes room for product categories that would have been vain looking for on the store shelves a decade ago.
This is the solution - ELV8 RGB Graphics Card Handle - presented by Cooler Master.
The new model of the graphics card holder is not only a functional solution that allows you to maintain your graphics card more confident without relying exclusively on the durability of PCI-express slot.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task - decorative.
′′ Republic ": Ignoring a policeman's recommendation will be punishable
According to the newspaper, the disregard of the order for specific behavior issued by a policeman is to be a new type of offense, endangered by fine, arrest or limitation of freedom.
This is the kind of change the police unionists want.
The idea went to the Sejm Committee on Petitions.
′′ This is serious, because more than half a million offenses go to Polish courts every year ", we read.
′′ Republic ′′ has determined that a petition, which the Independent Trade Union of Police officers writes to MPs regarding the amendment of the code of offenses, has a chance to succeed.
The authors of the petition propose a new wording of Article. 54 a code of offenses.
It would be: ′′ Who does not comply with the demand or recommendation of a public officer issued within the limits and under the laws of the law is punishable by jail, fine or limitation of freedom ".
′′ Couples. 3 of this recipe talks about identical punishment for those who, without following orders, prevent or impede the execution of a business activity ", says the journal.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski said ′′ Republic ", that although he agrees with the main message of the recipe proposal, he is afraid that if implemented, he may be used in political issues of manifestation.
′′ In situations of freedom demonstrations, this would be unfavourable and instead of mitigating the situation, they would even sharpen it ", adds.
According to the statistics provided by the newspaper, 86 % citizens positively evaluated police intervention in 2018 and that each month the services undertake 1,5 million interventions in the city.
Buras is worried about Europe
Jáchym Topol writing is in his blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators, writers.
Father Josef Topol was one of the most important post-war Czech playwright today exchanged in one row with Václavem Havel.
There was a curse of talent over Jáchymem from the start, which he is trying to use.
After eight years he came back with ′′ Sensitive Man ".
The heroes are Buras and Soňa along with two sons, who do not form a typical Czech family.
They are migratory actors, travelling through Europe.
He's a Shakespeare lover and a thief, she's a one-eyed translator who doesn't break up with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys hasn't made a sound since birth, and for the other time has stopped in infant times.
But it's not the heroes that are the most important in this story.
Everyone is just a background to observe a world where there is no room for artistic nomads anymore.
It's a world of flea province, a society of old, suspicious people and promiscuous youth.
′′ Sensitive man ′′ turns places into an absurd theater.
The narrative imitates didascalia, and the conversations of heroes create this world.
The stage is Europe full of concerns about its future, but also constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines canceled 105 flights due to bankruptcy Thomas Cook
Although the British travel agency Thomas Cook has fallen, his Belgian branch of Neckermann is functioning.
The company has problems though.
According to VRT TV, Brussels Airlines announced that they will cancel 105 flights in October due to problems associated with Thomas Cook bankruptcy.
Neckermann also fired 75 employees.
All trips with the office that have been booked in Belgium will be canceled, but the holidaymen will be able to receive a refund.
The court in Ghent also declared the bankruptcy of three Belgian daughter companies Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently ok. 12 k Belgian is abroad on trips purchased at Thomas Cook.
Another 40 k people were supposed to leave with the office by the end of the year.
On Monday, spokesperson Thomas Cook Belgium Leen Segers said that the company is currently ' fully operational ' despite the announcement of bankruptcy by the British company's mother that caused concern among employees and clients.
The office calmed down then that the customers who bought the trips would go on vacation.
Thomas Cook - the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies in the world - declared bankruptcy from Sunday to Monday night.
The direct cause of bankruptcy was the breakdown of last chance conversations with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
Creditors demanded that, in addition to the £ 900 million rescue plan already agreed in August, the company would get an additional £ 200 million as a collateral for the winter period, when travel agencies usually have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems have been growing for several years, resulting in a debt of £ 1,6 billion.
Michał Kubiak after the match against Slovenia (1:3).
′′ I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
We played very poorly.
This tournament is not over for us yet ", said the captain of the Polish volleyball team Michał Kubiak after defeating Slovenia 1:3 in the semi-final of the European Championship.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for feedback
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion - such an extraordinary offer was prepared by German Görlitz for visitors.
Actions are intended to help fight the progressive decrease in the number of residents of the city.
Görlitz is the eastmost town of Germany.
Beautiful pastel town attracts 140 k per year. tourists.
However, as ′′ The Guardian ′′ writes, the city struggles with significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with a permanent loss of residents.
Following the collapse of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them went west of the country, which translated into a decrease in the population of the city by 25
In 2013 it was 54 thousand people.
In order to fight depopulation, officials came up with an idea to start offering free monthly accommodation in the city.
150 applications have been received so far.
Two thirds of them were submitted by the residents of the big cities.
People from Hungary, Czech Republic, United States and UK were also interested in the program.
′′ When we applied, we thought the program was supposed to convince people to move to Görlitz ", said one of the participants of the project.
′′ Now we feel that it doesn't matter if we stay here after four weeks or not ", he added.
The city has seven thousand apartments available and unemployment is three times higher than the average country wide.
Although the city authorities hope that some people will move permanently, the main goal of the programme is to obtain the opinion of the participants in the programme.
Information collected from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help bring back smaller German cities.
′′ We want to know more about what people need, and if they decide to move - about what their motivation was ", said Robert Knippschild.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas for luring new residents, offering them accommodation incentives.
The first one was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young specialists for living and working in the city for a year.
Today, these solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikyther to Candela in Italy or in American Tulsa, Oklahoma.
