Father Joseph Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He is charismatic.
The Holy Mass he celebrates for deliverance and healing draws crowds.
He was several years old when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, through the Franciscan, others are experiencing it.
Masses celebrated by Fr. Witko for deliverance and healing draw crowds
Once there came to him parents of a 7-month-old baby who had a hole in his heart the size of 7.5 mm.
It was to be operated on.
Father Joseph Witko prayed over him.
Later that day, the boy was taken to the hospital for surgery.
Astonished doctors said: "Surgery is not needed, loss is only 1.5 mm."
My parents were crying with happiness.
After another Franciscan prayer, the hole disappeared completely.
The clergyman began to experience the extraordinary actions of the Creator as a teenager.
In his dreams, Purgatorial souls came to him asking for help.
I was awakened at night and urged to pray for the dead and those who were dying at that moment," he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what was happening to a man who was committing a mortal sin.
"My body started to change.
I lost my human qualities and started to look like an animal," he says.
The invisible force lifted him up, he could not bring out his voice.
He felt he was lost.
Then God showed him rescue.
"Immersed in the waters of the river symbolizing holy baptism, I was freed and returned to human form..." he says.
He did not tell anyone about these strange experiences.
His vocation matured.
He was 16 when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons, he wanted not only to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience him alive.
Members of the Charismatic Renewal in the Spirit Community
The healing masses celebrated by Father Witko are attended by many people who hope to get rid of the disease.
However, the clergyman stresses that their main goal is spiritual healing, not bodily healing.
First defeat for Kolping FRAC Jaroslaw
This afternoon (26 September) the team of Kolping FRAC deservedly fell at home to the current Polish Darts Champion Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki as part of the 3rd round of the LOTTO Table Tennis Super League.
The Yaroslavs, in the kind of personal combination they presented with the governorates, have little chance of winning against the league's sovereigns.
This was clearly demonstrated by the duel with Dartom Bogoria.
The team is still missing, acclaimed team leader Chen Jingqi.
Perhaps with him in the squad jarosławianie would reach the third consecutive triumph in the new season.
The young Asian Qiyao Han has probably yet to win against the likes of the Greek Panagiotis Gionis and the Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most prospective Poles, Marek Badowski.
The wrestler from Hellady was the biggest star of the match in the MOSiR hall on Sikorskiego Street in Jaroslaw.
He was a class unto himself against both Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei.
After three matches, Kolping FRAC led 2:1.
Kou Lei probably outplayed Marek Badowski, and Daniel Górak after a thrilling, five-set battle – Pavel Siruck.
But then it got worse.
Gionis did not give Leia a chance.
One could still hope for a two-point win, but Qiyao Han was no match for Badowski.
There will be additional testing for seniors.
Why?
According to Rafal Trzaskowski, a program of free preventive examinations for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it did not gain the approval of the Ministry of Health and its subordinate Agency for the Protection of Medical Technologies and Tariffs.
In the explanatory statement, the agency explained that the target group was poorly chosen.
"The above actions may even result in detection of particular disease units, which may contribute to deepening the difficulties in accessing NHF services and negatively affect the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort related to a falsely positive test result," it says.
The decision of the ministry is not understood by the president of the capital.
"The money is ours, we have foreseen the money.
Only the government is afraid that if people get tested, they will go to the doctor later, which is absurd, because it is all about getting a situation in which prevention can be done more quickly.
All specialists know that it helps when it comes to the strain on the health system, because it helps in the rapid detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand," said Rafał Trzaskowski.
"It is hard for me to imagine that expert specialists say: Let's not examine ourselves because there will be longer queues at the doctor's, and if such specialists advise the government, I am not surprised that the health service is in such a state," added the PO politician.
Palestine responds to Israel: We will terminate all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told the UN General Assembly on Thursday that he would break all agreements reached with Israel if the country's future government tries to comply with Benjamin Netanyahu's annexation of occupied Palestinian land.
"If the future Israeli government that emerges starts to turn this plan into reality, we will cancel all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made," he announced.
"We will reject completely and utterly the whole plan," threatened Abbas with leverage.
"It is our duty to defend all our rights by all possible means - no matter what the consequences will be - by committing ourselves wholly to the application of international law and to the fight against terrorism," declared the President of the Palestinian Authority, who had already made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, the former Israeli prime minister, was again given the mission to form a government after the September 17 elections.
A week before the election, he announced that if he won, he would annex the Jordan Valley and include all Jewish settlements across the West Bank in Israel.
In the early 1990s, Israel and the Palestinians, then led by Yasser Arafat, signed a series of peace accords, which were sponsored by the United States.
The 84-year-old Abbas also promised to hold general elections in Palestinian lands during the UN General Assembly session.
The most recent was in 2006.
"Back home, I will call local elections in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem and all those who oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community," declared the Palestinian president solemnly.
Abbas also defended in his speech the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the United Nations, to exercise the powers of "full members of the United Nations and all its bodies and institutions."
The Palestinian leader concluded by calling on the international community to "force Israel to comply with the United Nations with full respect."
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas' speech by declaring that the Palestinian leader "prefers to focus in the United Nations on the Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel rather than to fight against calls for terrorism in the Authority under its leadership."
Danon, the agencies note, did not refer to Netanyahu's annexation of occupied Palestinian land.
Rescuers want defibrillators at sensitive points of Przemyśl
History from the border crossing shows that an automatic AED defibrillator can save lives.
The Provincial Emergency Service Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be placed in sensitive areas of the city.
For their actions, the officers received congratulatory diplomas from the Regional Ambulance Station in Przemyśl.
Trainee Daniel Cyrnek, Senior Trainee Grzegorz Bal and Commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Podkarpackie Tax Customs Office in Przemyśl.
On August 28, they were on duty at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medyce. A Customs and Fiscal Service officer noticed a man lying unconscious in the pedestrian zone.
A Chinese activist died in custody as a result of torture.
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Constitution
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, was called on September 23 by a Communist Party secretary from her home village to report that her husband had just died in a military hospital in Hengyang.
What caused his death, he did not reveal.
In the morgue, Cao saw her husband's body massacred, unrecognizable.
"His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were all in blood," the woman says.
"They wouldn't let me take my cell with me, and there were a lot of policemen around who couldn't get close to Wang."
Police pressed her to sign a statement that her husband was seriously ill and had died from an "accident."
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million of funding will go to companies in the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
The National Centre for Research and Development announced the results of the third edition of the GameINN program on Friday.
Among the nearly 30 projects supported by the NCBR were the development of a platform for field games development based on an AR game engine creating a map of the real world with an application enabling data transmission by users; a test and training platform for verification of practical skills at the workplace and professional development using VR and AI; an innovative game simulating real-world production processes management using an innovative gameplay model based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the concept of industry 4.0, stated in the NCBR release sent on Friday to PAP.
The aim of the GameINN sector programme is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish video game industry in the global market in the perspective until 2023.
According to the NCBR, already today the Polish video games sector is growing at a rate of 10 percent per year.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video games market in 2016 was PLN 1.85 billion, while the forecast for 2019 is 2.23 billion.
"A specially prepared research agenda of GameINN and support for entrepreneurs already reaching 300 million PLN within this sector program are a significant boost for the further, dynamic growth of Polish gamedev," reads the release.
The video games industry is an excellent example of effective use of the potential we have in Poland.
"Incentives introduced by the government for innovative entrepreneurs, such as R&D tax credits, competence improvement programs, IP box or support programs implemented by the NCBR drive innovative activities of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a very competitive market," according to Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the release.
The Minister of Science points out that money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of project funding, but also stays in their pockets - three quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from the R&D tax credit in 2018 than the year before.
"The amount of deducted costs relating to R&D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in over PLN 300 million of savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is equivalent to the support provided by the NCBR in three editions of GameINN”, emphasises the Deputy Prime Minister.
Dr Wojciech Kamieniecki, director of the National Centre for Research and Development, reminds that 78 innovative projects have been awarded in two previous contests with a total value of over PLN 211.2 million.
The huge interest in the 3rd competition and the variety of applications submitted show that the video games industry has the ideas and competences to further develop itself and increase its competitive advantages.
"It is particularly pleasing that the projects selected, as in previous editions, include not only entertainment but also industry 4.0-related solutions," he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding of up to PLN 20 million.
The NCBR received 87 applications for a total amount of funding of approximately PLN 317 million.
The budget of the competition at the time of the announcement was 100 million zlotys, but it was increased, so that 27 projects were awarded almost 105 million zlotys of funding.
Detailed information about the results of the 3rd GameINN competition is available at ncbr.gov.pl.
The GameINN sector programme is implemented under the Smart Growth Operational Programme.
The NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to an initiative by entrepreneurs associated to the Polish Games Agreement, which includes companies such as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga pleads guilty to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident occurred on September 16.
Dolberg, who had joined Nice from Ajax Amsterdam at the end of August, realised after training that his watch had disappeared from the dressing room.
Not just any, because it is worth 70 thousand euros.
The furious Dane did not show up for class the next day, citing stomach problems.
The case was mysterious from the start.
The players in the dressing room have private safes and the club area is monitored.
According to the AFP news agency, Diaby-Fadiga eventually confessed to the theft.
The 18-year-old has already apologised to Dolberg and the rest of his team-mates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised to return the money for the watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most promising young footballers in France.
He arrived in Nice as a teenager and made his debut in the first team three years later.
He appeared in seven games that season.
He has recently signed a professional contract, but - as L'Equipe newspaper reported - the club is likely to terminate him with immediate effect.
For the time being, he has initiated disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, refuses to comment on the matter.
Check if you are sure to wash your hands well
We all know that they need to be washed (e.g. after coming home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it the right way.
This is important especially now, when autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
And most of us wash them shorter!
Just warm water and ordinary soap – it's not true that it needs to be antibacterial (many doctors even advise against it).
When washing, we rub not only the bottoms and tops of the hands, but also: fingertips (joined or singly) – rub them with circular movements against the interior of the other hand, spaces between fingers (interlace hands, rubbing fingers against each other), thumbs – we extend each thumb with the other hand and in this embrace we turn it right and left for a moment.
In an emergency (when you can't wash your hands) wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief and then use antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from 5 PLN).
Do not touch handles or doors after using a public toilet (recommendation from the Chief Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them with a paper towel.
Iranian president says he rejected US offer of talks, Donald Trump denies
Tehran did not engage in talks with the US during the UN General Assembly in New York, despite an offer by the Americans to lift the sanctions, Iranian President Hassan Rowhani said on Friday.
U.S. President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side that asked for the restrictions to be lifted, which he did not agree to.
According to Iranian President Hassan Rowhani, the Americans proposed lifting all sanctions on Tehran in exchange for negotiating a new international agreement.
It would regulate both Iran's nuclear program and its ballistic missile program.
Rowhani: Iran will not hold talks amid maximum pressure
The Iranian president said he had not agreed to the talks because of the "toxic atmosphere."
He stated that he met U.S. diplomats because he gave in to the encouragement of France, Germany and the United Kingdom.
However, he stressed that Iran would not enter the talks in an atmosphere of "maximum pressure."
"And even if we want to negotiate with the Americans in a 5+1 format, no one can predict what the end result will be," said Rowhani.
A day earlier, the Iranian leader said he did not rule out talks with the US, and accused the European parties to the nuclear agreement of favoring US sanctions on Iran.
He added that sanctions imposed on Iran after the US withdrawal from the nuclear agreement "are a precondition that does not allow" the establishment of dialogue.
If we manage to abolish this precondition and if America abolishes sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America,' he declared.
He added that he does not rule out a meeting with US President Donald Trump, despite the fact that he did not agree to such a conversation in the past week during the UN General Assembly.
Trump: "Iran asked, I said no"
Trump tweeted that he had rejected the Iranian side's request.
"Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions on them so that we could meet.
Of course I said 'no!' blurted the US President.
Tension with nuclear agreement in the background
France, Germany and the United Kingdom are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran in order to somehow salvage the 2015 agreement with Iran, of which they were signatories.
It stated that in exchange for lifting economic sanctions, Iran would abandon its nuclear weapons programme and bring the nuclear sector under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the US withdrawal from the agreement in May 2015, the other signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in place.
Nothing has come of it yet.
Washington is using the tactic of exerting maximum pressure on Iran, and the sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran has said that if it does not receive an export permit, it will limit its obligations under the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESZÓW: Cabaret pod Wyrwigroszem
We have tickets for you!
The Cabaret pod Wyrwigroszem will perform on 6 October at 4 p.m. in Hrubieszów House of Culture. in Hrubieszów.
The cabaret under Wyrwigrosz will present a programme, entitled "Tra ta ta ta".
There will be talks about pop-up drinks and Torun's geothermal energy.
Tickets are 60 PLN, you can buy them in HDK, as well as at biletowakasa.pl.
We have free tickets for TZ readers.
How to get them, check our Facebook profile.
The judge of the Provincial Administrative Court in Warsaw and the husband of hate-worker Emilia, who – according to her words and screenshots from WhatsApp – participated in stalking against the judges, was reinstated by the NSA on Wednesday.
The reason: no disciplinary proceedings were initiated against him, so there is no basis to uphold the order of WSA President Wojciech Mazur to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a disciplinary spokesman for the NSA, initiated an investigation against Szmydt in late August, but it has not yet evolved into an investigation against him.
Although the NSA, which acts as a disciplinary court in such cases, must deal with the decision of the president of the WSA within a month of its issuance.
In this situation, the judge who publicly talked about his wife's mental problems in order to discredit her, who was removed from the KRS office due to suspicions of participation in a hate group, will return to adjudicate and will pass judgments on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his involvement in the hate group.
He claims that there is no evidence of this apart from fake screenshots and words of his wife, with whom he is divorcing.
The other judges connected with “Kasta” say exactly the same: they are all innocent, there is no evidence.
And quite possibly they will bet on their own.
Because the prosecution did not wag its finger to secure the evidence from their electronic media, it is also silent about the contents of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which she stopped in June in another case.
The police did not wag their finger to secure the devices of the people, who were pointed out as persecutors by Judge Waldemar Żurek in a February report.
There is no evidence - there is no Szmydt case, there is no "Kasty" case.
Nor is the case of the head of the Supreme Chamber of Control, Marian Banasi, about renting a tenement house to souvenirs and hiding the income.
CBA is reviewing his financial statements.
And it will check when it checks.
And the Commission of Post-Legislative Ethics will not take up Banas, because the Sejm is suspended (but the Commission of State Control somehow got together to make a bizarre decision to dismiss Banas' deputies and appoint as acting his lawyer, although the law does not provide for such a bizarre combination).
The whole thing reminds me of a film novella, American, probably, about how a wife comes home and finds a husband with his mistress in bed.
She is so amazed and devastated that she can't choke a word.
She is standing in the doorway speechless, and during this time her lover quickly jumps out of bed, dresses and leaves.
And the husband is cutting the bed.
When the wife regains her voice and shouts: what is it supposed to be?
Who is this woman?
My husband calmly asks: what woman, darling?
Only in the case of 'Kasta' or Banasi there is a parody of the state.
And it's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Signing an agreement with the auditor to audit the financial statements for the years 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S.A. announces that on 27 September 2019 it signed an agreement with Premium Audyt Spółka z o.o. with its registered office in Poznań at ul. Czartoria 1/1, entered under KRS number 0000540136 into the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court in Poznań – Nowe Miasto and Wilda in Poznań, VIII Commercial Division of the National Court Register, entered into the list of entities authorized to audit financial statements under number 3992.
The subject of the agreement is to audit the financial statements of Maxipizza S.A. for the following financial years: a. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, c. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in the high jump final
Earlier this season, returning to competition after the maternity break, she won bronze at the 2017 World Championships in London, beating 1.85 and 1.89 on her first attempt and 1.92 on her second.
The 1.94 was only achieved in the third attempt.
“I am glad.
I showed that I can fight because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I will have to jump better technically”, admitted Lićwinko on the Eurosport camera.
Vashti Cunningham of the United States and Karyna Demidik of Belarus were the top qualifiers, with 1.94 each.
Both players were the only ones to score no runs.
The women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
Beginning at 19:30 BST.
Kornel Morawiecki is in a serious condition in hospital
He was taken to hospital and doctors described his condition as severe.
It should be added that he is conscious and conscious.
"We believe that he will come out of it, that he will win again.
We are all praying that he recovers”, said Kornel Morawiecki, an anonymous close person, in an interview with journalists of the Super Express.
In the upcoming elections, the Prime Minister's father is running for the Senate.
"My closest family and politics keep me alive," said Kornel Morawiecki in an interview he gave to the journalists of the Super Express two weeks ago.
In January, Super Express reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki was taken to a military hospital in Wroclaw for examination.
"I had strange, disturbing symptoms and I went to the hospital.
It came out that I had jaundice.
But the worst was in front of me.
When the CT scan was done, it was found that I had pancreatic cancer..." the Prime Minister's father said.
A few days later, in the hospital of the Ministry of Interior in Warsaw, Kornel Morawiecki underwent a serious operation.
As Morawiecki recounted, president Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain priest Zbigniew Kras to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and was successful.
"I know that many people have prayed for me, for which I thank you very much.
Fortunately, I don't have metastasis.
I don't know if I'm going to undergo chemotherapy yet.
I put myself in the hands of specialist doctors who are rather cheerful.
For now, after this hard surgery, I have to return to some kind of working condition.
I hope that everything will be fine”, said Kornel Morawiecki in an interview with SE in January.
"If I had been examined too late, the situation would have been tragic and I would have said goodbye to this fallout..." he added.
Krakow: 14-year-old missing
Officers from the Municipal Police Headquarters in Krakow are searching for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact us.
She was reported missing on the evening of September 26 and has not returned or made contact with her relatives.
She was last seen at Stary Gościniec Street in Kraków.
Stokłosa is 14 years old, 167 cm tall, with blond hair and greyish-blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was dressed in a sweatshirt, gray pants, and shoes.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact police at 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The power of OAO jumps.
The title of the coverage of amateur sports competitions, held on Sunday afternoon September 15 at the hippodrome in Oleandry Street in Olawa, may be misleading to some.
It's a long way from true power, but that's the name of one type of horse competition...
The competition of jumping power consists in the rider and horse overcoming higher and higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed even two meters.
It is worth noting that the long and still unbeaten world record, set back in 1949 by the Chilean Albert Larraguibel, on the horse Huaso, is 247 cm.
Nobody jumped so high in Oława, of course, but the result of the best local amazons at 135 cm is not one of the worst either...
The competition, organized by tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other JKS “In the Saddle” activists, was a showcase part of the “Rainbow Equestrian Competition” that was held there a little earlier, about which we write more in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight amazons, who train equestrians in Oława JKS, entered the competition.
Four competed on ponies and four competed on big horses.
In the first group, Nikola Szołdra performed best, riding the insane "Sprinter".
This small but very dynamic steed started from overcoming obstacles spread at the height of 40 cm and ended only at the station with the top beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not give up easily and only after three consecutive refusals was he removed from further competition by the jury.
Amelia Pawlak, riding Famy, finished second in the pony jumps, while Lena Boruń took third place on Harmider.
The youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, galloping and jumping over obstacles on the small mare "Carmen" - fought Ambitiously.
Even more excitement followed the amazons competing and the spectators during the competition with the participation of large horses.
Terrible-looking falls included Paulina Szewczyk, riding the "Declaration" and Anastasia Abramenko, who was riding the "Lot."
Fortunately, apart from minor bruises, neither amazons nor horses were harmed, so they continued to participate in the competition.
Weronika Łuczkiewicz had a lot of problems with introducing the young mare “Wineta” to the parkour.
It needed either the assistance of a trainer or another horse to pair, behind which a little crazy "Wineta" dashed.
After passing the obstacle from the parkour she was also going off at full speed, so at times in the stalls and in the warm-up area it was getting dangerous. "Everything is under control!" reassured Jan Sienkiewicz, a little frightened spectators, especially the youngest ones.
From the beginning of the big horse competition, Marta Masalska, riding a beautifully presented "Whisky" performed great on the park.
This dignified mare, paired with an experienced amazon, on the second try in the final phase were the first to jump 135 cm and it was the best result of the competition at that point.
After a while, however, the same height was also scored by Paulina Szewczyk on "Declaration", Weronika Luczkiewicz on "Wineta" and Anastasia Abramenko on "Lotka".
So, for the flo decoration and for the collection of prizes in the form of equestrian equipment, all these competitors went out together, and at the end, together with the amazons on their ponies, they made an impressive round of honour to the Radecki's march, ending this interesting and exciting competition with it.
Acknowledgements
Equestrian Sports Club "In the saddle" would like to thank the sponsors of the jump power contest during the 16th "Rainbow Equestrian Competition": the Municipal Office in Oława, the Water Supply and Sewage Plant in Oława, the County Office and the company "Mustang".
Max Kolonko Cuts Off the KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko
Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution was the name of the election committee under which the #R Revolution political formation of Mariusz Max Kolonka was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution targeted young right-wing voters in particular.
Before the election, Kolonko announced his cooperation with Marek Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions took place, and the KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko itself failed to even collect enough signatures to put lists in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko has announced on Twitter that he has ended his collaboration with the KWW, Max Kolonko's Patriotic Revolution.
"I will expect the above mentioned KWW to remove my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to connect my person with the above mentioned entity," he added, and announced that he would provide more information soon.
For now, it is not known whether the journalist will continue his action, or whether this is the end of the #R Revolution formation.
On July 4, US Independence Day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko announced the formation of a new political formation - #R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko has become famous for hosting the Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
"We are fed up with politicians, fed up with your foolish little games, fed up with your amateur rule.
It's time for the government to take over the Nation and rule for the good of the Nation," Kolonko said at the time.
The party's agenda included issues concerning the judiciary (it should be elected in general elections), tax changes (leveling the tax-free amount for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid for the countries of the eastern flank of NATO, with particular emphasis on Poland), holding a referendum on gun ownership, limiting the number of MPs or introducing single-member constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of the formation of the new political formation, Mariusz Max Kolonko began talks with Marek Jakubiak.
In late July, Kolonko posted a message on his social media page suggesting that #R would join forces with the Kukiz'15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions ultimately took place.
UBS: Gold close to equilibrium point
"The euro will remain around the 4.35 zloty ceiling in the coming months, accompanied by a weak global market situation," announces Michael Bolliger of UBS Wealth Management.
“Expectations of maintaining a solid economic growth pace and a stable monetary policy support the stabilisation of the zloty at the current ceiling”, the specialist says in an interview with Bankier.pl.
In his opinion, despite the clear inflationary pressure, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to raise rates in an environment where the vast majority of central banks soften their policy.
"While the zloty is properly valued - the euro should remain near the 4.35 zloty ceiling in the coming months - Polish bonds are unattractive, according to him.
Emerging market bonds offer much more favorable yields than Polish securities," says Michael Bolliger, head of asset allocation for emerging markets at UBS Wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the global downturn.
"The global slowdown could get even worse, but there should be no severe recession, at most GDP growth going slightly below zero," predicts Michael Bolliger.
"Investors should underweight global equities, which may be hurt by the lack of prospects for resolving the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risk factors, including the impeachment proceedings against Donald Trump and Brexit.
Among stock markets, Europe should behave relatively least," according to a recent letter to investors by UBS Wealth Management chief executive Mark Haefele.
"Shares in eurozone countries should behave worse than those in the US because they are more susceptible amid heightened uncertainty around global trade and fears of a slowdown," the document says.
According to Michael Bolliger, after the boom in the bond markets of the safest countries pushed German 10-year yields as low as minus 0.74 percent, it is still possible to deepen the decline in yields.
In the long term, however, yields on long-term securities should no longer fall, only on short-term securities, due to the easing of banks' monetary policy.
The Fed has the greatest scope for rate cuts, which should lead to a weakening of the US currency in the years to come.
The long-term equilibrium point for the euro is a ceiling of $1.29, which would imply a 19% strengthening potential of the single currency against the dollar.
We expect further Fed rate cuts, which will result in a narrowing of global monetary policy differences.
"The dollar's strength may not be sustained in the long term by current and budget deficits," announces Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr loses its weapons.
Confidential report of the German Ministry of Defense
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has recorded the disappearance of 39 weapons, 39 weapons parts and 19 445 rounds of ammunition, according to a confidential list compiled by the Federal Ministry of Defence.
The news was reported by newspapers belonging to the media group RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the parliamentary office of the state secretary of the Ministry of Defense Peter Tauber (CDU), two weapons, one part of the weapon and 3,474 rounds of ammunition have been re-tracked so far.
Among the military equipment still missing are six MG3 universal machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic rifles, six signal pistols and two P8 pistols.
In addition, 30 barrels for MG3 machine guns are missing.
The deputy leader of the Left Party, Martina Renner, expressed concern about the situation.
The number of missing guns and ammunition is "alarming," RND told reporters.
All the more so as a result of the investigations we were able to find only a small part of the lost equipment.
Martina Renner summarized the effects of these actions as a "miserable balance sheet."
In December 2017, the federal prosecutor in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a serious act of violence that threatened state security and violated the law governing access to firearms.
The officer was accused of plotting to assassinate leading German politicians from far-right and racist motives.
His "blacklist" of targets, which fell into the hands of the public prosecutor's office, included the then justice minister Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green party, and Anetta Kahane, a human rights activist and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung in Berlin.
Franco A. illegally possessed four firearms, more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition and more than 50 explosive devices.
Crying children on the plane.
How to avoid them?
There is a solution
The carrier Japan Airlines has recently been using a feature designed for people for whom travelling with a crying child is a nightmare.
Via the website, the airline allows you to check the seating arrangements on the plane.
If a connection is flown by a minor up to the age of two, the "child icon" appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place that is distant from the one occupied by the toddler.
The BBC reports that the airline has already reported on the shortcomings of this arrangement.
A "child icon" will not appear when a ticket has been booked by a third party or if there has been a last-minute change of aircraft.
As you might expect, the idea divided Internet users.
Some Twitter users point out that the problem of travelling with crying children can be solved with noise-cancelling headphones.
They're children, we used to be too.
"We need to learn to be tolerant, because soon we will need a seat map for mouth breathers, drooling or drunks," wrote user G Sundar.
Another internet user noticed that he used to be disturbed by crying children on a plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent.
Ne also lacks supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"I thank you for warning me against screaming children during the 13-hour journey," wrote Rahat Ahmed.
Majorca counts losses after Thomas Cook travel agency bankruptcy
More than 25,000 foreign tourists will not be on holiday in Majorca in October as a result of bankruptcy declared on Monday by the travel agency Thomas Cook.
According to autonomous Balearic government representative Marc Pons on Friday, among the 25,000 holidaymakers who will not be able to take advantage of the October holiday in Majorca are also those who were due to travel with companies indirectly linked to Thomas Cook, such as Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80% of the expected holidaymakers who have had to cancel their holidays in Majorca next month due to the bankruptcy of a British company are German and Scandinavian nationals.
However, according to Mr Pons, as Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the balearian island in November-April, the losses to the local economy will be reduced.
He revealed that the government of the Balearic Islands had already started negotiations with international operators about "entering the market of Majorca" after the British operator went bankrupt.
The newspaper Diario de Mallorca estimates that more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs in Mallorca in October due to the tourism crisis.
Around 800 were made redundant at the Thomas Cook office in Palma.
The remaining people will lose their jobs mainly in the hospitality sector.
On Monday, along with the bankruptcy filing by Thomas Cook in a number of Majorca hotels, property owners demanded that guests pay an additional overnight fee.
Dozens of tourists from Poland experienced this situation.
The Balearic Islands government estimates that by Thursday dozens of hotels in Majorca had shut down their operations until at least the end of October following the bankruptcy filing by Thomas Cook and its affiliates.
Friday's Diario de Ibiza reports that the majority of hotels in Ibiza that have worked with the Thomas Cook group have no intention of closing sites in the coming weeks.
The paper recalls that on this balearian island the British bankrupt co-operated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the autonomous authorities of the Balearic Islands announced that they would ask the Spanish Government for €100 million in support of the region to cover losses caused by the bankruptcy filing of the travel agency Thomas Cook.
They revealed that the largest number of tourists affected in the archipelago, some 36,000 people, is in Majorca.
Government figures from the Balearic Islands show that Thomas Cook is owed around €5 million by local tourism companies, mainly hotel operators, for the implementation of contracts for the period July-September 2019.
FIFA Women's Rankings.
Poland still in 29th place, the US in the lead
The Polish women's national team is ranked 29th in the rankings of the International Federation of Football (FIFA) published on Friday.
The team of coach Miłosz Stępiński was ranked in the previous, July ranking.
Poor games.
How will it be in October?
The United States won the women's title, defending the women's world title.
The second place in the rankings was retained by the German women, while the Dutch women remained third.
Polish women are preparing to qualify for ME.
They were scheduled to start with an away match against the Czech Republic on September 3.
The day before the meeting, it was postponed by a year due to her opponent's food poisoning.
In this situation, the Polish women will inaugurate their qualification with a meeting with the Spanish women on 12 November in Lublin.
Before that, the White and Red teams will play two friendly matches, on 3 October against Cyprus and five days later against Brazil in Kielce.
The group's rivals are Spain, Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The group winners and the top three second-placed teams advance directly to the final tournament.
The remaining six second-placed teams will play in the play-offs for the final three passes to the European Championship.
The 16 participants will be completed by the host nation, England.
Poland's men's national team in September's FIFA rankings dropped from 20th to 22nd place.
'The Government': Smog crushes the government
"The effects of the Clean Air Programme are dim and coal stoves will be kicking this winter as if nothing had ever happened," reads the front page of today's Rzeczpospolita.
"To date, within the Clean Air programme, 82,000 applications for funding worth a total of PLN 2 billion have been submitted, of which 48,000 decisions have been positive.
The total amount of accepted applications amounts to more than 915 million zlotys”, reports Rz, citing data from a spokesman for the Minister of the Environment.
As the paper points out, only part of the costs incurred is reimbursed from the scheme.
The results of the much-heralded programme are judged "modest" by the daily.
Local governments, quoted by Rz, see the failure of "Clean Air" among others in too much bureaucracy.
"The program should be much simpler: electronic filing, sending invoices by post, possible random checking of the execution.
This would improve operations”, said Jacek Wiśniowski, mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński.
Activists from the Polish Smog Alarms note that in the first year of operation, less than 1 percent of the assumed target of replacing 3 million digging boilers was achieved.
As noted by Rz, although the budget of the program is 103 billion zlotys for 10 years, or 10 billion zlotys annually, this amount is virtual.
"The budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management for this year has just booked 1.4 billion zlotys," we read.
Congress agrees on F-35 for Poland
Blaszczak: Now negotiating the price
The U.S. Congress authorized the sale of 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft to Poland.
"This is one of the last steps before concluding a contract, but not the end of our work," wrote Mariusz Blaszczak on Twitter.
"We will negotiate hard in order to achieve the best possible price," added the Polish minister.
Agreement for Polish F-35
The Polish Air Force will eventually deploy 32 Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighters.
In mid-September, the U.S. State Department agreed to sell them to Poland.
The Communication stresses that the investment will support U.S. national security and foreign policy by improving the security of its NATO ally, an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to the information from the State Department, Poland is to pay 6.5 billion dollars for the fighter jets.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department indicated that the contract would also include the supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, engineering, logistics and human resources services, and related elements of logistics and program support and personnel training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighter jets
The Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II is a single-seat, single-engine, fifth-generation multi-role fighter aircraft.
The aircraft is capable of close support missions, bombing, and typically fighter air combat missions.
Using stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable for short-range radar.
Recently, F-35 fighter jets were bought by Belgium under a contract worth $4.55 billion.
The Belgian Air Force wants to replace the ageing F-16s with them.
Other U.S. allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, are also said to be considering purchasing U.S. warplanes.
Barbie Against Stereotypes.
Gender Dolls
The manufacturer Barbie has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls.
He wants to fight stereotypes in this way.
The manufacturer Barbie has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls
In addition to Barbie with different skin color, figure or hairstyle, Mattel has launched gender-neutral dolls.
Toys from the "Creatable World" series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie is to have short hair or long hair.
Their wardrobe consists of both trousers and dresses.
In the blink of an eye, dolls can turn girls into boys and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
Gender dolls no longer have full lips, long eyelashes and a slim waist, or - in Ken's case - broad shoulders.
The company believes that children do not like their dolls to have gender norms imposed, and some parents and feminists are convinced that toys made for a particular gender inhibit girl's ambitions and reinforce traditional stereotypes.
"The new dolls will allow all children to feel free," announces Mattel.
The Barbie doll, which appeared on the market in 1959 in a swimsuit and high-heeled shoes, has been repeatedly criticized in the past for promoting "unhealthy feminine stereotypes" such as unnatural body proportions.
The company has responded to the criticism and has already launched dolls with different skin colors as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls wearing hijab.
Zandberg: wheel or club Together may have more than a dozen MPs
When asked on ZET radio how many of his party's candidates could get into the Sejm from the lists of left-wing groups (KW SLD, whose letter candidates for the SLD, Wiosna and Left Together Sejm start with a joint "Left" logo), Zandberg replied that it depended on the result of the committee.
"I believe that the result of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people have hope that the Left is not only right, but has strength," he pointed out.
According to Zandberg, the left may have 60-80 deputies.
"This could mean that the Together club or circle will have a dozen deputies.
But it depends on Polish women and men.
I'm not going to guess and say how it's going to happen," he said.
Asked if the Together Left would have a separate circle, Zandberg replied, "We have an appointment to be diverse, and we will not pretend that there is no diversity.
I think that this diversity was rewarded by the Poles, because we showed that by differing, we were able to get along on a common agenda.'
Asked whether the biggest beneficiary of the joint run-off was the leader of the Democratic Left Alliance, Włodzimierz Czarzasty, Zandberg replied that in his opinion the biggest beneficiaries are the centre-left and left-wing voters.
Noting that the SLD would receive the entire subsidy, he replied that "the purpose of a political party is to represent its constituents."
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the election to the Sejm.
In the case of the Senate election, he indicated that he was considering.
"The offer is diverse and there are candidates in this offer, to whom my heart is closer, but there are also those to whom my heart is further," he said.
"But let me be very honest and clear that if I were in Senate District 44, I would take my election certificate and vote in a different district," the politician stressed.
"I don't think I would be tempted to vote for minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO - PAP candidate)," he added.
In this constituency, Paweł Kasprzak, leader of the Polish Citizens, and Marek Rudnicki from the Law and Justice party are running.
Dakar: Largest mosque in West Africa opens
Tens of thousands of people from all over Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday for the inauguration of the huge mosque, said to be the largest in West Africa.
Muslims arrived by bus, car and on foot to the Bopp district, where a new mosque was erected with a capacity of 30,000 worshippers.
The structure was built by the Mouride fraternity, a member of the Sufi Islam movement that dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago in a wetland area of six hectares donated by the government.
The name of the mosque, Massalikul Jinan ("Paths to Paradise"), is derived from a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, a 19th-century founder of the brotherhood who was venerated as a saint by followers.
The mosque is clad in Carrara marble and has five minarets.
The highest is 78 metres.
The mosque inside can hold 15,000 worshippers, and the other so many can stay on the outer esplanade.
The lavishly finished interiors feature a gilded dome, giant chandeliers and hand-made decorations by Moroccan workers.
The builders claim that the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the edifice does not compare to mosques in other regions anyway.
In Morocco, the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca has a capacity of 105,000.
The construction of the mosque, which cost more than 30 million euros, was financed by private donations.
In addition to the land, the government funded lighting, sanitation and road works worth 10.5 million euros.
Coach Smyła: Our problem is not Silesia, but ourselves
A streak of eight league matches without a win will be interrupted by the Crown players in Friday's meeting with the runner-up of Silesia.
"Our problem is not the Brewers, but ourselves, we have to work on what we play," emphasized Chargers coach Mirosław Smyła.
The club's last and so far only win in the league came in the first round, when they defeated the rival club Raków Częstochowa 1–0 on away goals.
Later, the Chargers recorded two draws and six losses, and on Tuesday they lost 1-0 to Zagłębie Lubin in the round of 32 of the Polish Cup.
"It makes me optimistic that in the last seconds of a cup match the players were fighting for a goal, they wanted to draw.
Their fall on the turf after the final whistle was not due to the breakdown, it was just a fall of anger, because they were so close," said Smyła.
As he pointed out, Silesia have very strong wings, which is why he will sensitize the team to playing in the side sectors of the pitch.
"We are aware of the quality of the opponent, but we also look at what we want to play," added the coach.
In Friday's match in Korona, Ognjen Gnjatic will definitely not play for excess of yellow cards, the injured Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski will also be missing.
What is encouraging, however, is the submission of several players with the desire to play in a knockout match.
"We have a headache, recently it seemed to be gone, and now it is," said Smyła.
Crown defender Daniel Dziwniel stressed that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the streak of eight league games in a row without a win, while in the Premier League anyone can win against anyone.
"We are a good team.
In recent weeks we may not be showing it on the pitch, but the moment will come when we will be winning and we believe it will be on Friday," the footballer pointed out.
After nine rounds, Crown takes 15th place with five points.
Silesia accumulated 12 more and ranks second.
Friday's game in Kielce starts at 8.30 pm.
These trees may completely disappear from Europe
"42% of tree species in Europe are threatened," warns the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in its "Red List of European Trees" published on Friday.
At the top of the list are, among others, chestnuts and rowan.
The IUCN, based in Gland, Switzerland, is publishing a list of endangered European tree species for the first time.
It was drawn up by specialists who concluded on the basis of research that out of the 454 tree species found in Europe (as well as elsewhere in the world), 42% are 'highly endangered'.
The Red Book cites rapid urban sprawl and global climate change among its causes.
However, the most endangered are those trees and shrubs that are found only or mainly on our continent.
As for the typically European tree stand, 58% of species are threatened, according to the IUCN Specialists, while 15% of tree and shrub species are threatened with extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red Paper cites errors in the exploitation of trees, accelerated urbanisation, excessive logging, followed by forest fires and changes in the European ecosystem.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also strongly threatened.
"The consequences of human activity lead to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a risk in Europe of the extinction of important and underappreciated varieties that form the basis of European ecosystems and have an impact on the health of our planet," concluded the report by Luc Bas, who heads the European office of the IUCN.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I don't promise 600+
"Today the Law and Justice party wants to bribe Poles by offering them handouts for a loan that future generations will have to pay for their freedom," says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview with Rzeczpospolita.
In his opinion, "the whole politics of the Law and Justice party is a pic."
At the same time, the politician promises that "what is given will not be taken away."
Schetyna assures in an interview with Jacek Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat Law and Justice.
It is about mobilising the electorate at the ballot box.
In his opinion, the opposition has more potential in this respect than Kaczyński's party.
"Today, there are more conscious people who want to live in a normal state than there are supporters of the Law and Justice party, a party that has betrayed its proclaimed values of modesty, humility and transparency," says Schetyna.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic Platform also marked the basic assumptions of the KO electoral program.
"First of all, nothing given will be taken away, but we need to set a direction for the future, because PiS is dealing only with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even from dramatically low investments," he stated.
Secondly, it is about "mobilising the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work diligently - and those who are enterprising."
Schetyna explains that the KO programme includes, among others, a project which will give the lowest-earning Poles more by PLN 614 per hand, and higher earners - also a few hundred.
The politician also indicated that he did not want to race for handouts.
As he said, he will do as much as he can do, but not promise 600+.
"I will never allow the Greek option, where the rulers were bidding against the opposition for handouts until the country's financial collapse finally took place," he stressed.
Schetyna also stated in an interview with Rz that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid of debating with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"Pride steps before a fall.
Kaczyński is such a statesman as Banas is crystal", he added.
The PO leader also said that he had not yet decided whether he would run for the chairmanship of the Platform.
Argentina: Six dead condors
Six large condors have been found dead in the Argentine province of Santa Cruz, TVN24 reports.
Specialists believe that human activity contributed to their deaths.
The great condors are believed to have been poisoned by predators such as pumas, foxes and wild dogs.
The animals may have eaten the toxic carcass.
Apart from one young individual, the rest of the dead condors were adults.
"This is a big loss for the environment, as a condor needs to reach 10-15 years to become fertile and capable of reproduction.
So we are losing a protected species, an endangered species”, says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentinian environmental organisation.
"I think the use of toxic bait and poison puts not only this species at risk, but all other life forms, including human health," he adds.
"The Government": They want the jewel for the President
Work has begun on granting the Head of State a precious chain.
The idea was supported by Andrzej Duda's office, reads Rzeczpospolita.
As the newspaper explains, it is the gold chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insignia officially called the jewel of the Republic in the interwar period.
It was probably used by President Ignacy Mościcki for the last time.
„Rz” informs that soon such a chain could end up on the shoulders of Andrzej Duda.
On Wednesday, the Senate Committee on Human Rights, the Rule of Law and Petitions passed a proposal to work on an amendment to the law on orders and decorations in order to reinstate it.
The Journal writes that this is also not the first attempt to restore the chain to the head of state.
The Senate had already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it was lost by one vote.
This time the work is rapid.
At the beginning of August, senators devoted a few minutes to this matter, deciding that they would consult the Office of the President.
This arrived in mid-September.
"I kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in the petition," wrote then presidential minister Andrzej Dera.
On Wednesday, the Senate committee continued the matter and again devoted little time to it.
"The Presidential Office answered us briefly: it is in favour of restoring it," said the head of the commission, Robert Mamątow of the Law and Justice party, quoted by Rz.
He submitted a proposal for legislative work, which the committee supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through the intersection
The police action will be conducted, among others, at the intersection of ul. Cieplińskiego with al. Piłsudskiego.
The actions of uniformed officers are somehow connected with the recent complaints of the city authorities about drivers who are not always able to behave properly at the intersection.
On Friday, September 27, police officers begin preventive action in Rzeszów "Passable intersections."
It is about eliminating traffic obstructions: entering an intersection without the possibility of exit, not following light signals or road signs.
“We often think that we are alone at a crossroads, and in fact we make life difficult for other drivers”, said Marek Ustrobiński, vice-president of the city, a few days ago.
His words were echoed at the City Hall press conference, where city authorities presented examples of inadequate car traffic at intersections, which in effect creates traffic jams.
At the time, the president appealed to travelers for common sense on the road and, among other things, to move faster at traffic lights or not to write text messages while driving.
The subject has somehow been taken over by Rzeszów police officers, who from today begin the "Passable intersections" action.
What is the point?
The aim of the measures is to eliminate the phenomenon of limiting crossovers at intersections by drivers entering them without being able to continue driving.
This is a frequent offence which contributes to increasing traffic difficulties and creating traffic jams.
It carries a fine of $300 and two penalty points.
In addition, uniforms will pay attention to failure to follow traffic signals or signs and incorrect parking in the area of intersections.
They will also observe a lack of smoothness in driving, late starting from signalling devices, slow crossing times and excessive distances between vehicles.
What intersections will the activities take place at?
On Lisa-Kuli Street with Jagiellońska Street; on Cieplińskiego Avenue with Piłsudski Avenue; on Targowa Street with Piłsudski Avenue; on Śreniawitów Square with Dabrowski Street; and on Hetmańska Street with Warsaw Insurgents Avenue.
Such actions in the capital of Podkarpacie will be carried out on the following Fridays of October.
They inspected the waste disposal company "Czajka"
"Officials of the Department of Environmental Protection of the District of Wołomin and District Inspection of Building Control on Friday inspected the installation in Zielonka commune where waste from the sewage treatment plant "Czajka" in Warsaw is disposed of," said Karol Szyszko, a spokesman for the Wołomin starosty.
Inspectors from the Wołomin starosty carried out an inspection at the plant located in the forests belonging to the Zielonka municipality.
Dar-Trans, a private commercial and transport company, under an agreement with the Czajka sewage treatment plant in the capital, provides bedding waste management services.
"The installation was inspected, and the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his business," Szyszko said.
He added that the post-inspection report will be submitted to, among others, the Provincial Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw.
The last inspection in Dar-trance was carried out by the Voivodship Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw between 29 December 2015 and 11 February 2016.
It was determined at the time that the company did not take samples, measurements and groundwater tests, and did not have the results of stabilized municipal sewage sludge tests from the "Czajka" sewage treatment plant.
After WIOŚ's review, Dariusz Sobota was ordered to cease violating the terms of the decision.
DAR-TRANS is one of the companies collecting waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the Czajka treatment plant.
According to the decision for waste disposal in the excavation area, waste up to 60,000 tons of waste per year is processed in the forests near Zielonka.
The Warsaw City Water Supply and Sewerage Company reported last Thursday that STUOŚ was taken out of service at the turn of November and December 2018, which was related to damage to one of the incineration plant's equipment.
According to MPWiK, the monthly cost of their export is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of the cost of export from 01.01.2019 to 31.08.2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"You have taken on a difficult task, you can count on my total support," said Lech Wałęsa to Małgorzata Kidawa-Blonska on Friday.
"Mr. President, for me these are very important words," replied the candidate of the Civic Coalition for prime minister, the leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president stressed that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now "only a supporter in retirement."
Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met with former President Lech Wałęsa in his office at the European Solidarity Centre in Gdańsk on Friday.
Wałęsa's son, Jarosław, also took part in a short conversation behind closed doors.
"You have taken on a difficult task," said Lech Wałęsa after the meeting.
"You can count on my total support," he added.
"The problems facing Poland are familiar to us all.
Therefore, it is a great hope that you will deal with these problems as a woman, and all of us - those who love Poland - will support your actions as much as possible," said the former president, addressing Kidawa-Blonska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Blonska thanked them for their support.
"Mr. President, for me these are very important words, because nobody like you can talk about freedom, about the constitution, and knows how important it is," she said.
"Let us show that it is possible to make a different, wise policy, together, but according to the constitution, according to the law, according to respect for others.
You did your revolution like that, and we want to change Poland like that," Kidawa-Błońska stressed.
Retired fan
Wałęsa told reporters that he was now "just a supporter in retirement."
"Of course I'm looking into it.
I hope that we will reverse the course of events, that what was good, proven, (to this) we will return.
The tripartite division of powers is paramount, the Constitution is paramount, the courts are indispensable.
And all this has to be removed, all this has to be restored to normal operation, and that is what I believe we will do this time.
If not, we will have a street criterion," said Lech Wałęsa.
"That is why it is so important for Poles to go to the elections, think about it and decide independently.
And that is the most important thing”, added Kidawa-Blonska.
“The last chance that we will improve the situation in Poland with a card”, the former president replied.
"We must build again the foundation"
Asked about the most important changes for her to take place in Poland, Kidawa-Blonska said: "Mr. President said very well.
We need to build again the foundation on which we can do all the other things.
If the tri-division of power does not exist, if the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and let everyone know that otherwise Poland will not move one step forward.'
Slovenia 3–1 in the semi-final.
On a hot field in Ljubljana, Polish volleyball players clashed with Slovenians in the semifinals of the European Championship.
There was controversy and discussion with the judges, with Poland coach Vital Heynen in the lead role.
The Red Sox lost 3-1 and will play for the bronze medal.
Senate decides on key bills
The Senate passed, without amendment, a bill to reveal the assets of the families of top government officials and flights of the most important people in the country.
Fifty-two senators voted in favor of the amendment to the Act on the estates of the families of government officials without amendments, 14 against, and three abstentions.
Thus, senators decided to reject 12 amendments tabled during Wednesday's debate by senator of the Civic Platform Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, amendments were supposed to "civilize" the law and limit the scope of information provided in the statement about the financial situation of own children, children of the spouse, children adopted for cases in which children remain in a common household with the person obliged to submit the statement.
The Act on the Disclosure of the Assets of Families of the Most Important Government Officials, a draft of which was drafted in the office of the Prime Minister, was passed by the Sejm on 11 September.
The legislation stipulates that, among others, the Prime Minister, ministers, MPs, MEPs, senators, presidents of the Constitutional Tribunal, the Supreme Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as people at the head of other state institutions, will be required to include information about the personal assets of spouses, children and people living together in a financial statement.
The Senate also did not propose amendments to the bill on flights of the most important people in the country.
It regulates which flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government aircraft along with the most important people in the country.
The Act also specifies who is responsible for maintaining the Central Register of Flights.
Fifty-five senators voted in favor, 12 against, and four abstained.
According to the law, each flight of the president will be a flight "carried out in an official mission."
The President will be able to be accompanied by family members and other people invited by the President.
In contrast, a flight in the official mission of the Prime Minister and the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate will only be a flight "for the purpose of carrying out tasks directly related to the function."
The law also clarifies the list of people who can accompany the most important people in the country during the flight.
According to the regulations, members of the delegation – invited deputies, senators, representatives of public authorities and experts; persons providing technical, medical or organizational services; as well as journalists – may be on board the aircraft.
According to the Act, in the event of any doubts related to the flights of the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate, the head of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister will apply for their explanation.
If such doubts are not clarified in time, the head of the Chancellery will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or the Senate about the inability to organise such a flight.
New plenipotentiary for sport
Waldemar Paluch appointed his plenipotentiary for physical culture, sport and tourism.
Artur Świątek, the long-time president of the AZS PWSTE Jarosław University Club, for the last 4 years the director of the Rector's Office of the Jarosław University.
Photo Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek was recently heavily involved in a basketball reactivation project in Jarosław.
Artur Świątek is not an anonymous figure in the Yaroslavl sports community.
A graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska since 2002, he is an instructor at the State Higher School of Technology and Economics in Jarosław, and for 15 years he has been the president
Poles after the first practice in Paris, waiting for their last rival
Polish volleyball players held their first training session on Friday in Paris, where they will play in the bronze medal match on Saturday.
Vital Heynen's men closed the way to winning the title with a 3-1 defeat to Slovenians in Ljubljana on Thursday.
There was a lot of talk about their troubles with the journey to this duel.
This time was without such problems – on Friday morning they went together with the Slovenians on a charter to Paris, and a few hours later they took a training session in the famous Bercy hall.
According to people present at the classes, the trainer of the world champions was annoyed.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not just to exercise the volleyball elements.
"We went to the hall, but for the most part it was the time for the band.
It was about spending it together more than training.
Talk about it, think about how to rebuild it all as a team," he reported.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the coaching staff.
"We were brutally brought down to earth.
Without a doubt, we are disappointed.
We still believed that we would be back for this match.
We discussed this game among ourselves in the staff, the coach talked a lot with the players.
I would point to ineffectiveness in attack and much worse handling of situational balls than usual as the two main reasons for failure.
The Slovenians were much better than us in this respect”, he analyzed.
In his opinion, "White and Red" did not stand in the way of stress, related to the performance against supported by a loud and large audience of the co-hosts of the tournament.
Instead, he admitted that the world champions could somewhat shake a smooth road to the semi-finals.
"Perhaps if we had a similar type of defeat in the group stage, we would have studied the lesson quicker and played it differently later in the tournament.
But that's only if," he cautioned.
Gogol hopes that the anger of Thursday's defeat will be turned into aggression in the bronze medal match.
"I hope we will show our true colours then.
There's a lot to fight for.
We recently won the European Championship in 2011”, he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city and France the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
In the group stage, they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam; they travelled to Apeldoorn for the first two matches of the group stage, before moving to Ljubljana for the semi-finals.
Nick Kyrgios: severe punishment but suspended
The Australian tennis player received a 16-week ban and a $25,000 fine, six months suspension, for reprehensible words, gestures and actions at recent ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour officials are losing patience with Kyrgios, but still give him a chance to improve.
The summary of the misdeeds of the most uncouth professional tennis player in recent years looks dangerous - 16 weeks off plus a large fine, but both penalties are suspended for half a year - a trial period in which the recalcitrant athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24 years old, but he has been troubling for a long time and has earned a kind of tennis world record - he had to pay the highest single financial penalty in the history of the discipline for breaking the rules of behavior on and beside the court.
High-profile swearing, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike behavior, insulting the referee and spectators, breaking two rackets during a loss to Karen Khachanov - all of this after the August ATP Masters 1000 in Cincinnati paid $113,000.
He also did not play long in the 2019 US Open, but he managed to publicly say that ATP officials "are corrupt," which hurt the governing body so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and after a few weeks they gave the aforementioned verdict of suspension and another fine.
However, he was forgiven for having listened to the blame and learned the context of the speech.
In a statement of reasons, however, tennis officials said that the investigation found that Kyrgios' conduct throughout the past 12 months had in many cases raised serious objections and constituted a near-continuous violation of the rules, that he had continually insulted players and spectators in a vulgar manner, hence the heavy punishment.
However, the ATP gave him five days to appeal and immediately postponed the execution of the sentence, ordering several conditions to be met in the next six months: in the ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour tournaments, Kyrgios can no longer violate the rules of the Code of Conduct applicable to professional tennis players, in particular, he can no longer curse, destroy rackets, argue with judges and the public, or otherwise behave indecently and vulgarly.
He was also advised to seek "continuous support" from mental coaches during tournaments and also consulted people who specialised in solving problems of athletes who could not cope with proper behaviour during the off-season.
The first comment (on social media) from Nick Kyrgios to the verdict was: "Hey everybody, I can still play.
I just have to control my behavior, that's all."
In practice, the Australian will still have at least a two-week break, having been aggravated by a shoulder injury in the Laver Cup, so he had to abandon his upcoming starts in Beijing (30 September - 6 October) and Shanghai (6-13 October).
In the ATP rankings, Kyrgios is ranked 27th.
This year he won two tournaments - in Washington and Acapulco, he earned over $1.3 million, so even after the fines he will have a lot left.
Central Statistical Office: Life is getting better in Poland
According to the report on household budgets published by CSO on Friday, as much as 44% of them assessed as good or rather good their material situation last year.
The figure was 37.2% the year before, 33.5% in 2016, and has never exceeded 30% since 2009, when the statistical office first examined subjective assessments of households' situation.
A total of 8.1% of households considered their material situation to be bad or rather bad last year, compared to 11.2% the year before and more than 20% in 2009.
The material situation of the households of self-employed workers is best.
In this group, more than 70% of respondents consider it good or rather good.
At the other extreme are pensioner households, where the percentage of such responses was only 18%.
The subjective assessment of the material situation of households is also strongly influenced by the number of children.
The worst situation is among single-parent parents, among whom 32 percent declare a good or rather good material situation.
Among couples with children, the figure varies (depending on the number of children) from 55 to 60 percent, and among childless households it is 48.8 percent.
In these statistics, the effect of the 500+ program is clearly visible.
Before it was launched (in 2016), single parents and large families (with at least three children) evaluated the worst their material situation.
The improvement of subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles is a reflection of the rapid growth of income, mainly from work.
That is not all, however, because the percentage of households that consider their situation good is increasing faster than real incomes.
Moreover, at the level of voivodships there is no clear relationship between the level of income and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best ratings are formulated by the residents of Opolskie Voivodship, where 48.9% of the respondents consider their situation as good or rather good.
This is followed by Lubuskie (47.7%), Silesia (47.6%), Mazowieckie (47.3%) and West Pomerania (47.1%).
Meanwhile, in Opole disposable income (i.e. after paying taxes and contributions) was less than 94 per cent of the national average last year, and in Lubuskie it was 98 per cent.
The highest incomes were for residents of Mazowieckie (120 per cent of the national average) and Silesia (104 per cent).
On average, per capita disposable income in Poland was PLN 1,693 in 2018.
In real terms (after adjusting for the impact of price changes), it increased by 4.3% compared to 2017.
Compared to previous years, this result is quite low.
Income per person increased by 7% in 2016 and 6.3% the year after.
While revenue growth is slowing, it is also holding back spending growth.
Those per person amounted to 1187 PLN last year, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7%.
This is the first time this has happened since 2013.
Spending per person increased by 1.9% in real terms in 2017 and by 4.3% in 2016.
Household budget surveys suggest that a statistical household now spends 70.1% of its disposable income, compared to 80% in 2014 and 90% by 2006.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a see-through blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed show of the "Patrizia Pepe" brand.
Unfortunately, her styling was not successful.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is married to sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in activities for women, for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, talks and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in public relations with companies such as PZU, Red Bull, and Bayer.
As a journalist she worked for TVP1, TVN Style, Wizja Sport and TVP2.
She is the author of the book "Mom and Dad is Us" in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0 to 3 years.
She was involved in many projects that aimed to provide support for active women.
The actions she manages include "Network of Entrepreneurial Women," "Business Women's Lodge," "Association Congress of Women," and "Make Up Buisness."
Privately, she is married to Maciej Kurzajewski, a television presenter and sports journalist.
The marriage produced two sons, Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in a closed show of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Natasza Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also went to the event.
An intimate show could not take place without a wall where the stars boasted about their outfits.
Unfortunately, photojournalists caught a glaring error of Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman wore a white bra under a black shirt, which shone heavily through her.
US: Three aircraft carrier suicides
Three sailors committed suicide last week aboard the USS George H. W. Bush, the U.S. Navy said.
In total, five crew members have been killed in the past two years.
The previous suicide took place in July this year and the previous one in November 2017.
According to CNN, all three sailors shot and killed themselves last week.
Each incident occurred on land when the USS George H. W. Bush was moored off the coast of Virginia.
So far, the involvement of third parties has been ruled out in the case.
Moreover, the deaths are to be unrelated.
"We need everyone to get involved in putting forward suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to stress that there is no stigma or other repercussions associated with seeking help," Captain Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, wrote on Facebook.
He is critical of the pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Lekszycki, Stefan Niesiołowski emphasized that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"In fact, every one of his opinions was accepted."
Later, there was criticism of some of his actions.
"For me, the fact that John Paul II could not abolish Rydzyk's harmful activities casts a great shadow over his pontificate.
After all, this Redemptorist – a pest of the Church and Poland – was developing his media into the best ones during the life of the Polish pope,' he explained.
The former Civic Platform politician admitted: 'there were murmurs of discontent, the pope said something, once Rydzyka did not accept but he had power and as a politician he could simply throw him out of the Church or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji, so that he would collect money for the poor there.
But John Paul II did not do it, neither did his successors”, explained Niesiołowski.
"Besides, there was this fatal issue of pedophilia and the actions of the Church, or rather the lack of them.
I thought a little bit ahead, but I wanted to pay attention to his whole life.
We have known about the scale of pedophilia in the Church for a relatively recent time.
The question arises as to how it is possible that John Paul II, being the head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting matters”, Niesiołowski says in an interview with a journalist.
In the opinion of the former PO politician, the Polish Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
"It must be admitted that during the Solidarity period the Church was our most important ally.
All ceremonies started with mass, with crosses hanging everywhere.
Now these crosses are Pisa, they have become a symbol of dictatorship - a sign of the Pisa regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that such people as Rydzyk are shaking the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing in this matter and that today the Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which he will pay dearly”, argued Niesiołowski.
"I hope that Pope Francis will chase Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few more of this kind," he concluded.
HRUBIESS: County's 590th anniversary celebrations tomorrow
There will be gala concerts and auctions.
The jubilee gala will be held in Hrubieszów House of Culture.
First, at 10 a.m., Mass will begin in St. Nicholas Church.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30 am in HDK.
The Song and Dance Ensemble of Hrubieszowa Land will perform.
The young people from Stanisław Staszic High School will present a performance entitled “Hrubieszów County: Hence my family – here I live”.
The Medal "For Merit to the District of Hrubieszów" will then be awarded.
At 4 p.m. the event will move to the city promenade, where concerts “Hrubieszów charytatywnie dla Angeliki Zińkiewicz” will be held.
Disco polo bands NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and star of the night Mig will perform.
There will be auctions, including the pen and porcelain of the President of the Council of Ministers.
The PBA imposes fines on those in attendance.
Griffin disqualified
The Polish Cup clash between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk did not end tragically when the shot from Wejherowo by the fans missed the opposing team's goalkeeper, Zlatan Alomerović, by millimetres.
The match was then stopped for 20 minutes.
The committee investigating the case imposed a severe punishment on Gryf, excluding him from future games.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020/2021 season.
In addition, fans will not be allowed in the next match at their own stadium.
They will also not be allowed to travel in groups for league matches until 31 December.
The brothels in the Widzew Łódź stadium were also called by the fans of Śląsk Wrocław.
Here, however, the verdict of the Polish Football Association was more lenient, because Silesia warned that similar events could take place and sensitized the relevant authorities in this matter.
Despite this, the servants allowed the sector of Lodz fans to be thrown back, chairs set on fire and the host sector pushed on.
This match was stopped for eight minutes and the intervening police had to use a water cannon.
The Polish Football Association punished Silesia with a one-time stadium ban in the next match in the Polish Cup and forbade the organization of trips to matches in this and next edition of the PP.
The league matches in Ekstraklasa are also banned, but will last until 31 December.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to replace the signage on the whole managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie, an amendment to the regulation of the Ministry of Infrastructure on, among other things, writing the names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish has begun.
For example, "Lviv" will appear next to "L'viv".
In our province the changes will be introduced on 94 road signs set at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it is supposed to be easier, clearer and simpler.
The new guidelines result from an amendment to the Regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety equipment.
"We should remember that place names in neighbouring countries often have a Polish sound as well.
Thanks to a change in the law prepared by us, they will finally appear on the signposts at our roads.
The introduction of new signage begins with the Podkarpackie section of the A4 motorway”, informed Minister of Infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpacie, the changes will be introduced on 94 road signs located at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total cost of investment?
200,000.
As a first step, the new signage will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is planned by November 1st, 2019.
What is the implementation of the idea supposed to look like?
Get around without replacing the boards, on a sticker basis.
They will replace existing place names with new ones, written in Polish on existing signs.
Both names will be written in a single line - first in Polish and then in the original, in brackets.
It will be a great convenience for people who do not know the spelling of foreign city names in the language of the country where they are located.
Feel the game with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announced Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, the world's first haptic-powered headset for Xbox One.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and provides better control over the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company that specialises in creating advanced haptic technologies for a realistic touch-based experience.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and intelligent digital signal processing to generate high-resolution touch feedback in real time, giving you the ability to fully immerse yourself in any game on Xbox One.
The technology recognizes the audio signals and transforms them into dynamic vibrations, allowing players to empathize with the gameplay without having to install additional software.
By using the sense of touch, the sound signals can accurately mimic actions in the game.
The HyperSense Razer recreates events from silent steps to powerful explosions, capturing precisely all activities around the player.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One is designed to bring an extra dimension of gameplay to all players.
With HyperSense, we allow them to completely immerse themselves in their favorite titles," said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President of Peripheral Devices Razer.
The rotary earmuffs are fitted with foam-filled cushions with a shape memory and a layer of cooling gel to limit the heat generated during long-term use.
For even easier operation of the headphones, a quick mute button is placed on the extendable microphone, and the headphones feature a HyperSense intensity regulator and a game-chat balance slider.
The headband, which adapts to the shape of the head, ensures a smooth and precise fit.
In addition, Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One features Xbox Wireless, which allows direct connection to the console without the need for a wireless transceiver, allowing for easy and quick setup.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic for a more realistic sound.
Razer Nari Ultimate, originally intended for PC, debuted in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was priced at €219.99.
Someone shot a swan with an air gun
In a pond in Zameczna in Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan with wing problems.
After catching and visiting the vet, it turned out that someone had set up a target with the animal - a pellet of air gun was found in its body.
"Information about the injured bird was received from the villagers of the Centre for the Rehabilitation of Wild Animals in Nowa Sól.
The report indicated that the animal had broken wings.
We went to the venue.
It was immediately apparent that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely so as not to harm him or put him under additional stress.
The swan was caught and taken to a veterinarian.
After the first photograph of the RTG, it was already known that someone had made it into a shooting shield.
There were shrapnel fragments in his body”, says Marcin Walasek, CEO of Malpol, which manages the rehabilitation centre, among others.
Winter in the resort
"The wounds have been cleaned, the bird has been given antibiotics, access to water, a safe place in the centre where he will spend the whole winter.
We are trying to strengthen it.
It is not yet able to fly.
Releasing him now would mean that he most likely wouldn't survive the winter," Walasek adds.
The staff, having rehabilitated the swan, intend to release him to the same pond in the spring.
After receiving information about the cause of the animal's ill health, the municipal authorities intend to inform the prosecutor's office about the case.
The incident took place in Zameczna
Gowin: "we must boost Polish small trade"
“Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, it will be necessary to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade”, said Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education, Leader of the Agreement Jarosław Gowin on Friday.
During an interview in “Signals of the Day” on Radio Jedynka, Gowin stated that trade is controlled by international networks, which impose such low margins on Polish producers that Polish companies cannot actually grow.
Noting that it is very difficult to fight against this problem, the deputy prime minister reminded that the government of the Law and Justice party tried to face it at the very beginning of its term, but got a 'counter from the EC'.
"We won before the court of justice and I hope that if Unite the Right wins the next election and forms a government, we will return to this topic," he said.
He also noted that "effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish, and therefore small trade."
"This will have to be considered if the government, the state, has any instruments to boost Polish trade," said Gowin.
In May, an EU court found that the European Commission had made a mistake in finding that the Polish retail tax was an illicit public aid.
The Retail Sales Tax Act envisaged the introduction of two rates of trade tax: 0.8 per cent on revenue between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4 per cent on revenue above PLN 170 million per month.
The tax had been in force since September 2016.
In September 2016, the European Commission initiated proceedings for violation of EU law by Poland.
At the time, Brussels argued that the design of the tax could favour smaller shops, which could be considered public aid.
It subsequently concluded that the levy had been implemented in an unlawful manner.
It also ordered the application of the tax to be suspended until officials in Brussels had completed their analysis of the tax.
Poland disagreed, but tax collection was suspended.
The EU court decision in May cleared the way for the tax to be reintroduced, but it did not end the case.
On 24 July, the Commission lodged an appeal with the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the press service of the CJEU told PAP that the case is currently at the written stage, in which both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
It is not yet known whether or when the oral procedure, i.e. the hearing of the parties and a possible hearing, will start.
It takes a good few to several months from appeal to pronounce a verdict.
"This procedure takes an average of one year," a source at the Luxembourg Court told PAP.
How to dress a baby for a baptism?
We suggest some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of an infant and his parents.
It is often the first occasion when the whole family gathers around a child, celebrating his appearance in the world together.
No wonder, then, that the newly minted mum and dad want their little one to look their best on the day.
However, before you too make a final decision on your child's outfit, consider whether it will also be comfortable.
You can find many outfits in stores that do not provide your little one with proper comfort.
So what should you look for?
The basic criterion for choosing clothes for baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, a few-week-old baby was being baptized, secluded in white sets and put in the same barrels or big pillows.
Today, children attending the sacrament are often older: several months, one year old, and even larger.
It is not hard to guess that such a big comfort needs a slightly different clothes for baptism.
Therefore, if your child is 3-4 months old on the day of baptism, the celebration will probably be spent in a pushchair or in the hands of parents or godparents.
The best way forward will be to decorate it in comfortable cotton sleepers or sets.
Although this item of clothing is considered a daily item, just look for its festive variants, such as frill or lace.
For a boy, a bodysuit with a print of a bow tie and suspenders will be perfect.
For older children, you can afford to be more fantasy about clothing.
The little girl will look lovely in a simple tulle dress
Many of the girls' parents look longingly towards the richly decorated frilled dresses for the christening complete with coats, headbands and hats.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-breathable materials in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
When looking for suitable clothes, you'd better check out the Asanti for Kids store, which offers elegant outfits with cotton lining.
Delicate tulle skirts, satin dresses, lace, appliques and cute ensembles will make your baby girl look lovely and feel comfortable.
The perfect dress for a little gentleman: a cotton suit
Until recently, parents of boys used to fashion suits that were copies of "adult" models.
Polyester blazers and trousers, stiff collars or knuckle dusters often made the young elegant demonstrate their dissatisfaction loudly.
Today, fortunately, they have been supplanted by comfortable, cotton ensembles.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for Kids, which are soft, tracksuit shorts, and a blouse emblazoned on the front to resemble a vest.
These costumes look extremely festive, and at the same time do not restrict movements exploring the world of a toddler.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published a financial statement
Krystyna Pawłowicz made a financial statement at the end of her term.
It says that the MP of the Law and Justice party accumulated 110 thousand zlotys of savings.
Recall that Pawłowicz announced her retirement from politics.
At the end of his term of office, he has the amount of 110 thousand zlotys.
According to the statement made by the deputy, she draws a pension with a monthly value of PLN 4,700.
Pavlovich owns an apartment worth 570 thousand zlotys and a slightly smaller one, which he rents, charging 880 zlotys a month.
The deputy also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at PLN 150,000.
Earlier, Jarosław Kaczyński had also published a financial statement.
Conservative Party Conference recess vote
British MPs voted against a three-day recess in the House of Commons for the duration of the Conservative Party's annual policy conference, as requested by the government.
The vote was 289 in favour, 306 against.
It is customary for the House of Commons not to meet at party conferences, so that MPs do not have to resign from attending them or from parliamentary meetings.
However, opposition parties decided that, at such a crucial time as the last few weeks before the UK's departure from the European Union on 31 October, Parliament should not interrupt the proceedings.
There were 289 votes in favour of the motion, 306 against.
Two opposition parties after the conventions
Failure to allow the recess to take place can be seen as political revenge against Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend Parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday the decision was declared illegal and not legal by the Supreme Court) and for refusing to apologise for it following a ruling by judges.
Following the ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday, with the highlight of the day being Mr Johnson's speech and the heated debate that followed.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding early elections.
"It is time to deliver on Brexit.
It has to be implemented in order to respect the result of the referendum.
Brexit must come so that we can deal with the agreement on citizens' priorities, on health care, on the cost of living.
Brexit must be realised so that we can unite the country", said Johnson.
The Conservative Party conference is due to start in Manchester next Sunday and run until Wednesday 2 October.
The conferences of the two main opposition parties, the Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats, have already taken place.
One of the justifications given by Johnson when explaining such a long suspension of parliament was party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
"President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders," writes foreign media.
The president's spokesman strongly denied these reports.
"This is simply not true," tweeted Blazej Spychalski.
Israeli media, including Haaretz and the Jerusalem Post, citing Jewish Insider, write that Andrzej Duda, during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora at the Polish consulate in New York, declared that Israel was to blame for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said that the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland is a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to the words of Israeli Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who stated in February that "Poles have sucked up anti-Semitism with their mothers' milk."
Andrzej Duda said he regretted that Israel had not apologised for the humiliating statements made by its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression against the Polish ambassador in Israel, Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by an attacker who shouted "Pole, Pole".
"A quote is not only inaccurate.
This is simply not true," tweeted Blazej Spychalski.
He stressed that Duda "never said Israel was responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
According to Spychalski, the website "invented it."
According to "JI" interviewees, the meeting was also marked by a dispute between Holocaust survivor Edward Mosberg, a Commander of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland, and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg is said to have agreed with President Duda's words and said that Jews from Israel "such as Israel Katz" are responsible for the rise in anti-Semitism.
According to Boteach's source, he interrupted Mosberg's remarks.
Who is Banas and what is at fault?
The tenement rented by the suitors led the journalist to discover the negligence in Marian Banasi's property declarations.
We conclude another scandal that has shaken the ruling camp.
Journalists from TVN's "Superwizjera" revealed that Marian Banaś, the chairman of the Supreme Chamber of Control, had not written to the financial statement of the 400-square-metre house, which is located in Kraków's Podgórze, in recent years.
What's more, his sub-tenant was supposed to run the sexbiznes in the aforementioned tenement house (and thus rent rooms for hours).
In turn, the building itself was allegedly collateral against the repayment of the loan since 2016.
This was noted by Bertold Kittel in the program "Supervisor".
The journalist revealed that the tenement was rented from Banasi by people connected to the criminal world to use as a place for "erotic encounters."
The clients were supposed to be men using prostitutes.
Banas responded vaguely and muddledly to the allegations.
Interestingly, the tenement rented by the suzerains led the journalist to discover negligence in Banasi's property statements.
The house itself was described vaguely, and its rental income was said to be undervalued.
"The assets of Marian Banasi and his wife may be worth between PLN 6 million and PLN 8 million.
In total, the couple boasts two houses, three apartments, savings[...]”, writes Money.pl.
And according to the analysis of the portal, the Banasia townhouse alone was already worth about PLN 3 million.
The Central Anti-Corruption Bureau is currently reviewing Marian Banasi's financial statements for the period 2015-2019.
Banaś announced that until its completion he would suspend his activities at the Supreme Chamber of Control. “I will apply to the Marshal for a leave of absence”, he assured.
The opposition demands an explanation.
"We do not hear CBA expanding its investigation or stepping up its investigation of Marian Banasi's financial statements.
Therefore, we are forced to hand over the organs of the state and give notice of the possibility of committing a crime [...]”- said the MP of PO-KO Mariusz Witczak.
"If a normal Pole so grossly low-priced the rental of his properties, he would already have 10 inspections, plus tax and criminal-fiscal proceedings," he added.
He went high, fell low
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Chamber of Control.
He was appointed to that position on 30 August 2019, for a six-year term.
His candidacy was submitted by the Law and Justice party and accepted by the votes of the politicians of the party.
Before that, Banaś was associated with the National Control Chamber in 1992-2005, he was active in this institution as an associate of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first government of PiS (2005-2008) Banaś held the position of the president of the Customs Service, and also undersecretary of state in the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015, he has again sat on the chair of the head of the Customs Service, and since 2017 he has managed the National Revenue Administration.
Banas served as Minister of Finance in Mateusz Morawiecki's government for three months.
Cooler Master launches video card holder
Graphics cards can currently weigh quite a lot, and this naturally makes room for the category of products that would be in vain to find on store shelves a decade ago.
This solution - the ELV8 RGB graphics card holder - was presented by Cooler Master.
The new graphics card holder model is not just a functional solution that allows you to maintain your graphics card more reliably without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-express slot.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task - decorative.
"The police officer's order to ignore the police officer's order will be punished"
According to the paper, disregarding an order for certain behaviour issued by a police officer is to be a new type of offence, punishable by a fine, arrest or restriction of liberty.
Police unionists want to introduce such a change.
The idea was submitted to the Parliamentary Committee on Petitions.
"The case is serious, because already every year more than half a million misdemeanor cases come to Polish courts," it reads.
Rzeczpospolita found that a petition which the Independent Police Trade Union is writing to MPs on amending the Code of Offences has a chance of success.
The petitioners propose a new wording of Article 54a of the Offences Code.
It would read: "Anyone who fails to comply with the demand or order of a public official, issued within the limits and pursuant to the provisions of the Act, shall be punished by arrest, fine or restriction of liberty."
"Para. 3 of this provision speaks of identical punishment for those who, by not following orders, will prevent or hinder the performance of official duties," the daily says.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told Rzeczpospolita that although he agreed with the main thrust of the rule proposal, he feared that if implemented, it could be used in matters of political manifestation.
"In situations of freedom demonstrations, this would be unfavorable and instead of mitigating the situation, it would exacerbate it," he adds.
Statistics reported by the newspaper show that 86% of citizens have a positive view of police interventions in 2018 and that 1.5 million interventions are made by the services every month in the city.
Buras worries about Europe
Jáchym Topol has writing in his blood.
His ancestors include editors, translators, and writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important Czech post-war playwrights, now named in a row with Václav Havel.
From the beginning, the curse of talent hung over Jáchym, which he tries to exploit.
After eight years, he returned with a "Vulnerable Man."
The protagonists are Buras and Soňa with their two sons, who, however, do not form a typical Czech family.
They are itinerant actors and travel around Europe.
He's a Shakespeare lover and a thief, she's a one-eyed translator who doesn't part with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys did not make a sound from birth, and for the other, time stopped in infancy.
But it is not the characters that are most important in this story.
All of them are merely a background for observing a world in which there is no longer room for artistic nomads.
It is the world of a clogged province, a society of old, suspicious people and dissolute youth.
The “Sensitive Man” turns into absurd theatrics in places.
The narrative imitates the didaskali, and the characters' conversations create this world.
The scene is a Europe full of fears about its future, but also constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancels 105 flights due to Thomas Cook bankruptcy
Although British travel agent Thomas Cook has collapsed, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann is functioning.
However, the company has problems.
According to VRT, Brussels Airlines announced that it would cancel 105 flights in October due to problems related to the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook.
Neckermann also laid off 75 employees.
All trips with the agency that have been booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but holidaymakers will be able to get a refund.
The Ghent Court also declared bankruptcy for the three Belgian subsidiaries Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, around 12,000 Belgians are abroad on trips bought from Thomas Cook.
Another 40,000 people were expected to leave by the end of the year.
Later on Monday, Thomas Cook Belgium spokeswoman Leen Segers said that the company was now "fully operational" despite the British parent company's bankruptcy filing, which caused concern among employees and customers.
The bureau was reassured that customers who bought trips there would go on holiday.
Thomas Cook – the oldest and one of the largest travel agents in the world – filed for bankruptcy on Sunday night.
The immediate cause of the bankruptcy was the collapse of last-ditch talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
Creditors demanded that in addition to the £900m rescue plan agreed in August, the company should win an extra £200m as collateral for the winter, when travel agents tend to have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems had been mounting for several years, resulting in a debt of £1.6bn.
Michael Kubiak after the match against Slovenia (1-3).
"I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
We played very poorly.
This tournament is not over yet for us”, said Polish volleyball team captain Michał Kubiak after their 3-1 defeat to Slovenia in the semi-finals of the European Championship.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for your opinion
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion – this is the unusual offer prepared by German Görlitz for newcomers.
The measures are intended to help combat the ongoing decline in the city's population.
Görlitz is Germany's easternmost city.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140,000 tourists every year.
However, according to The Guardian, the city is facing significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also facing a steady decline in population.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them moved to the west of the country, resulting in a 25% decline in the city's population.
In 2013, it had a population of 54,000.
In order to combat the depopulation, officials came up with the idea to start offering free monthly accommodation in the city.
So far the programme has received 150 applications.
Two thirds of them were made up of people living in large cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom were also interested in the programme.
"When we applied, we thought the programme was to convince people to move to Görlitz," said one project participant.
"Now we feel it doesn't matter if we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has seven thousand vacant apartments, and unemployment is three times higher than the national average.
Although the city authorities hope that some will move permanently, the main aim of the program is to get the opinions of the participants.
The information gathered from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revive smaller German cities.
"We want to know more about what people need and, if they decide to move, what their motivation was," said Robert Knippschild, who is responsible for the program.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents by offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals to live and work in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy, or in the American state of Tulsa, Oklahoma.
