Father Joseph Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He is a charismatic.
The Holy Masses celebrated by him for release and healing attract crowds.
He was several years old when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, through the Franciscan, others experience it.
Holy Masses celebrated by Fr Witko for release and healing attract crowds
Once the parents of a 7-month-old child came to him, who had a 7.5 mm hole in his heart.
It was to be operated on.
Father Józef Witko prayed over him.
On the same day, the boy was taken to the hospital for surgery.
Astonished doctors ruled: "Surgery is not needed, the loss is only 1.5 mm."
His parents cried with happiness.
After another prayer, the Franciscan hole disappeared completely.
The clergyman's extraordinary actions of the Creator began to experience as a teenager.
In his dreams, souls of purgatory came to him asking for help.
I was awakened at night and urged to pray for the dead and those who died at the moment, "he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what happens to a man who commits mortal sin.
"My body started to change.
I lost human characteristics and started to take on the appearance of an animal, "he says.
The invisible force lifted him up, he could not extract his voice.
He felt he was lost.
Then God pointed to his rescue.
"Immersed in the waters of the river symbolizing holy baptism, I was released and returned to human form...," he says.
He did not speak to anyone about these strange experiences.
His vocation matured.
He was 16 years old when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons he wanted not only to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience Him alive.
Members of the charismatic community of Renewal in the Holy Spirit
Masses for healing celebrated by Father Witko are attended by many people who hope to get rid of the disease.
The priest emphasizes, however, that their main purpose is spiritual healing, not bodily healing.
Kolping's first defeat FRAC Jarosław
Today (26 September this year) afternoon Kolping FRAC team deservedly succumbed to the current Polish champion Dartom Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki as part of the 3rd round of LOTTO Superliga Table Tennis.
The Yaroslavs, in such a personal combination as they presented with grodziszczany, have little chance of winning against the sovereigns of the league.
He clearly showed this duel with Dartom Bogoria.
The team's leader, Chen Jingqi, is still missing.
Perhaps with him, the Yaroslavs would reach their third consecutive triumph in the new season.
Young Asian Qiyao Han probably has not yet grown up to win against such dozens as the Greek Panagiotis Gionis or the Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most promising Poles, that is, Marek Badowski.
The player from Hellada was the biggest star of the match in the MOSiR hall at Sikorskiego Street in Jarosław.
Both in the clash with Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei was a class for himself.
After three matches, Kolping FRAC led 2-1.
Kou Lei probably beat Marek Badowski, and Daniel Górak after a thrilling, five-set battle - Pavel Siruck.
Then, however, it was worse.
Gionis did not give Lea a chance.
One could still hope to win by two points, but Qiyao Han did not meet Badowski.
There will be no additional tests for seniors.
Why?
According to Rafał Trzaskowski's announcements, a program of free preventive tests for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented because it has not been approved by the Ministry of Health and its subordinate Agency for Health Technology Protection and Tariff System.
In the justification, the agency explained that the target group was poorly selected.
"The above actions may even result in the detection of individual disease units, which may contribute to the deepening of difficulties in accessing NHF services and negatively affect the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with a false positive test result," it says.
The decision of the ministry does not understand the president of the capital.
"The money is ours, we have provided the money for it.
Only the government is afraid that if people examine themselves, they will go to the doctor later, which is absurd, because it is precisely about bringing about a situation in which prevention can be done more quickly.
All specialists know that this helps when it comes to the burden on the health system, because it helps in the rapid detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand, "said Rafał Trzaskowski.
"It is hard for me to imagine that expert specialists say: Let's not examine ourselves, because there will be longer queues at the doctor, and if such specialists advise the government, I am not surprised that the health service is in such a state," added the Civic Platform politician.
Palestine answers Israel: We will break all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas announced at a session of the UN General Assembly on Thursday that he would break all agreements reached with Israel if the country's future government tried to meet Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement to annex occupied Palestinian lands.
"If the future government of Israel, which will be formed, proceeds to implement this plan, we will cancel all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made," he announced.
"We will reject the whole plan completely and completely," Abbas threatened with pressure.
"It is our duty to defend all our rights by all possible means - little matter what the consequences will be - by committing ourselves completely to the application of international law and to the fight against terrorism," declared the President of the Palestinian Authority, who had already made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, the former Prime Minister of Israel, was again given a mission to form a government after the September 17 elections.
A week before the election, he announced that if he won, he would announce the annexation of the Jordan Valley and incorporate all Jewish settlements throughout the West Bank into Israel.
In the early 1990s, Israel and the Palestinians, led by Yasser Arafat, signed a series of peace agreements under the patronage of the United States.
The 84-year-old Abbas also promised during the session of the UN General Assembly to hold general elections on Palestinian soil.
The last one took place in 2006.
"After returning home, I will convene local elections in the West Bank, Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem, and all those who oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community," the Palestinian president solemnly declared.
Abbas also defended in his speech the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the United Nations, to exercise the powers of "full members of the United Nations and all its bodies and institutions."
The Palestinian leader concluded his speech with a call to the international community to "force Israel to comply with the provisions of the United Nations in all respect."
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas' speech, declaring that the Palestinian leader "prefers to focus at the UN on the Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel rather than fight against calls for terrorism in the Autonomy under his leadership."
Danon, as the agencies note, did not refer to Netanyahu's announced annexation of occupied Palestinian lands.
Rescuers want defibrillators in sensitive points of Przemyśl
The history of the border crossing shows that an automatic AED defibrillator can save human lives.
The Voivodeship Ambulance Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be placed in sensitive points of the city.
For their attitude, the officers received congratulatory diplomas from the Provincial Ambulance Station in Przemyśl.
Applicant Daniel Cyrnek, senior trainee Grzegorz Bal and commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Podkarpackie Tax Customs Office in Przemyśl.
On 28 August they were on duty at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medyka. An officer of the Customs and Tax Service noticed a man lying unconscious in the pedestrian zone.
A Chinese activist died in custody as a result of torture.
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Constitution
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, called the Communist Party secretary from her home village on 23 September to announce that her husband had just died at a military hospital in Hengyang.
The cause of death was not revealed.
In the morgue, Cao saw her husband's body massacred, unrecognizable.
"His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were all in his blood," the woman says.
"They didn't let me take my cell with me, and there were a lot of policemen around who couldn't get close to Wang."
Police pressed her to sign a statement that her husband was seriously ill and died as a result of an "unfortunate accident."
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million of funding will go to companies from the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
On Friday, the National Centre for Research and Development announced the results of the third edition of GameINN.
Among the nearly 30 projects supported by the National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR) were the development of a platform for developing field games based on an AR game engine creating a map of the real world with an application enabling the transfer of data by users; a test and training platform for verifying practical skills in the workplace and professional development using VR and AI technologies; an innovative game simulating the management of real production processes using an innovative gameplay model based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the concept of Industry 4.0 - reported the NCBR release sent to PAP on Friday.
The aim of the GameINN sector programme is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish sector of video game producers on the global market in the perspective of 2023.
According to the National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR), the Polish video game sector is already growing at an annual rate of 10%.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 amounted to PLN 1.85 billion, and the forecast for 2019 was 2.23 billion.
"The specially prepared GameINN research agenda and already reaching PLN 300 million support for entrepreneurs under this sector program constitute a significant impetus for further, dynamic growth of the Polish gamedev," reads the release.
The video game industry is an excellent example of effective use of the potential at our disposal in Poland.
"The incentives introduced by the government for entrepreneurs focusing on innovation, such as R & D relief, competence improvement programmes, IP box or support programmes implemented by the National Centre for Research and Development (NCBR) drive innovative activities of companies and allow them to compete more effectively in a very competitive market," says Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the release.
The head of the Ministry of Science points out that money for innovation not only goes to innovators in the form of financing projects, but also stays in their pockets - three quarters more entrepreneurs benefited from R & D relief in 2018 than a year earlier.
"The amount of deducted costs concerning R & D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in over PLN 300 million in savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is the equivalent of the support provided by the NCBR in three editions of GameINN, "emphasizes the Deputy Prime Minister.
The Director of the National Centre for Research and Development, Dr. Wojciech Kamieniecki, reminds that 78 innovative projects were awarded in two previous competitions with a total value of over PLN 211.2 million.
The huge interest in the 3rd competition and the variety of applications submitted show that the video game industry has ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
"It is particularly pleasing that among the selected projects - as in previous editions - there are projects concerning solutions not only for entertainment, but also related to industry 4.0," he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding of up to PLN 20 million.
The NCBR received 87 applications for the total amount of co-financing approx. PLN 317 million.
The budget of the competition at the time of the announcement of the competition was PLN 100 million, but was increased, thanks to which 27 projects were awarded almost PLN 105 million in funding.
Detailed information about the results of the 3rd GameINN competition is available at ncbr.gov.pl.
The GameINN sector programme is implemented under the Smart Growth Operational Programme.
NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to the initiative of entrepreneurs associated in the Polish Games Agreement, which includes such companies as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga pleaded guilty to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident occurred on 16 September.
Dolberg, who arrived in Nice from Ajax at the end of August, realized after training that his watch had disappeared from the dressing room.
Not just any, because it is worth EUR 70 000.
An angry Danish man did not attend classes the next day, explaining his stomach problems.
The matter was mysterious from the beginning.
Footballers in the locker room have private safes at their disposal and the club area is monitored.
According to AFP, Diaby-Fadiga eventually confessed to the theft.
The 18-year-old has already apologized to Dolberg and other teammates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised to return the money for his watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most promising players of the young generation in France.
He moved to Nice as a 13-year-old and made his debut for the first team three years later.
He appeared in seven games this season.
He recently signed a professional contract, but - according to the newspaper L'Equipe - the club will probably terminate him with immediate effect.
For the time being, he initiated disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, refuses to comment on the matter.
Make sure you wash your hands well
We all know that they need to be washed (e.g. after coming home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that in order to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it in the right way.
This is important especially now that autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
And most of us wash them shorter!
Hot water and ordinary soap are enough - it is not true that it must be antibacterial (many doctors even advise against it).
Washing, rubbing not only the bottoms and tops of the hand, but also: the tips of the fingers (joined or individually) - rub them with circular movements about the inside of the other hand, the spaces between the fingers (interweave your hands, rubbing your fingers against each other), thumbs - each thumb is covered with the other hand and in such an embrace we spin it a moment to the right and left.
In an emergency situation (when you cannot wash your hands) we should wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief and then use an antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from PLN 5).
After using the public toilet, do not touch handles or doors washed with your hands (recommendation of the Chief Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them through a paper towel.
Iranian President says he rejected proposal for talks with US, Donald Trump denies
Tehran did not enter into talks with the American side during the UN General Assembly in New York, despite the American offer to lift sanctions, Iranian President Hassan Rowhani said on Friday.
US President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side that asked for the restrictions to be lifted, which he did not agree to.
According to Iranian President Hassan Rowhani, the Americans proposed lifting all sanctions imposed on Tehran in exchange for negotiations on a new international agreement.
It would regulate both Iran's nuclear program and its ballistic missile program.
Rowhani: Iran will not engage in maximum pressure talks
The Iranian president stated that he did not agree to these talks because of the "toxic atmosphere."
He stated that he met with American diplomats because he succumbed to the urging of France, Germany and Great Britain.
He stressed, however, that Iran would not engage in talks in an atmosphere of "maximum pressure."
"Even if we want to negotiate with the Americans in the 5 + 1 format, nobody can predict what the end result will be," Rowhani said.
A day earlier, the Iranian leader said he did not rule out talks with the US, and the European parties to the nuclear agreement accused him of favouring US sanctions on Iran.
He added that the sanctions imposed on Iran after the US withdrawal from the nuclear agreement "are a precondition that does not allow" the establishment of dialogue.
If we can lift this precondition and if America lifts sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America, "he declared.
He added that he did not rule out meeting with US President Donald Trump, despite the fact that he did not agree to such a conversation last week during the UN General Assembly.
Trump: "Iran asked, I said no"
Donald Trump tweeted that he had rejected the Iranian request.
"Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them so that we could meet.
Of course, I said 'no!' vetoed the US President.
Tension with nuclear agreement in the background
France, Germany and the United Kingdom are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran in some form to save the 2015 agreement with Iran, of which they were signatories.
It stated that in return for the lifting of economic sanctions, Iran would abandon its nuclear weapons programme and put the nuclear sector under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the US withdrawal from the agreement in May 2015, the remaining signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in force.
Nothing has come of it yet.
Washington is using tactics to exert maximum pressure on Iran, and sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran has announced that if it does not receive a permit to export raw materials, it will limit its obligations under the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESS: Cabaret pod Wyrwigrosz
We have tickets for you!
The cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will perform on 6 October at 4 p.m. in Hrubieszów House of Culture.
The cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will present a program entitled "Tra ta ta ta."
There will be talks about pop-up drinks and about Toruń geothermia.
Tickets are for 60 PLN, they can be purchased in HDK, as well as on the website biletowakasa.pl.
For TZ readers we have free tickets.
How to get them, check our Facebook profile.
A judge of the Provincial Administrative Court in Warsaw and the husband of hejterka Emilia, who - according to her words and screenshots from WhatsApp - participated in stalking against the judges, was reinstated on Wednesday by the Supreme Administrative Court.
The reason: disciplinary proceedings have not been initiated against him, so there is no basis for upholding the order of the president of the Provincial Administrative Court Wojciech Mazur to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a disciplinary spokesman at the Supreme Administrative Court, opened an investigation against Szmydt at the end of August, but it has not yet turned into proceedings against him.
Although the Supreme Administrative Court, which in such cases acts as a disciplinary court, must deal with the decision of the president of the Provincial Administrative Court within one month of its issuance.
In this situation, the judge, who publicly talked about his wife's mental problems in order to discredit her, who due to suspicions of participating in the hejter group was removed from the office of the National Court Register, will return to adjudication and will pass judgments on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his involvement in the hejter group.
He claims that there is no evidence of this except falsified screenshots and the words of his wife, with whom he is divorced.
Exactly the same is claimed by the other judges associated with 'Caste': everyone is innocent, there is no evidence.
And quite possibly they will bet on their own.
Because the prosecution did not nodd its finger to secure evidence from their electronic media, it is also silent about the contents of the phone of Emilia Szmydt, who stopped the phone in June in another case.
The police did not nodd their finger to secure the devices of people whom Judge Waldemar Żurek pointed out as persecutors in a February report.
There is no evidence - there is no Szmydt case, there is no "Caste" case.
There is also no case of the head of NIK Marian Banasia about renting a tenement house to pimps and hiding income.
CBA checks his property declarations.
And he will check when he checks.
Whereas the Committee on Parliamentary Ethics will not deal with Banas, because the Sejm is suspended (but the Committee of State Control somehow met to make a bizarre decision to dismiss Banasia's deputies and appoint him as acting lawyer, although the law does not provide for such a strange combination).
The whole thing reminds me of a film novella, American probably, about how the wife comes home and finds her husband with her lover in bed.
She is so amazed and devastated that she cannot choke out a word.
She stands in the door speechless, and during this time her lover quickly jumps out of bed, dresses and leaves.
And the husband cuts the bed.
When the wife regains her voice and shouts: what is it supposed to be?
Who is this woman?
Her husband calmly asks: what kind of woman, darling?
Only that in the case of "Caste" or Banasia there is a parody of the state.
And that's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Conclusion of an agreement with the auditor for the audit of financial statements for 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S.A. informs that on 27 September 2019 it signed an agreement with Premium Audyt Spółka z o.o. with its registered office in Poznań at ul. Czartoria 1 / 1, entered under the number KRS 0000540136 in the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court of Poznań - Nowe Miasto i Wilda in Poznań, VIII Commercial Division of the National Court Register, entered on the list of entities authorized to audit financial statements under number 3992.
The subject of the agreement is the audit of the financial statements of Maxipizza S.A. for the following financial years: a. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, c. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in the high jump final
Earlier this season, returning to competition after the maternity break, the bronze medalist at the 2017 World Championships in London, in the first attempt she beat 1.85 and 1.89 and in the second attempt 1.92.
He finished with 1.94 seconds left in the third round.
"I am pleased.
I showed that I could fight because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I will have to jump better technically, "Lićwinko admitted in front of the Eurosport camera.
Vashti Cunningham of the United States and Karyna Demidik of Belarus finished 1.94 seconds behind.
Both players were the only ones not to shoot any heights.
The women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
Beginning at 7: 30 p.m.
Kornel Morawiecki is in hospital in a serious condition
He was taken to hospital and doctors describe his condition as severe.
It must be added that he is conscious and aware.
"We believe that he will come out of it, that he will win again.
We all pray that he will recover, "said an anonymous close person of Kornel Morawiecki in an interview with journalists of" Super Express. "
In the upcoming elections, the Prime Minister's father is running for the Senate.
"My immediate family and politics keep me alive," said Kornel Morawiecki in an interview he gave to journalists of the "Super Express" two weeks ago.
In January, Super Express reported that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki was examined at the Military Hospital in Wrocław.
"I experienced strange, disturbing symptoms and reported to the hospital.
It turned out that I had jaundice.
But the worst thing was before me.
When a CT scan was performed, it was stated that I had pancreatic cancer..., "said the Prime Minister's father.
A few days later, in the hospital of the Ministry of Interior and Administration in Warsaw, Kornel Morawiecki underwent a major operation.
As Morawiecki said, president Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain priest Zbigniew Kras to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and was successful.
"I know that many people have prayed for me, for which I thank you very much.
Fortunately, I have no metastasis.
I do not yet know if I will undergo chemotherapy.
I put myself in the hands of specialist doctors who are rather good thoughts.
For now, after this difficult operation, I have to return to some state of use.
I hope that everything will be fine, "said Kornel Morawiecki in an interview with" SE "in January.
"If I had undergone an examination too late, the situation would have been tragic and I would have said goodbye to it...," he added.
14-year-old disappeared
Officers from the Municipal Police Headquarters in Krakow are looking for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact us.
She disappeared on the evening of 26 September and has not yet returned or made contact with her relatives.
She was last seen at Stary Gościniec Street in Kraków.
Nel Stokłosa is 14 years old, 167 cm tall, has blonde hair and grey blue eyes.
When she was last seen, she was dressed in a sweatshirt, grey trousers and shoes.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact police at 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The Power of Oława Jumps.
The title of coverage of amateur sports competitions, held on the Sunday afternoon of 15 September on the hippodrome at Oleandry Street in Oława, may be misleading for some.
The road to true power is far away, but this is what one of the types of horse rivalry is called...
The power of jumping competition consists in overcoming higher and higher obstacles by the rider and horse, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed even two meters.
It is worth mentioning that the long-standing and still unbeaten world record, set in 1949 by the Chilean Albert Larraguibel, on horse "Huaso," is 247 cm.
Of course, nobody jumped so high in Oława, but the result of the best local amazons at the level of 135 cm is also not the worst...
The competition organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other activists of JKS "W siodle," constituted a demonstration part of the slightly earlier "Rainbow equestrian competition," about which we write more broadly in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight amazons entered the competition, training horse riding in Oława JKS.
Four competed on squatting and four on large horses.
In the first group the best performed was Nikola Szołdra, riding the crazy "Sprinter."
This small but very dynamic steed started by overcoming obstacles spread at a height of 40 cm, and finished only at the station with the upper beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not surrender easily and only after three consecutive refusals was he removed from the competition by the jury.
Second place in pony jumping was taken by Amelia Pawlak, riding "Famy," and third by Lena Boruń on "Harmider."
Ambitiously fought the youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, galloping and jumping over obstacles on the little mare "Carmen."
Even greater emotions accompanied the starting amazons and spectators during the competition with the participation of large horses.
Dangerous looking falls included Paulina Szewczyk, riding the "Declaration" and Anastasia Abramenko, who was riding on "Lotka."
Fortunately, apart from minor bruises, nothing bad happened to the amazons or horses, so they continued to participate in the competition.
A lot of problems with introducing the young mare "Wineta" to the parkur had Weronika Łuczkiewicz riding her.
You needed either an assistance from a trainer or another horse for a couple, behind which a little crazy "Wineta" slipped.
After passing the obstacle from the parkour she also went full shaft, so at times in the boxes and on the expansion plant it was dangerous. "Everything is under control!," reassured Jan Sienkiewicz a little frightened spectators, especially the youngest ones.
From the beginning of the competition big horses did a great job on the parkour Marta Masalska, sitting down beautifully presenting "Whisky."
This dignified mare, paired with an experienced amazon, after the second attempt in the final stage was the first to jump 135 cm and it was the best result of the competition at that moment.
After a while, however, the same height was also included by Paulina Szewczyk on "Declaration," Weronika Łuczkiewicz on "Wineta" and Anastasia Abramenko on "Lotka."
To decorate the flo and after receiving prizes in the form of equestrian equipment all these competitors left together, and finally together with the amazons on the ponies in the tact of Radecki's march made an impressive round of honour, ending it with these interesting and exciting competitions.
Thanks
Equestrian Sports Club "W Siodle" would like to thank the sponsors of the powerful jump competition during the 16th "Rainbow Equestrian Competition": the Municipal Office in Oława, the Water Supply and Sewerage Plant in Oława, the District Office and the company "Mustang."
Max Kolonko cuts himself off from KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko
KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko is the name of the electoral committee under which the political formation # R Revolution of Mariusz Max Kolonka was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution directed its proposal especially to young voters with right-wing views.
Before the election Kolonko announced cooperation with Marek Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions took place, and KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko himself did not even manage to collect enough signatures to issue lists in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko announced on Twitter that he has ended his cooperation with KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko.
"I will expect the above-mentioned KWW to remove my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to connect my person with the above-mentioned entity, "he added and announced that more information will be provided soon.
It is not yet known whether the journalist will continue his activities, or whether this is the end of the # R Revolution formation.
On July 4, American Independence Day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko announced the creation of a new political formation - # R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko has become famous for hosting the Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
"We have had enough of politicians, enough of your foolish games, enough of your amateur governments.
It is time for the authorities in the country to take over the Nation and rule for the good of the Nation, "Kolonko said then.
The party's agenda included issues concerning the judiciary (it should be elected in general elections), tax changes (equating the tax-free amount for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid to the countries of the eastern flank of NATO, with particular emphasis on Poland), holding a referendum on gun ownership, limiting the number of deputies or introducing single-member constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of the new political formation, Mariusz Max Kolonko entered talks with Marek Jakubiak.
At the end of July, Kolonko posted on his social media page suggesting that # R would join forces with the Kukiz '15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions ultimately happened.
UBS: Gold close to equilibrium point
"The euro exchange rate will remain around the ceiling of PLN 4.35 in the coming months, accompanied by a weak economic situation in global markets," announces Michael Bolliger from UBS Wealth Management.
"Expectations of maintaining a solid pace of economic growth and stable monetary policy speak in favour of stabilization of the zloty at the current ceiling," says the specialist in an interview with Bankier.pl.
In his opinion, despite clear inflationary pressure, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to increase rates in an environment in which the vast majority of central banks soften policy.
"While the zloty is properly valued - the euro quotations should remain around the ceiling of PLN 4.35 in the coming months - according to him, Polish bonds are not very attractive.
Emerging market bonds offer much more favourable yields than Polish securities, "says Michael Bolliger, head of emerging market asset allocation at UBS Wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the downturn in the world.
"The global slowdown may deepen further, but there should be no severe recession, and at most GDP growth slightly below zero," announces Michael Bolliger.
"Investors should underweight global equities, which may be harmed by the lack of prospects for resolving the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risk factors, including the impeachment procedure of Donald Trump and Brexit.
Among equity markets, Europe should behave relatively weakly, "according to a recent letter to investors by UBS Wealth Management Chief Executive Mark Haefele.
"Shares from euro area countries should behave worse than American ones, because they are more susceptible amid heightened uncertainty around global trade and fears of a slowdown," the document reads.
According to Michael Bolliger, after the boom in the bond markets of the safest countries pushed the yields of the German 10-year-old to minus 0.74%, it is still possible to deepen the decline in profitability.
However, in the long term, the profitability of long-term securities should no longer fall, but only short-term securities, thanks to the easing of banks' monetary policy.
The Fed has the biggest room for rate cuts, which should lead to a weakening of the US currency in the coming years.
The long-term equilibrium point for the euro is the ceiling of USD 1.29, which would mean a 19% potential for strengthening the single currency to the dollar.
We expect further Fed rate cuts, which will result in a narrowing of monetary policy differences around the world.
"Current and budget deficits may not allow the dollar to maintain its strength in the long term," announces Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr loses its weapon.
Confidential report of the German Ministry of Defence
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has recorded the disappearance of 39 weapons, 39 weapons parts and 19,445 rounds of ammunition, according to a confidential statement drawn up in the Ministry of Defence of West Germany.
The news was reported by the media group RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the office of the Parliamentary Secretary of State in the Ministry of Defence Peter Tauber (CDU), two weapons, one weapon and 3,474 rounds of ammunition have been re-tracked.
Among the military equipment still missing are six MG3 universal machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic rifles, six signal pistols and two P8 pistols.
In addition, 30 barrels are missing for MG3 machine guns.
Vice-President of the Left Party, Martina Renner, expressed concern about the situation.
As the RND told reporters, the number of missing weapons and ammunition is "alarming."
All the more so because as a result of the investigations, only a small part of the lost equipment was found.
Martina Renner summarized the effects of these actions as a "miserable balance sheet."
In December 2017, the federal prosecutor's office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a serious act of violence threatening state security and violating the provisions of the law governing access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing assassinations against leading German politicians for far-right and racist reasons.
His "blacklist" of targets, which fell into the hands of the prosecutor's office, included the then justice minister Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green party and Anetta Kahane, human rights defender and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung foundation in Berlin.
Franco A. illegally possessed four firearms, more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition and more than 50 explosive devices.
Crying children on the plane.
How to avoid them?
There is a solution
Japan Airlines has recently used a feature designed for people for whom travelling in the company of a crying child is a nightmare.
Through the website, airlines allow you to check the schedule of seats on the aircraft.
If a minor travels to the age of two, the "child icon" appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the opportunity to choose a place away from the one occupied by the toddler.
The BBC reports that the airline has already reported imperfections in this solution.
The "child icon" will not appear when the ticket has been booked by a third party or if the aircraft has been changed at the last minute.
As you might expect, the idea divided Internet users.
Some Twitter users point out that the problem of travelling with crying children can be solved with noise-cancelling headphones.
These are children, we used to be them too.
"We need to learn tolerance, because soon we will need a map of seats for mouth-breathing, drooling or drunks," wrote user G Sundar.
Another internet user noticed that he was once disturbed by crying children on the plane, but changed his mind when he became a parent himself.
Ne also lacks supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"Thank you for warning me against screaming children during the 13-hour journey," wrote Rahat Ahmed.
Majorca counts losses after bankruptcy of travel agency Thomas Cook
More than 25,000 foreign tourists will not arrive on holiday to Majorca in October as a result of the bankruptcy declared on Monday by the travel agency Thomas Cook.
As the representative of the autonomous government of the Balearic Islands, Marc Pons, said on Friday, among the 25,000 holidaymakers who will not be able to take their October holiday in Majorca, there are also people who were supposed to travel with companies indirectly linked to Thomas Cook, such as Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80% of expected holidaymakers who had to give up their holiday in Majorca next month due to the bankruptcy of the British company are citizens of Germany and the Scandinavian countries.
However, according to Pons, due to the fact that Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the Balearic island between November and April, the losses to the local economy will be smaller.
He revealed that the Balearic government had already started negotiations with international operators about "entering the Majorca market" after the bankruptcy of the British operator.
According to estimates by the Diario de Mallorca newspaper, more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs in October due to the tourism crisis in Majorca.
About 800 were made redundant employees of the Thomas Cook office in Palma.
Other people will lose their jobs mainly in the hotel sector.
On Monday, with Thomas Cook declaring bankruptcy in many Majorca hotels, the owners of the properties demanded that guests pay an additional fee for the accommodation.
This situation was experienced, among others, by several dozen tourists from Poland.
The Balearic government estimates that by Thursday, dozens of hotels in Majorca had suspended operations until at least the end of October due to the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook and its cooperating companies.
Friday's Diario de Ibiza newspaper indicates that the majority of hotels operating in Ibiza that have worked with the Thomas Cook group do not intend to close outlets in the coming weeks.
The newspaper reminds us that on this Balearic island the British bankrupt cooperated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the autonomous Balearic authorities announced that they would ask the Spanish government to support the region with €100 million to cover the losses caused by the declaration of bankruptcy by the travel agency Thomas Cook.
They revealed that the largest number of tourists affected in the archipelago, about 36,000 people, are in Majorca.
According to data from the Balearic government, Thomas Cook is in arrears with local tourism companies, mainly hotel operators, for the implementation of contracts for the July-September 2019 period of approximately €5 million.
FIFA Women's Rankings.
Poland still in 29th place, USA at the helm
The Polish women's national team is ranked 29th in the International Football Federation (FIFA) rankings published on Friday.
In the same position, the team of coach Miłosz Stępiński was classified in the previous July ranking.
Poor matches.
How will it be in October?
The leaders were the Americans, who recently defended their world title.
Germany retained second place in the ranking, while the Netherlands remained third.
Polish women are preparing for ME qualification.
They were scheduled to start their away match against Czech Republic on 3 September.
The day before the meeting, it was postponed by one year due to food poisoning.
In this situation, Polish women will inaugurate their qualifications with a meeting with Spanish women on 12 November in Lublin.
Earlier, "White and Red" will play two friendly matches - on 3 October away to Cyprus, and five days later in Kielce against Brazil.
The group's rivals are Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The group winners and the top three second-placed teams advance directly to the final tournament.
The remaining six teams from the second position will play in the play-offs for the last three passes to the European Championship.
The rate of 16 participants will be completed by the host - England.
The Polish men's national team in the September FIFA rankings dropped from 20th to 22nd place.
"Rz": Smog crushed the government
"The effects of the Clean Air Programme are slim and coal stoves will kick this winter as if nothing," reads the front page of today's "Rzeczpospolita."
"So far, 82 thousand applications have been submitted under the Clean Air Programme for a total value of PLN 2 billion, of which 48 thousand decisions were positive.
The accepted applications amount to over PLN 915 million, "says" Rz, "citing data from the spokesman of the Minister of the Environment.
As the newspaper points out, only part of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the program.
The results of the announced program are described by the journal as "modest."
Local government officials, quoted by "Rz," see failures of "Clean Air," among others, in too much bureaucracy.
"The program should be much simpler: electronic notification, sending invoices by post, possible random implementation control.
This would improve actions, "says the mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński Jacek Wiśniowski.
Activists from the Polish Smog Alarm note that in the first year of operation less than 1% of the assumed goal of replacing 3 million digging boilers was achieved.
As Rz notes, although the budget of the program is 103 billion zlotys for 10 years, i.e. 10 billion zlotys per year, this amount is virtual.
"The budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management for this year suddenly reserved PLN 1.4 billion," we read.
Congress agrees to F-35 for Poland
Błaszczak: Now price negotiations
The US Congress agreed to sell 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft to Poland.
"This is one of the last steps before concluding the contract, but not the end of our work," wrote Mariusz Błaszczak on Twitter.
"We will negotiate hard to achieve the most favourable price," added the Polish minister.
Agreement for Polish F-35
The Polish Air Force will supply 32 F-35 Lightning II fighters produced by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the US State Department approved their sale to Poland.
The Communication underlines that the investment will support national security and US foreign policy by improving the security of the NATO ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to the State Department, Poland is to pay $6.5 billion for the fighters.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department indicated that the contract will also include the supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, engineering, logistics and personnel services, as well as related elements of logistics and program support and personnel training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters
The F-35 Lightning II is a single-seat and single-engine fifth-generation multi-role fighter.
The aircraft is capable of carrying out close support missions, bombing missions and typically fighter air combat tasks.
Thanks to stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable for close-range radars.
Belgium recently bought F-35 fighters under a $4.55 billion contract.
The Belgians want to replace the ageing F-16.
The purchase of American warplanes is also to be considered by other US allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
The manufacturer Barbie has launched a series of gender-neutral dolls.
In this way he wants to fight stereotypes.
Barbie manufacturer launched a series of gender-neutral dolls
In addition to Barbie with different skin colors, figures or hairstyles, Mattel has launched gender-neutral dolls.
Toys from the "Creatable World" series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie is supposed to have short hair or long.
Their wardrobe consists of both trousers and dresses.
In the blink of an eye, dolls can become boys from girls and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
It was also abandoned to emphasize characteristic sexual characteristics - gender dolls no longer have full mouths, long eyelashes and a slim waist or - in the case of Ken - wide shoulders.
The company believes that children do not like it when their dolls have imposed gender norms, and some parents and feminists are convinced that gender-specific toys inhibit girls' ambitions and reinforce traditional stereotypes.
"The new dolls will allow all children to feel free," Mattel announces.
The Barbie doll, which appeared on the market in 1959 in swimwear and high-heeled shoes, has been repeatedly criticized in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes," such as unnatural body proportions.
The company responded to the criticism and has already launched dolls with different skin colors, as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls in the hijab.
Zandberg: Circle or Club Together may have a dozen deputies
When asked on ZET radio how many candidates of his party could get to the Sejm from the lists of left-wing groups (KW SLD from which the list of candidates for the Sejm of the Democratic Left Alliance, Spring and Left Together, running with the common logo "Left"), Zandberg replied that it depends on the result of the committee.
"I believe that the result of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people hope that the Left is not only right, but also has strength," he noted.
According to Zandberg, the left may have 60-80 deputies.
"This may mean that the circle or club Together will have a dozen deputies.
But it depends on Polish women and Poles.
I will not guess and say how it will happen, "he said.
Asked whether the Left Together would have a separate circle, Zandberg replied: "We are arranged to be diverse, and we will not pretend that there is no diversity.
I think that Poles rewarded this diversity because we showed that by differing, we were able to agree on a common program. "
Asked whether the biggest beneficiary of the joint start was the leader of the Democratic Left Alliance Włodzimierz Czarzasty, Zandberg replied that in his opinion the biggest beneficiaries are centre-left and left-wing voters.
Noting that the Democratic Left Alliance would receive the entire subsidy, he replied that "the purpose of a political party is to represent its voters."
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the elections to the Sejm.
In the case of elections to the Senate, he indicated that he was wondering.
"The offer is diverse and in this offer there are candidates and candidates to whom my heart is closer, but there are also those to whom my heart is further away," he said.
"However, I will say very honestly and clearly that if I were in District 44 of the Senate, I would take an electoral certificate and vote in another district," stressed the politician.
"I don't think I would be tempted to vote for minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO candidate - PAP)," he added.
In this district, apart from Ujazdowski, the leader of Citizens of the Republic of Poland Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from the Law and Justice party start.
Dakar: The largest mosque in West Africa opens
Tens of thousands of people from across Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday for the inauguration of a huge mosque, considered the largest in West Africa.
Muslims arrived by buses, cars and on foot to the Bopp district, where a new mosque was erected, which could hold 30,000 worshippers.
The facility was built by the Mouride Brotherhood, belonging to the Sufi trend of Islam, which dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago in a wetland area of six hectares, donated by the government.
The name of the mosque Massalikul Jinan ("Paths to Paradise") comes from the title of a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the 19th-century founder of the fraternity, revered by followers as a saint.
The mosque is covered with Carrara marble and has five minarets.
The highest point is 78 meters.
The mosque in the middle holds 15,000 worshippers, and the second one can stay on the outer esplanade.
In the richly finished interiors you can admire the gilded dome, giant chandeliers and decorations handmade by workers from Morocco.
Builders claim that the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the building has no comparison to mosques in other regions anyway.
In Morocco, the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca can hold 105,000 worshippers.
The construction of the mosque, which cost more than 30 million euros, was financed by private donations.
In addition to the land, the government funded lighting, sanitation and financed road works worth €10.5 million.
Coach Smyła: Our problem is not Silesia, but ourselves
Passa of eight league matches without a win Crown players will try to break in Friday's meeting with the vice-leader of the Silesian Ekstraklasa.
"Our problem is not Wrocław, but ourselves, we have to work on what we play," emphasized chalice coach Mirosław Smyła.
Crown players last and so far the only victory in the league recorded in the first round, when away they beat Benjamin Raków Częstochowa 1-0.
Later, they recorded two draws and six defeats, and on Tuesday they lost 1-0 to Zagłębie Lubin in the 1 / 32 final of the Polish Cup.
"It makes me optimistic that in the last seconds of the knockout match the players fought for the goal, they wanted to draw.
Their fall to the pitch after the final whistle did not result from the breakdown, but it was a fall of anger because they were so close, "said Smyła.
As he pointed out, Silesia has very strong wings, so he will sensitize the team to playing in the side sectors of the pitch.
"We are aware of the quality of the opponent, but we also look at what we want to play," added the coach.
In Friday's match in the Crown will definitely not play pausing for excess yellow cards Ognjen Gnjatic, the squad will also miss injured Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski.
However, it is encouraging to register in a knockout match several players with the desire to play.
"We have a headache, recently it seemed that it would not be, and now it is," said Smyła.
Defender of the Crown Daniel Dziwniel emphasized that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the streak of eight league matches in a row without a win, while in the Ekstraklasa everyone can win against anyone.
"We are a good team.
In recent weeks we may not show it on the pitch, but the moment will come that we will win and we believe that it will be on Friday, "said the player.
After nine rounds of the Ekstraklasa, the Crown with five points takes 15th position.
Silesia accumulated 12 more and placed second.
Friday's match in Kielce starts at 8: 30 p.m.
These trees can completely disappear from Europe
"42% of tree species that make up Europe's stands are threatened," warns the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in its Red List of European Trees published on Friday.
At the top of the list are, among others, chestnuts and rowan.
The IUCN, an organisation based in Gland, Switzerland, publishes a list of endangered European tree species for the first time.
It was drawn up by specialists who concluded that of the 454 tree species found in Europe (as well as elsewhere in the world), 42% are "highly threatened."
Among the reasons, the Red Paper mentions the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, the most threatened are those trees and shrubs that occur only or mainly on our continent.
According to IUCN specialists, 58% of species are threatened and 15%, i.e. 66 species of trees and shrubs, are threatened with extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red List lists errors in the exploitation of stands, accelerated urbanisation, too intense logging, followed by forest fires and changes in the European ecostystem.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also strongly threatened.
"The consequences of human activity lead to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a danger in Europe of extinction of important and underestimated varieties that underpin European ecosystems and affect the health of our planet," concluded the report by Luc Bas, who heads the European office of the IUCN.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I do not promise 600 +
"Today the Law and Justice party wants to bribe Poles by offering them for freedom distribution on credit, which will have to pay off future generations," says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview for "Rzeczpospolita."
In his opinion, "the whole politics of the Law and Justice party is pic."
At the same time, the politician promises that 'what is given will not be taken away'.
Schetyna assures in an interview with Jacek Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat Law and Justice.
It is about mobilising the electorate at the ballot box.
In his opinion, the opposition has more potential in this respect than Kaczynski's party.
"Today, conscious people who want to live in a normal country are more than supporters of the Law and Justice party, a party which betrayed the proclaimed values, such as modesty, humility, transparency," says Schetyna.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic Platform also emphasized the basic assumptions of the electoral program KO.
"Firstly, nothing given will be received, but it is necessary to set a direction for the future, because the Law and Justice party deals only with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even after dramatically low investments," he said.
Secondly, it is about 'launching the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work reliably - and those who are entrepreneurial'.
Schetyna explains that the KO program included, among others, a project which will give the least earning Poles more by 614 zlotys per hand, and more earners - also several hundred.
The politician also stated that he did not want to race for distribution.
As he said, he will do as much as he can do, but he does not promise 600 +.
"I will never allow the Greek option, where the rulers bid with the opposition for distribution, until the financial collapse of the country finally occurred," he stressed.
Schetyna also stated in an interview with Rz that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"Pride walks before the fall.
Kaczynski is such a statesman as Banaś is crystal, "he added.
The leader of the Civic Platform also said that he has not yet decided whether he will run for the chairmanship of the Platform.
Argentina: Six dead great condors
Six dead great condors have been found in the Argentine province of Santa Cruz, TVN24 reports.
Specialists believe that human activity contributed to their deaths.
Great condors were probably poisoned to kill predators such as cougars, foxes and wild dogs.
Animals may have eaten toxic carcasses.
In addition to one young individual, the rest of the dead condors were adults.
"This is a big loss for the environment, because the condor must reach 10-15 years to become fertile and able to reproduce.
So we are losing a protected species, an endangered species, "says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organisation.
"I think the use of toxic bait and poison puts not only this species in danger, but all other forms of life, including human health," he adds.
"Rz": They want a jewel for the President
Work has begun on granting the head of state a precious chain.
The idea was supported by the office of Andrzej Duda - we read in 'Rzeczpospolita'.
As the newspaper explains, it concerns the golden chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insignia officially called in the interwar period the jewel of the Republic of Poland.
It was last used by President Ignacy Mościcki.
"Rz" says that soon such a chain may hit the shoulders of Andrzej Duda.
On Wednesday, the Senate Committee on Human Rights, the Rule of Law and Petitions voted to work on an amendment to the Orders and Decorations Act in order to reinstate it.
The newspaper writes that this is not the first attempt to restore this chain to the head of state.
The Senate had already proposed such an amendment in 1992, but it was lost by one vote.
This time the work is rapid.
At the beginning of August, the senators devoted a few minutes to the matter, acknowledging that they would consult the Chancellery of the President.
This came in mid-September.
"I kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in this petition," wrote the presidential minister Andrzej Dera.
On Wednesday, the Senate committee continued the matter and again devoted little time to the matter.
"The Chancellery of the President answered us briefly: it is in favour of restoring it," said the chief of the commission Robert Mamątow from the Law and Justice party, quoted by "Rz."
He submitted a request for legislative work, which the committee supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through the intersection
The police action will be carried out, among others, at the intersection of Cieplińskiego Avenue with Piłsudskiego Avenue.
Uniformed actions are somehow connected with recent complaints of the city authorities about drivers who are not always able to behave properly at the intersection.
On Friday, 27 September, police officers begin preventive actions in Rzeszów "Passable intersections."
The aim is to eliminate traffic congestion: entering an intersection without the possibility of exiting, not following traffic signals or road signs.
"We often think that we are alone at the intersection, and in fact we make life difficult for other drivers," said Marek Ustrobiński, the vice-president of the city a few days ago.
His words were echoed at a press conference of the town hall, where the city authorities presented examples of inadequate movement of cars at intersections, which in effect creates traffic jams.
At that time, the president appealed to travellers for reason on the road and, among others, moving faster at traffic lights or not writing text messages while driving.
The subject was somehow taken over by Rzeszów police officers, who from today begin the action "Passable intersections."
What is the point?
The aim of the measures is to eliminate the phenomenon of reducing passability at intersections by drivers entering them without the possibility of continuing driving.
This is a common offence that contributes to the intensification of traffic congestion and the creation of traffic jams.
It is threatened with a fine of 300 PLN and 2 penalty points.
In addition, uniforms will pay attention to non-compliance with traffic lights or signs and incorrect parking in the area of intersections.
They will also observe a lack of driving smoothness, late movement from under signalling devices, slow passage of intersections and leaving too long distances between vehicles.
At what intersections will activities be carried out?
Among others, on Lisa-Kuli Street from Jagiellońska Street; Cieplińskiego Avenue from Piłsudskiego Avenue; Targowa Street from Piłsudskiego Avenue; Śreniawitów Square from Dąbrowskiego Street or Hetmańska Street from Powstańców Warszawy Avenue.
Such actions in the capital of Podkarpacie will be carried out on the following Fridays of October.
They controlled the company disposing of waste from "Czajka"
"Officials of the Department of Environmental Protection of the Wołomin District Office and the District Building Supervision Inspectorate inspected on Friday the installation in the municipality of Zielonka, where waste from the sewage treatment plant" Czajka "in Warsaw is disposed of," said the spokesman of the Wołomin starosta Karol Szyszko.
Inspectors from the mayor of Wołomin carried out an inspection in the plant located in the forests belonging to the municipality of Zielonka.
Private Trade and Transport Plant "Dar-Trans," under an agreement with the capital's sewage treatment plant "Czajka" performs sewage waste management services.
"An inspection of the installation was carried out, and the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his activities," said Szyszko.
He added that the audit report will be submitted, among others, to the Provincial Environmental Protection Inspectorate in Warsaw.
The last inspection in "Dar-Trans" was carried out by the Provincial Environmental Protection Inspectorate in Warsaw between 29 December 2015 and 11 February 2016.
It was established at that time that the company did not perform sampling, measurement and testing of groundwater, and did not have the results of tests of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the sewage treatment plant "Czajka."
After the inspection of WIOŚ, Dariusz Sobota was called to stop violating the terms of the decision.
Private Zakład Handlowo-Transportowy "DAR-TRANS" Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies receiving waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the "Czajka" treatment plant.
According to the decision to dispose of waste in the excavation site, waste weighing up to 60 000 tonnes per year is processed in the forests near Zielonka.
The Warsaw Municipal Water Supply and Sewerage Company announced last Thursday that at the turn of November and December 2018 STUOŚ was excluded from operation, which was connected with damage to one of the incineration plant's equipment.
According to MPWiK, the monthly cost of their export is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01.01.2019 to 31.08.2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"You have undertaken a difficult task, you can count on my total support," said Lech Wałęsa to Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska on Friday.
"Mr. President, for me these are very important words," replied the candidate of the Civic Coalition for Prime Minister, the leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president emphasized that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now "only a fan in retirement."
On Friday, Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met with former president Lech Wałęsa in his office in the European Solidarity Centre in Gdańsk.
Wałęsa's son Jarosław also took part in a brief conversation behind closed doors.
"You have undertaken a difficult task," Lech Wałęsa said after the meeting.
"You can count on my total support," he added.
"Problems before Poland are known to all of us.
Therefore, it is a great hope that you, as a woman, will deal with these problems, and all of us - those who love Poland - will support your actions as much as possible, "said the former president, addressing Kidawa-Błońska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked for her support.
"Mr President, for me these are very important words, because nobody like you can talk about freedom, about the constitution and knows what important it is," she said.
"Let us show that you can do a different, wise policy, together, but in accordance with the Constitution, according to the law, in accordance with respect for others.
You did your revolution like that, and we want to change Poland like that, "emphasized Kidawa-Błońska.
Kibic in retirement
Wałęsa told reporters that he was now "just a supporter in retirement."
"Of course I am looking at it.
I hope that we will reverse the course of events, that what was good, proven, (to this) we will return.
The tripartite division of powers is the most important, the constitution is the most important, the courts are necessary.
And all this needs to be cleaned up, all this needs to be restored to normal action, and that is what I believe we will do this time.
Because if not, we will face a street criterion, "said Lech Wałęsa.
"That is why it is so important for Poles to go to the elections, reflect and make a decision on their own.
And this is the most important thing, "added Kidawa-Błońska.
"The last chance that we will improve the state of affairs in Poland with a card," the former president replied.
"We need to rebuild the foundation"
Asked about the most important changes for her, which should take place in Poland, Kidawa-Błońska said: "The president said very well.
We need to rebuild the foundation on which we can do all the other things.
Since the tripartite division of powers does not exist, since the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and so that everyone knows that otherwise Poland will not move a step forward. "
Slovenia - Poland 3-1 in the semi-finals.
On the hot ground in Ljubljana, Polish volleyball players clashed with Slovenians in the semi-finals of the European Championships.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussions with the judges, with Polish coach Vital Heynen in the lead role.
"White and Red" lost 3-1 and will play for the bronze medal.
The Senate decided on key bills
The Senate passed without amendments the Act on disclosure of the assets of the families of the most important government officials and on the flights of the most important persons in the country.
52 senators voted in favour of the amendment to the Act on the assets of families of government officials, 14 against and three abstentions.
Thus, the senators decided to reject 12 amendments tabled during Wednesday's debate by the Civic Platform senator Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were to "civilize" the law and limit the scope of information provided in the declaration about the property situation of own children, children of the spouse, children adapted to cases in which children remain in the common household with the person obliged to make a declaration.
The Act on the disclosure of the assets of the families of the most important government officials, whose draft was drafted in the office of the Prime Minister, was passed by the Sejm on 11 September.
The provisions assume that, among others, the prime minister, ministers, deputies, MEPs, senators, presidents of: the Constitutional Tribunal, the Supreme Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as persons at the head of other state institutions will be obliged to include in the property declaration information about the personal assets of spouses, children and persons living together.
The Senate also did not propose amendments to the law on flights of the most important persons in the country.
It regulates what flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government aircraft along with the most important people in the country.
The Act also specifies who is responsible for maintaining the Central Flight Register.
55 senators voted in favour of the bill, 12 against and four abstentions.
According to the law, every flight of the president will be a flight "performed in an official mission."
The president's flights will be accompanied by family members and other persons invited by the president.
However, the flight in the official mission of the Prime Minister and the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate will be only a flight "carried out for the purpose of carrying out tasks directly related to the performed function."
The Act also specifies the list of persons who may accompany the most important persons in the country during the flight.
According to the regulations, members of the delegation may be on board the aircraft - invited MPs, senators, representatives of public authorities and experts; persons providing technical, medical or organisational services; as well as journalists.
According to the act, in case of doubts connected with the flights of the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate, the head of the NCP will ask for their explanation.
If such doubts are not clarified within the allotted time, the head of the NAP will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or the Senate about the inability to organize such a flight.
New proxy for sport
Waldemar Paluch appointed his proxy for physical culture, sport and tourism.
It was Artur Świątek, long-time president of the AZS PWSTE Jarosław University Club, for the last 4 years director of the Office of the Rector of the Yaroslavl University.
fot. Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek has recently been strongly involved in the basketball reactivation project in Jarosław.
Artur Świątek is not an anonymous figure in the Yaroslavl sports community.
Graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska since 2002 is an instructor at the State Higher School of Technology and Economics in Jarosław, and for 15 years he has been the president
Poles after the first training in Paris, waiting for the last rival
Polish volleyball players held their first training in Paris on Friday, where they will compete in the bronze medal match on Saturday.
Vital Heynen's charges closed the way to winning the title with a 3-1 defeat to Slovenia in Ljubljana on Thursday.
It was loud about their troubles with travelling to this duel.
This time it was without such problems - on Friday morning they went with the Slovenians on a charter to Paris, and a few hours later they trained in the famous Bercy hall.
According to reports of people present at the classes, the trainer of the world champions was nervous.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not just to practice volleyball elements.
"We went to the hall, but in the vast majority it was time for the team.
The idea was to spend it more together than to train.
Talk, think about how to rebuild it all as a team, "he reported.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the coaching staff.
"We were brutally brought to earth.
Without doubt, we are disappointed.
We kept believing that we would return to this match.
We discussed this match among ourselves in the staff, the coach talked a lot with the players.
As the two main reasons for the failure, I would point to ineffectiveness in attack and much worse than usual dealing with situation balls.
Slovenians were much better than us in this respect, "he analysed.
In his opinion, the "White and Red" did not stand in the way of the stress associated with the performance against the co-hosts of the tournament supported by a loud and large audience.
He admitted that the world champions could sleep a smooth way to the semi-finals.
"Perhaps if we had failed in a similar style in the group stage, we would have analysed this lesson more quickly and then played differently in the later stages of the tournament.
But it's only if, "he stated.
Gogol hopes that the anger connected with Thursday's defeat will be turned into aggression in the bronze match.
"I hope that we will then show our true face.
There is something to beat about.
Recently we won the ME medal in 2011, "he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city and France is the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
In the group stage they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, for the first two group stage meetings they went to Apeldoorn, and for the semi-finals they moved to Ljubljana.
Nick Kyrgios: severe punishment, but suspended
The Australian tennis player received a 16-week ban and a $25,000 fine - a six-month suspension - for reprehensible words, gestures and actions during recent ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour activists are losing patience with Kyrgios, but still give him a chance to improve.
The summary of the misdeeds of the most crude professional tennis player of recent years looks dangerous - 16 weeks break plus a large fine, but both penalties are suspended for six months - a trial period in which the recalcitrant athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24 years old, but he has been robbing for a long time and has earned a kind of tennis world record - he had to pay the highest single financial penalty in the history of the discipline for breaking the rules of behaviour on and next to the court.
Loud curses, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike behavior, insulting the referee and spectators, breaking two rockets during a loss to Karen Khachanov - for all this after the August ATP Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati paid $113,000.
He did not play long at the 2019 US Open, but managed to publicly say that ATP activists "are corrupt," which hurt the organization's authorities so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and after a few weeks gave the verdict about the suspension of starts and another fine.
However, words about corruption were forgiven, after listening to the blamed person and getting to know the context of the statement.
In the justification, however, tennis activists stated that the investigation showed that Kyrgios' behaviour throughout the past 12 months in many cases raised serious objections and constituted an almost constant violation of the rules that he constantly insulted people associated with tournaments and spectators in a vulgar manner, hence the high penalty.
However, the ATP gave him five days to appeal and immediately postponed the execution of his sentence, ordering several conditions to be met within the next six months: in ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour tournaments, Kyrgios can no longer violate the rules of the code of conduct of professional tennis players, in particular he can no longer curse, destroy rackets, argue with judges and the public, or any other way to behave indecently and vulgar.
He was also advised to seek "continuous support" from mental coaches during tournaments and also in the off-season to consult people specializing in solving problems of athletes not coping with proper behavior.
The first comment (on social media) by Nick Kyrgios to the verdict was: "Hey everybody, I can still play.
I just have to control my behavior, that's all. "
In practice, the Australian will have at least a two-week break anyway, as he was exacerbated by a shoulder injury in the Laver Cup, so he had to abandon his next starts in Beijing (30 September - 6 October) and Shanghai (6-13 October).
Kyrgios is ranked 27th in the ATP rankings.
This year he won two tournaments - in Washington and Acapulco, he earned over $1.3 million, so even after fines he will stay a lot.
GUS: Living better and better in Poland
According to the report on household budgets published by the Central Statistical Office on Friday, as many as 44% of them assessed their material situation as good or rather good last year.
A year earlier, this figure was 37.2%, 33.5% in 2016 and earlier, since 2009, when the statistical office first examined subjective assessments of the situation of households, it has never exceeded 30%.
A total of 8.1% of households considered their material situation to be bad or rather bad last year, compared to 11.2% a year earlier and more than 20% in 2009.
The material situation of self-employed households is best.
In this group, more than 70% of respondents consider it good or rather good.
At the other extreme are pensioner households, where the percentage of such responses was only 18%.
The subjective assessment of the material situation of households is also strongly influenced by the number of children.
The worst is for single parents, of whom 32% declare a good or rather good material situation.
Among couples with children, this figure varies (depending on the number of children) from 55% to 60%, and among childless households it is 48.8%.
The effect of the 500 + programme is clearly visible in these statistics.
Before it was launched (in 2016), the worst material situation was assessed by single parents and families with many children (with at least three children).
The improvement of subjective assessments of the material situation of Poles is a reflection of the rapid growth of income, mainly from work.
However, this is not all, because the percentage of households that consider their situation to be good is increasing faster than real incomes.
Moreover, at the level of voivodships there is no clear relationship between the level of income and the assessment of material conditions of households.
The best assessments are formulated by residents of the Opolskie Voivodeship, where 48.9% of respondents consider their situation to be good or rather good.
Next are Lubuskie (47.7%), Śląskie (47.6%), Mazowieckie (47.3%) and Zachodniopomorskie (47.1%).
Meanwhile, in Opole, disposable income (i.e. after paying taxes and contributions) was less than 94% of the national average last year, and in Lubuskie 98%.
The highest incomes were inhabitants of Mazowiecki (120% of the national average) and Silesia (104%).
On average, the disposable income per person in Poland was PLN 1,693 in 2018.
In real terms (after adjusting for the impact of price changes) it increased by 4.3% compared to 2017.
Compared to previous years, this result is quite low.
In 2016, per capita income increased by 7% and a year later by 6.3%.
Although revenue growth is slowing down, it also hinders expenditure growth.
Those per person amounted to PLN 1187 last year, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7%.
This is the first such case since 2013.
Expenditure per person increased by 1.9% in real terms in 2017 and by 4.3% in 2016.
Surveys of household budgets suggest that a statistical household currently spends 70.1% of its disposable income, compared to 80% in 2014 and above 90% by 2006.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a sheer blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed show of the brand "Patrizia Pepe."
Unfortunately, her outfit was not successful.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is married to sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in activities for women, for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in the public relations industry with such companies as PZU, Red Bull and Bayer.
As a journalist she worked for TVP1, TVN Style, Wizja Sport and TVP2.
She is the author of the book "Mom and Dad to Us," in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children between the ages of 0 and 3.
She was involved in many projects aimed at providing support for active women.
Its campaigns include "Network of Entrepreneurial Women," "Lodge of Business Women," "Association of Women's Congress," and "Make Up Buisness."
She is married to Maciej Kurzajewski, a television presenter and sports journalist.
The marriage has two sons, Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in a closed show of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe."
The event was also attended by Natasza Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech.
An intimate show could not take place without a wall on which the stars boasted their outfits.
Unfortunately, photojournalists caught the glaring mistake of Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska.
The woman dressed a white top under a black shirt, which shone strongly through her.
USA: Three suicides among aircraft carrier crew
Three sailors committed suicide last week aboard the USS George H. W. Bush, the U.S. Navy said.
In the last two years, a total of five crew members of the ship have been killed.
The previous suicide took place in July of that year, and the earlier one in November 2017.
According to CNN, all three sailors shot themselves last week.
Each incident occurred on land when the USS George H. W. Bush docked off the coast of Virginia.
So far, the involvement of third parties has been excluded.
Moreover, deaths are not to be connected.
"It takes everyone to get involved in making suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to emphasize that there is no stigmatization or other repercussions associated with seeking help, "Captain Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, wrote on Facebook.
Niesiołowski is critical of the pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Lekszycki, Stefan Niesiołowski emphasized that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"Actually, his every opinion was accepted."
Some of his actions were subsequently criticized.
"For me, the fact that John Paul II could not liquidate the harmful activity of Rydzyk casts a great shadow over his pontificate.
After all, this Redemptorist - a pest of the Church and Poland - developed his media into the best during the lifetime of the Polish pope ', he explained.
The former politician of the Civic Platform admitted: 'there were murmurs of dissatisfaction, the pope said something, once Rydzyk did not accept, but he had power and for politics he could simply expel him from the Church or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to collect money for the poor there.
However, John Paul II did not do it, similarly his successors, "explained Niesiołowski.
"Besides, there was this terrible matter of pedophilia and the actions of the Church, or rather their lack.
I ran forward a little bit, but I wanted to draw attention to the whole of his life.
We have known about the scale of pedophilia in the Church relatively recently.
The question arises as to how it is possible that John Paul II, being the head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting matters', says Niesiołowski in an interview with a journalist.
In the opinion of the former politician of the Civic Platform, the Polish Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
"We must admit that during the period of Solidarity the Church was our most important ally.
All celebrations started with Holy Mass, crosses hung everywhere.
Now these crosses are spelling, they have become a symbol of dictatorship - a sign of the spelling regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk are shaking the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing in this matter and that today the Church is an ally of the Law and Justice party.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which he will pay dearly, "Niesiołowski argued.
"I hope that Pope Francis will chase Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others of this type," he concluded.
HRUBIESZÓW: Tomorrow celebrates the 590th anniversary of the county
There will be gala concerts and auctions.
The anniversary gala will take place in the Hrubieszów House of Culture.
First, at 10 a.m., Mass will begin in the Church of St. Nicholas.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30 in HDK.
The Hrubieszów Land Song and Dance Ensemble will perform.
Young people from Stanisław Staszic High School will present a performance entitled "Hrubieszów County: Hence my family - I live here."
Then the medals "Meritorious for Hrubieszów County" will be awarded.
At 4 p.m. the event will move to the city promenade, where there will be concerts "Hrubieszów charity for Angelika Zińkiewicz."
They will play disco polo bands - NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and the star of the evening Mig.
There will be auctions, including feathers and porcelain of the Prime Minister.
The PZPN sleeps penalties for brothels in stadiums.
Griffin disqualified
The clash within the framework of the Polish Cup between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk by a small hair did not end tragically, when the goalkeeper of the opposing team, Zlatan Alomerović, fired by fans from Wejherowo, passed by millimeters.
The match was abandoned for 20 minutes.
The PZPN commission investigating this case imposed severe punishment on Gryf, excluding him from future competitions.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020-21 season.
In addition, fans will not be allowed in the next match at their own stadium.
They will also not be able to leave groups for league matches until 31 December.
Burdy at the Widzew Łódź stadium was also caused by fans of Śląsk Wrocław.
Here, however, the judgment of the Polish Football Association was more lenient, because Silesia warned that similar events could occur and sensitized the relevant authorities in this matter.
Nevertheless, the services allowed the Łódź fans to throw races at the sector, set fire to chairs and push the host sector.
This match was abandoned for eight minutes and the intervening police had to use a water cannon.
The PZPN punished Silesia with a one-time stadium ban in the next match in the Polish Cup and prohibited organizing trips to matches in this and the next edition of the PP.
The ban on trips also covered league matches of the Ekstraklasa, but will last until 31 December.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to replace the signage on the entire managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie, the implementation of an amendment to the regulation of the Ministry of Infrastructure on, among others, writing the names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish has begun.
For example, "Lions" will appear next to "L'viv."
In our province, changes will be introduced on 94 road signs placed at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it is supposed to be easier, clearer and simpler.
The new guidelines result from an amendment to the regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety equipment.
"We should remember that the names of towns in neighbouring countries often have a Polish sound.
Thanks to the change in the law prepared by us, they will finally appear on signposts near our roads.
The introduction of the new signage starts with the Podkarpackie section of the A4 motorway, "informed the Minister of Infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In the Podkarpacie region, changes will be introduced on 94 road signs set at the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total investment cost?
200,000 pounds.
First of all, the new signage will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is planned by 1 November 2019.
What is the implementation of the idea?
It will happen without replacing the plates, on the principle of pastes.
They will replace the current names of towns with new ones written in Polish on already existing signs.
Both names will be written in one line - first in Polish, and then in the original, in parentheses.
This will make it much easier for people who do not know the spelling of the names of foreign cities in the language of the country in which they are located.
Feel the game together with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announced Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, the world's first headset for Xbox One powered by haptic technology.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and provides better control over the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in creating advanced haptic technologies for a realistic touch-based experience.
HyperSense uses special haptic drivers and intelligent digital signal processing to generate high-resolution touch feedback in real time, giving you the ability to fully immerse yourself in every Xbox One game.
The technology recognizes audio signals and transforms them into dynamic vibrations, so players can empathize with the gameplay without having to install additional software.
By using the sense of touch, sound signals can accurately mimic the actions in the game.
Razer HyperSense recreates events - from quiet steps to powerful explosions, precisely capturing all activities in the player's environment.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One is designed to give all players an extra dimension of gameplay.
With HyperSense, we allow them to completely immerse themselves in their favorite titles, "said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President for Razer Peripherals.
The rotating earmuffs are equipped with cushions filled with foam with shape memory and a layer of cooling gel to reduce the heat generated during long use.
For even easier handling of the headphones, a quick mute button is placed on the retractable microphone, and a HyperSense intensity regulator and a game-chat balance slider are placed on the headphone housing.
The self-adapting headband provides a trouble-free and accurate fit.
In addition, Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One features Xbox Wireless, which allows you to connect directly to your console without the need for a wireless transmitting and receiving device, allowing you to easily and quickly set up.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic for more realistic sound.
The Razer Nari Ultimate, originally intended for PC, debuted in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was valued at €219.99.
Someone shot a swan with an air gun
In a pond in Zameczno in Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan having problems with its wings.
After catching and visiting the veterinarian, it turned out that someone had arranged a target from the animal - a screw from an air gun was found in his body.
"Information about the injured bird was received from the villagers of the Wild Animal Rehabilitation Centre in Nowa Sól.
It was reported that the animal had broken wings.
We went to the place.
It was immediately apparent that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely not to harm him and not to expose him to additional stress.
The swan was caught and taken to a veterinarian.
After the first X-ray photograph, it was already known that someone had made a shooting shield out of it.
There were shards of shot in his body, "says Marcin Walasek, president of Malpol, which manages, among others, a rehabilitation centre.
Overwintering in the resort
"The wounds were cleaned, the bird was given antibiotics, access to water was provided, a safe place in the resort where it will spend the whole winter.
We are trying to strengthen it.
He is not yet able to fly.
Releasing him now would mean that he probably wouldn't survive the winter, "adds Walasek.
After undergoing rehabilitation, the staff intends to release him to the same pond in the spring.
The authorities of the municipality of Żukowice, after receiving information about the cause of poor health of the animal, intend to inform the prosecutor about the case.
The incident happened in Zameczno
Gowin: "we must stimulate Polish, small trade"
"Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, it will be necessary to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education, leader of the Agreement Jarosław Gowin on Friday.
During an interview in "Signals of the Day" on Radio Jedynka, Gowin stated that trade is overrun by international networks, which impose such low margins on Polish producers that actually Polish companies cannot develop.
Noting that it is very difficult to fight this problem, the deputy prime minister reminded that the government of the Law and Justice party tried to face it at the very beginning of the term of office, but got a 'counter-attack from the EC'.
"We have won before the Court of Justice and I hope that if the United Right wins the next elections and forms a government, we will come back to this subject," he said.
He also noted that "effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish, i.e. small trade."
"We will have to consider whether the government, the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Gowin.
In May, an EU court found that the European Commission had made a mistake in finding that the Polish retail tax was unauthorised state aid.
The Retail Sales Tax Act assumed the introduction of two trade tax rates: 0.8% on revenue between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4% on revenue above PLN 170 million per month.
The tax has been in force since September 2016.
In September 2016, the European Commission launched infringement proceedings against Poland.
Brussels argued at the time that the construction of the tax could favour smaller shops, which could be considered public aid.
It subsequently stated that the tribute was implemented in an unlawful manner.
It also issued an order suspending the application of the tax pending the completion of its analysis by officials in Brussels.
Poland did not agree with this position, but the tax collection was suspended.
The decision of the EU court in May opened the way for the reintroduction of the tax, but did not finish the case.
On 24 July, the Commission appealed to the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the CJEU press service told PAP that the case is currently at a written stage in which both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
It is not yet known whether or when the oral procedure will start, i.e. hearing the parties and a possible hearing.
It takes a good few to several months from filing an appeal to the announcement of the judgment.
"Such proceedings take an average of one year," a source at the Court in Luxembourg told PAP.
How to dress a child for baptism?
We suggest some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of an infant and his parents.
It is often the first occasion on which the whole family focuses around the child, celebrating his appearance in the world together.
No wonder, then, that newly baked mother and dad want their comfort to look the best on this day.
However, before you make the final decision about your child's costume, consider whether it will also be comfortable.
In shops you can find many outfit sets that do not provide the toddler with proper comfort.
So what should be noted?
The basic criterion for choosing clothes for baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, several weeks old toddlers were baptized, arranged in white sets and put into the same barrels or big pillows.
Today, children joining the sacrament are often older: several months, one year or even bigger.
It is not difficult to guess that such a big comfort needs a slightly different clothes for baptism.
Therefore, if your child is 3-4 months old on the day of baptism, he will probably spend the ceremony in a wheelchair or in the hands of his parents or godparents.
The best solution will be to decorate it in comfortable, cotton sleeping bags or sets.
Although this wardrobe element is considered an everyday outfit, it is enough to search for its festive variants, for example with a frill or lace.
For the boy, a body printed with flies and braces will prove ideal.
In the case of older children, you can afford more fantasy in clothing.
The little girl will look lovely in a simple, tulle dress
Many parents of girls longingly look towards richly decorated, falbaniastic baptism dresses complete with coats, armbands and hats.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-breathable materials in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In search of the right clothes, it will be better to look at the Asanti for Kids store, which offers elegant outfits on cotton linings.
Delicate tulle skirts, satin dresses, lace, apps and charming sets will make your daughter look beautiful and feel comfortable.
Perfect outfit for a little gentleman: cotton suit
Until recently, among parents of boys there was a fashion for suits being a copy of "adult" models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, rigid collars or coughs often made young elegants loudly demonstrate their dissatisfaction.
Today, fortunately, they have been replaced by comfortable, cotton sets.
Just look at the sets available in Asanti for Kids, i.e. soft, tracksuit shorts, and a blouse decorated at the front in the pattern of a vest.
These costumes look extremely festive, and at the same time do not hinder the movements of the toddler getting to know the world.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published a declaration of assets
Krystyna Pawłowicz submitted a declaration of assets at the end of her term of office.
It shows that the deputy of the Law and Justice party accumulated 110,000 zlotys of savings.
Let us remind that Pawłowicz announced her departure from politics.
At the end of the term of office, he has the amount of PLN 110,000
According to the statement made by the Member, she receives a pension with a monthly value of PLN 4.7 thousand.
Pawłowicz has an apartment worth 570,000 zlotys and a slightly smaller one, which he rents, charging 880 zlotys a month.
She also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at 150 thousand PLN.
Earlier, the property declaration was also published by Jarosław Kaczyński.
Vote on the recess for the Conservative Party Conference
British MPs voted against a three-day break in the House of Commons for the Conservative Party's annual programme conference, as requested by the government.
There were 289 votes in favour, 306 against.
It is customary for the House of Commons not to meet during party conferences so that Members do not have to resign either from them or from parliamentary sessions.
However, the opposition parties considered that at such a crucial time as the last weeks before the planned exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union on 31 October, the parliament should not interrupt the proceedings.
There were 289 votes in favour of the government's request for a break, 306 against.
Two opposition parties after the conventions
The lack of consent to the break may be perceived as political revenge of the opposition on Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday the decision was declared unlawful and non-existent by the Supreme Court) and for not wanting to apologize for it after the judges' ruling.
Following this ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday, and the most important event of the day was Johnson's speech and the subsequent heated debate.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding early elections.
"It is time to deliver Brexit.
It must be implemented in order to respect the outcome of the referendum.
Brexit must come so that we can deal with an agreement on citizens' priorities, on health care, on the cost of living.
Brexit must be delivered so that we can unite this country, "Johnson said.
The Conservative Party Conference is due to start in Manchester this Sunday and run until Wednesday 2 October.
The conferences of the two main opposition groups - Labour and the Liberal Democrats - have already taken place.
One of the justifications given by Johnson in explaining such a long suspension of parliament was precisely party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
"President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders," write foreign media.
The president's spokesman strongly denied these reports.
"This is simply not true," Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
Israeli media, including Haaretz and the Jerusalem Post, citing the Jewish Insider, write that during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora in the Polish consulate in New York, Andrzej Duda declared that Israel was to blame for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said that the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland is a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to the words of Israeli Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who stated in February that 'Poles sucked anti-Semitism with their mothers' milk '.
Andrzej Duda said that he regretted that Israel did not apologize for the humiliating statements of its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression against the Polish ambassador to Israel Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by an attacker who shouted: "Pole, Pole."
"The quote is not only inaccurate.
This is simply not true, "Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
He stressed that Duda "never said that Israel is responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
According to Spychalski, the portal "invented it."
According to JI interviewees, during the meeting there was also a dispute between Holocaust survivor Edward Mosberg, Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg agreed with President Duda's words and said that it was Jews from Israel "such as Israel Katz" who were responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to sources, Boteach interrupted Mosberg's statement.
Who is Banaś and what is at fault?
The tenement rented by the pimps led the journalist to discover negligence in the property declarations of Marian Banasia.
We conclude another scandal that shocked the ruling camp.
Journalists of "Superwizjera" TVN revealed that Marian Banaś, the president of the Supreme Chamber of Control, in recent years did not enter into the property declaration of the 400-meter tenement house, which is located in Kraków Podgórze.
Moreover, his subtenant was to run a sex business in the aforementioned tenement house (i.e. rent rooms for hours).
In turn, the building itself has allegedly been securing the repayment of the loan since 2016.
Bertold Kittel pointed out irregularities in the program "Superwizjer."
The journalist revealed that from Banasia the tenement was rented by people connected with the criminal world to use it as a place of "erotic meetings."
The clients were to be men using the services of prostitutes.
Banaś answered the allegations vaguely and vaguely.
Interestingly, the tenement rented by the pimps led the journalist to discover negligence in the property declarations of Banasia.
The building itself was described in them vaguely, and the income from its rental was to be underestimated.
"The estate of Marian Banasia and his wife may be worth between 6 and 8 million zlotys.
In total, the spouses can boast two houses, three apartments, savings [...], "writes Money.pl.
According to the analysis of the portal, the Banasia tenement house itself was worth about PLN 3 million.
The Central Anti-Corruption Bureau is currently auditing the property declarations of Marian Banasia for the years 2015-2019.
Banaś announced that he would suspend his activities in the National Control Chamber until its completion. "I will apply to the Marshal for unpaid leave," he assured.
The opposition demands an explanation.
"We do not hear that the CBA has expanded its investigation or accelerated the examination of Marian Banasia's property declarations.
Therefore, we are forced to hand out the organs of the state and submit a notification about the possibility of committing a crime [...], "said the Civic Platform MP Mariusz Witczak.
"If a normal Pole valued the rental of his properties so grossly low, he would already have 10 checks, tax adjustments and criminal-fiscal proceedings," he added.
He went high, fell low
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Chamber of Control.
He was appointed to this position on 30 August 2019 for a six-year term.
His candidacy was submitted by Law and Justice and by the votes of the party's politicians.
Previously, Banaś was associated with NIK in the years 1992-2005, he acted in this institution as an associate of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first government of the Law and Justice party (2005-2008) Banaś held the position of president of the Customs Service and also undersecretary of state in the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015 he has again sat on the stool of the head of the Customs Service, and since 2017 he has managed the National Tax Administration.
Banaś served as Minister of Finance in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki for three months.
Cooler Master launches graphics card holder
Graphics cards can now weigh a lot, and this naturally makes room for categories of products that would not have been looked for on store shelves until a decade ago.
This solution - the handle for the ELV8 RGB graphics card - was presented by Cooler Master.
The new graphics card holder model is not only a functional solution that allows for more secure maintenance of the graphics card without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-express slot.
The Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task - decorative.
"Rzeczpospolita": Ignoring a police officer's order will be punished
According to the newspaper, disregard for a certain behaviour order issued by a police officer is to be a new type of offence, threatened with a fine, arrest or restriction of freedom.
Police trade unionists want such a change.
The idea went to the Sejm Committee on Petitions.
"The case is serious, because already every year more than half a million misdemeanor cases are brought before Polish courts," we read.
'Rzeczpospolita 'has established that the petition which the Independent Trade Union of Police Officers writes to MPs concerning the amendment of the code of offences has a chance of success.
The petitioners propose a new wording of Article 54a of the Code of Misconduct.
It would read: 'Whoever does not comply with the request or order of a public official, issued within the limits and on the basis of the provisions of the Act, shall be punishable by arrest, fine or restriction of freedom'.
"Paragraph 3 of this provision speaks of an identical punishment for those who, without executing orders, will prevent or hinder the performance of a business activity," the journal says.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told "Rzeczpospolita" that although he agrees with the main message of the proposal of the provision, he fears that if implemented, it could be used in matters of political demonstrations.
"In situations of freedom demonstrations, it would be disadvantageous and instead of alleviating the situation, it would even exacerbate it," he adds.
According to statistics provided by the newspaper, 86% of citizens welcomed police interventions in 2018 and 1.5 million interventions in the city each month.
Buras worries about Europe
Jáchym Topol has writing in his blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators, writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important post-war Czech playwrights, today mentioned in a row with Václav Havel.
Therefore, from the beginning there was a curse of talent hanging over Jáchym, which he tries to use.
After eight years he returned with a "sensitive man."
The protagonists are Buras and Soňa with their two sons, who, however, do not form a typical Czech family.
They are travelling actors and travel around Europe.
He is a lover of Shakespeare and a thief, she is a one-eyed translator who does not part with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys did not make a sound of himself from birth, and for the other time stopped in infancy.
But it is not the heroes who are the most important in this story.
Everyone is only a background to observe a world in which there is no place for artistic nomads.
It is a world of a flea province, a society of old, suspicious people and promiscuous youth.
"Sensitive man" turns into an absurd theatre in places.
The narrative imitates didaskalia, and the conversations of the characters create this world.
The stage is a Europe full of fears for its future, but also constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancels 105 flights due to Thomas Cook bankruptcy
Although the British travel agency Thomas Cook has collapsed, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann operates.
However, the company has problems.
According to VRT, Brussels Airlines announced that it would cancel 105 flights in October due to Thomas Cook's bankruptcy problems.
Neckermann also laid off 75 employees.
All trips with the office that have been booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but holidaymakers will be able to receive a refund.
The court in Ghent also declared the bankruptcy of three Belgian subsidiaries: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, approximately 12 thousand Belgians are abroad on trips bought from Thomas Cook.
Another 40,000 people were expected to leave the office by the end of the year.
Later on Monday, Thomas Cook Belgium spokeswoman Leen Segers said the company was now "fully operational" despite being declared bankrupt by its British parent company, which caused concern among employees and customers.
The office reassured that customers who bought trips in it would go on holiday.
Thomas Cook - the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies in the world - declared bankruptcy on Sunday night.
The immediate cause of the bankruptcy was the collapse of last-chance talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
The creditors demanded that, in addition to the £900 million rescue plan already agreed in August, the company gain an additional 200 million as collateral for the winter, when travel agencies tend to have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems have been growing for several years, resulting in a debt of up to £1.6 billion.
Michał Kubiak after the match against Slovenia (1-3).
"I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
We played very poorly.
This tournament is not over for us yet, "said Polish volleyball team captain Michał Kubiak after a 3-1 defeat to Slovenia in the semi-finals of the European Championship.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for your opinion
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion - such an unusual offer was prepared for the newcomers of the German Görlitz.
The measures are intended to help combat the ongoing decline in the number of inhabitants of the city.
Görlitz is the easternmost city in Germany.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140 thousand tourists every year.
However, according to The Guardian, the city is struggling with significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with a steady loss of population.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them left for the west of the country, resulting in a 25% decline in the city's population.
In 2013, it had a population of 54,000.
In order to combat the depopulation, officials came up with the idea to start offering free monthly accommodation in the city.
So far, 150 proposals have been submitted to the programme.
Two-thirds of them were inhabitants of large cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom were also interested in the programme.
"When we applied, we thought the program was to convince people to move to Görlitz," said one of the project participants.
"Now we feel it doesn't matter if we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has seven thousand vacant apartments, and unemployment is three times higher than the average in the whole country.
Although the city authorities hope that some will move permanently, the main objective of the programme is to obtain the opinions of the participants.
Information gathered from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revive smaller German cities.
"We want to know more about what people need and, if they decide to move, what their motivation was," said Robert Knippschild, responsible for the program.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents, offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals to live and work in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy, or in the American Tulsa, Oklahoma.
