Father Joseph Witko: I saw Jesus in white clothes
He is a charismatic.
The masses of the Holy Mass for his release and healing draw the crowds to him.
He was about a dozen years old when things were happening inexplicable in his life.
Today, through the Franciscans, others are experiencing this.
The masses of the Holy Mass, celebrated by Fr Vito Viko for their release and healing, draw the crowds
In the past, parents of a 7-month-old child came to him, who had a 7.5 mm hole in his heart.
It was to be operated.
Father Joseph Vitko prayed over him.
Later that day, the boy was taken to hospital for treatment.
The astonished doctors said: "Operation is not necessary, the loss is only 1.5 mm."
Parents cried for happiness.
After another prayer, the Franciscan hole disappeared completely.
The Spiritual remarkable acts of the Creator began to be experienced as a teenager.
In his dreams, Purgatory souls came to him asking for help.
I was awakened at night and brought to prayer for the dead and for those who died at the moment – he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of the evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what happens to a man who commits a mortal sin.
“My body has begun to change.
I lost my human qualities and started to look like an animal,” she says.
The invisible force pushed him up, and he could not get his voice out.
He felt that he was lost.
Then God indicated salvation to him.
“I was immersed in the waters of the river, which symbolized the holy baptism, and I was released and returned to the human figure...,” she says.
He did not tell anyone about these strange experiences.
There was a calling in him.
He was 16 when he joined the Franciscans.
In the sermons he wanted not only to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience Him living.
Members of the charismatic Renewal Community in the Holy Spirit
Vitko’s father’s healing masses are attended by many people who hope to get rid of the illness.
The priest emphasizes, however, that their main purpose is spiritual healing, not bodily healing.
The first defeat of Kolping FRAC Jarosław
This afternoon, the Kolping FRAC team earned the current Polish champion Dartom Bogory Grodzisk Mazowiecki as part of the 3rd LOTTO Superliga Tenołowy.
Ironing in a personal combination, as presented with the GOYIM, has little chance of winning over the sovereignty of the League.
The match with Dartom Bogory showed this well.
The team still lacks Chen Jingqi, the team leader.
Maybe with him the blazing would have reached the third consecutive triumph in the new season.
The young Asian Qiyao Han probably has not yet won with the Greek Panagiotis Gionis or the Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even one of the most prospective Poles, that is, Mark Badowski.
Hellady player was the biggest star of the match in the MOSiR at Sikorski Street in Jaroslavl.
In both the clash with Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei, he was the class of himself.
After three sets, Kolping led the FRAC 2:1.
Kou Lei was probably hired by Mark Badowski, and Daniel Górak, after an emotional five-metre battle with Pavl Siruck.
Then, however, it was worse.
Gionis did not give Lei a chance.
There was still hope of winning two points, but Qiyao Han failed to win Badowski.
There will be no additional research for seniors.
Why?
According to the announcements by Rafal Trzaskowski, a free preventive research programme for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be put into practice because the Ministry of Health and the Agency for the Protection of Medical Technologies and Tariffs have not been approved.
In the explanatory statement, the agency explained that the target group had been wrongly selected.
“The above actions can even lead to the detection of individual disease units, which can increase the difficulty of accessing the NFZ services and have a negative impact on the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort related to the false positive outcome of the research,” it says.
The decision of the Ministry does not understand the President of the capital.
“The money is ours, we have anticipated the money for it.
Only the government is afraid that if people get the test, they will then go to the doctor, which is absurd, because it is precisely to bring about a situation where prevention can be done more quickly.
All specialists know that this helps when it comes to the burden of the health system, because it helps in the rapid detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I do not understand,” said Rafal Trzaskowski.
“I find it hard to imagine that expert experts are saying, “Let’s not investigate, because there will be longer queues with the doctor, and if such specialists advise the government, then I am not surprised that the health service is in such a state,” he added.
Palestine corresponds to Israel: We will break all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said at a UN General Assembly session on Thursday that he would break all agreements with Israel if the future government of that country tried to fulfil the announcement made by Benjamin Netanyahu that the occupied Palestinian lands were annexed.
“If the future government of Israel, which will come into being, proceed to make this plan a reality, we will void all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments,” he announced.
“We reject the whole plan completely and completely,” threatened Abbas with pressure.
“It is our duty to defend all of our rights by all possible means – no matter what the consequences will be – by fully committing ourselves to promoting the application of international law and the fight against terrorism,” declared the President of the Palestinian Authority, who had already made similar declarations in July.
After the 17 September elections, Netanyahu, the current prime minister of Israel, again received a mission to form the government.
A week before the elections, he announced that if he would win, he would declare the annexation of the Jordan Valley and intend to include all Jewish settlements in Israel throughout the West Bank.
In the early 1990s Israel and the Palestinians, led by Jaser Arafat at the time, signed a series of peace agreements, under the auspices of the United States.
The 84-year-old Abbas also promised to hold general elections in Palestinian lands during the UN General Assembly.
The last one took place in 2006.
"After returning to the country, I will convene local elections in the West Bank, the Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem, and all those who would oppose them will have to answer for their actions before God and the international community", the solemn Palestinian President declared.
Abbas also defended in his speech the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the United Nations, to enjoy the rights of “fully-fledged members of the UN and all its bodies and institutions”.
The Palestinian leader ended his speech by calling on the international community to “enforce Israel to comply with the United Nations in full.”
Israel’s Ambassador Danny Danon briefly responded to Abbas, declaring that the Palestinian leader “will focus on the efforts of the Palestinian Authority against Israel, rather than fighting against the calls for terrorism in the Autonomy under his leadership”.
However, as reported by the agencies, Danon made no reference to the annexation of occupied Palestinian lands announced by Netanyahu.
Employees want defibrillators in the sensitive points of the Refugees
The history of the border crossing shows that the automatic AED defibrillor can save human lives.
The Voivodship Emergency Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be placed in the sensitive points of the city.
The functionaries received congratulations from the Voivodship Emergency Emergency Station in Przemyśl for their attitude.
Applicant Daniel Cyrnek, Senior Applicant Grzegorz Bal and Commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officials of the Podkarpackie Tax Cells Office in Przemyśl.
On 28 August they served on the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medina. A functionary at the Celno-Carbon Service noticed a lying unconscious man in the pedestrian area.
Chinese activist died under torture.
He wanted to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Constitution
He called Cao Shuxia, the wife of an activist, on September 23, the Communist Party secretary from her home village, to announce that the husband had just died in a military hospital in Hengyang.
What was the cause of death--he did not reveal.
Cao saw her husband's body blurred, unrecognizable and unrecognizable.
“His eyes, his ears, his nose and his mouth were all in blood,” says the woman.
"They did not let me take the cells with them, and there were a lot of police officers around who couldn't get close to Wang."
Police pressured her to sign a statement that the husband was seriously ill and died as a result of an “unfortunate accident”.
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Centre for Research and Development
Nearly PLN 105 million of funding will go to companies from the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
The National Research and Development Centre announced the results of the GameINN programme on Friday.
Among the nearly 30 projects supported by the NCBR were the development of a platform for development of field games based on the AR game engine, which created a real-world map with an application for data transmission by users; a testing and training platform for practical verification of the workplace skills and professional development using VR and AI technologies; an innovative simulation game for managing real production processes using a novel model of the game based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the concept of industry 4.0 – a PAP communication from the NCBR.
The aim of the GameINN sector programme is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish video game sector in the global market by 2023.
According to the NCBR, the Polish video game sector is already growing at a rate of 10% per year.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 amounted to PLN 1.85 billion, and the forecast for 2019 was PLN 2.23 billion.
“The GameINN research agenda, which has already been specifically prepared and has been supporting entrepreneurs with a sectoral programme of 300 million PLN, is an important impetus for the further dynamic growth of the Polish gamedev”, we read in the communication.
The video game industry is an excellent example of how we can make the most of the potential we have in Poland.
“The government’s incentives for entrepreneurs to innovate, such as R&D rebates, competence upgrading programmes, IP boxes and support programmes implemented by NCBR stimulates the innovative activities of companies and allows them to compete more effectively in a highly competitive market,” says the Deputy Prime Minister, the Minister of Science and Higher Education, Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the communication.
The head of the Science Department points out that innovation money not only goes to innovators in the form of project co-financing, but is also in their pockets – three quarters of more entrepreneurs have benefited from R&D in 2018 than they did a year ago.
“The amount of the deducted costs relating to R&D activities amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in over PLN 300 million savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is the equivalent of the support provided by the NCBR in the three GameINN editions,” underlines the Deputy Prime Minister.
Dr. Wojciech Kamieniecki, Director of the NCBR, recalls that in two previous co-financing competitions with a total value of more than 211.2 million PLN, 78 innovative projects were awarded.
The huge interest in the third contest and the variety of applications submitted show that the video game industry has ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
“It is particularly pleasing that among the projects identified – as in previous editions – there are projects for solutions that not only serve entertainment, but also for industry 4.0,” he adds.
In the third GameINN competition for funding of up to 20 million PLN could be applied by entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of companies with scientific units.
The NCBR received 87 applications for the total amount of PLN 317 million.
The budget of the competition at the time of the announcement of the competition amounted to PLN 100 million, but was increased, making 27 projects awarded almost PLN 105 million.
Detailed information about the results of the GameINN III competition is available on ncbr.gov.pl.
The GameINN sectoral programme is implemented within the framework of the Intelligent Development Operational Programme.
The NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to the initiative of entrepreneurs associated in the Polish Games Agreement, which includes companies such as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team and 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga confessed to the theft of Kasper Dolberg's watch
The event took place on 16 September.
Dolberg, who arrived at the end of August from Ajax Amsterdam to Nice, realized after training that his watch had disappeared from the garment.
Not at all, because of the worth of EUR 70 000.
The rage of the Danes did not appear the next day in classes explaining gastric problems.
The matter was a puzzling one from the beginning.
Footballers in the cabin are available as a private safe, and the club's area is monitored.
According to the AFP, he finally admitted theft to Diaby-Fadiga.
The 18-year-old had already apologized to Dolberg and other bandmates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised the Danes to pay back the money for the watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most promising players of the young generation in France.
He joined Nice as a thirteen-year-old, and made his debut in the first team three years later.
This season he played in seven games.
He has just signed a professional contract, but, according to the newspaper "L'Equipe", the club will probably resolve it with immediate effect.
For the time being, he has started disciplinary proceedings against his competitor.
Nice, at least officially, refuses to comment on this.
Make sure you're washing your hands well
We all know that you need to wash them (e.g. after coming home or before meals).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it in the right way.
This is especially important now that autumn infections are approaching.
It takes at least 30–40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove dangerous bacteria and viruses from our hands
Yet most of us wash them shorter!
Simply hot water and simple soap – it is not true that it has to be antibacterial (many doctors even revive them).
When we washing, we are not only comforting the backs and the tops of the hand, but also: the tips of the fingers (whether or not connected) – console them with coloured movements over the interior of the other hand, the spaces between the fingers (wash your fingers), your fingers, your fingers, your fingers, your fingers, your fingers, your fingers, your fingers, your fingers, your fingers, your fingers, your fingers, and you will be shooting your hand for a while to the right and your left.
In an emergency situation (when you cannot wash your hands) we should wipe your hands with a wet handkerchief, and then use an anti-bacterial gel (in poultry, from 5 zł).
After using the public toilet, do not touch the washed hands with handles or doors (recommendation of the Chief Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them through the paper towel.
Iranian President Donald Trump says he has rejected a proposal for talks with the US, Donald Trump denies
Tehran has not entered into talks with the US side during the UN General Assembly in New York, despite the US offer of lifting sanctions, declared Iranian President Hasan Rowhani on Friday.
U.S. President Donald Trump commented that it was the Iranian side that asked for the restriction to be lifted, which he refused.
According to Iranian President Hasan Rowhani, the Americans have proposed lifting all the sanctions imposed on Tehran in exchange for negotiating a new international agreement.
It would regulate both Iran's nuclear programme and the ballistic missiles programme.
Rowhani: Iran will not engage in the atmosphere of maximum pressure
The Iranian President said he did not agree to take these talks because of the “toxic atmosphere”.
He declared that he had met American diplomats because he had been impressed by France, Germany and the United Kingdom.
He stressed, however, that Iran will not engage in talks in an atmosphere of “maximum pressure”.
“And even if we want to negotiate with Americans in 5+1 format, no one can predict what the end result will be,” Rowhani said.
The day before, the Iranian leader said that he was not excluding talks with the US and that European parties were accused of favouring US sanctions against Iran.
He added that the sanctions imposed on Iran after the US emerged from the nuclear agreement were “the preconditions that do not allow” to enter into dialogue.
If we can lift this precondition and if America lifts the sanctions and the maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America,’ he declared.
He added that he did not rule out a meeting with US President Donald Trump, even though he did not agree to such a discussion at the UN General Assembly last week.
Trump: "Iran asked, I said no"
Donald Trump tweeted that it was he who rejected the request from the Iranian website.
“Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them so that we could meet.
Of course I said 'no!'' tweeted the President of the United States.
Tensions with nuclear agreement in the background
France, Germany and the United Kingdom are trying to alleviate the tensions between Washington and Tehran in some form to rescue the 2015 agreement with Iran, of which they were signatories.
It stipulated that, in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions, Iran would abandon its nuclear weapons programme and that the nuclear sector would be subject to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) control.
Since the withdrawal of the US from the agreement in May 2015, the other signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in force.
None of this has come out of it for now.
Washington is applying the tactics of maximum pressure to Iran, and sanctions include the full embargo on Iran's oil.
Tehran has announced that if he does not receive a licence to export the raw material, he will limit his commitments to the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESS: Cabaret under Wyrwigroszem
We have access for you!
The Cabaret under Wyrwigroszem will apply on 6 October at 4:00 in the Hrubieszow Cultural House. in Hrubieszów.
The Kabaret under Wyrwigroszem will present a program titled "This game".
There will be, among other things, talks about the jaw drinks and about the Thorian geothermalia.
Tickets are for 60 zł, they can be purchased in HDK, as well as on the ticket page.towakasa.pl.
For TZ readers, we have free entries.
How to get them, check our Facebook page.
The judge of the Voivodeship Administrative Court in Warsaw and the husband of the hejter of Emilia, who, according to her words and screenshots of WhatsAppa, participated in the stalking against judges on Wednesday, was restored to the NSA's ruling.
Reason: disciplinary proceedings have not been initiated against him, so there is no reason to uphold the order of the President of the WSA Wojciech Mazura to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, a disciplinary spokesman at the NSA, initiated investigations against Szmydt at the end of August, but it has not yet turned into proceedings against him.
Although the NSA, which in such cases acts as a disciplinary court, has to deal with the decision of the President of the WSA within one month of its issue.
In this situation, the judge who spoke publicly about the mental problems of his wife in order to discredit her, who, because of suspicions of participation in the Hejterski group, was removed from the KRS office, will return to his judgment and will pass judgment on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his participation in the group.
He claims that there is no evidence for this, except for the falsified screenshots and the words of his wife, with whom he is divorcing.
This is exactly what the other judges associated with the "Caste" claim: they are all innocent, there is no evidence.
And quite possibly they will bet on theirs.
Because the prosecution did not stick with its fingers to secure the evidence from their electronic carriers, it also remains silent about the content of Emilija Szmydt's phone, which it stopped in June in another case.
The police did not stick with their fingers in order to secure the equipment of people whom, as persecutors, Judge Waldemar Żurek pointed out in a February report.
There is no evidence: there is no case of Szmydta, there is no case of "Kasty."
Neither is the case of the head of the NIK Marian Banasia for renting a building to suteneers and hiding incomes.
The CBA checks his property statements.
And he will check when he will check.
But the Deputy Ethics Commission will not take care of Banas, because the Sejm is suspended (but the Committee of State Control has somehow gathered to take a bizarre decision to cancel Banasia’s deputies and appoint his lawyer, although the law of such a strange combination does not provide for it).
The whole reminds me of an American film novelty, I guess, about how the wife returns home and finds her husband in bed with a lover.
He is so astonished and crushed that he cannot throw out a word.
She is standing in the door shut down, and during this time the lover quickly jumps out of bed, dresses up and goes out.
And the husband had a bed.
When a wife regains her voice and shouts: what is it to be?
Who is this woman?
The husband is quietly asking: what woman, what kind of love?
Only that the case of Casta or Banasia is a parody of the state.
And it is not ridiculous at all.
MAXIPIZE: Signing a contract with an auditor for the audit of financial statements for the years 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S.A. informs that on 27 September 2019 it signed an agreement with the Premium Audit Company of o.o. with its registered office in Poznań on Czartoria Street 1/1, which was entered under the number KRS 0000540136 in the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register led by the Court of Rejo Poznań – New City and Wilda in Poznań, the VIII Division of the Economic Economy of the National Court Register, listed on the list of entities entitled to audit the financial statements under number 3992.
The subject of the agreement is the examination of the financial statements of Maxipizza S.A. for the following financial years: a. from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, b. from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, c. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in the final high jump
Earlier this season returning to the competition after maternity break, Bronze medalist in the FIFA World Cup in London 2017, defeated 1,85 and 1,89 in the first attempt and 1.92.
1,94 only managed to obtain it in the third approach.
“I am glad.
I have shown that I can fight because the first test was completely unsuccessful.
In the final, I will have to jump better technically,” said Lićwinko.
Vashti Cunningham and Karyna Demidik were the best in the race, after 1.94.
The two players were the only ones to sneak at any height.
The final jump is scheduled for Monday.
The beginning at 19:30 Polish time.
Morawiecki's cornel is in a serious hospital
He went to the hospital and his doctors described his condition as severe.
One should add that he is conscious and conscious.
“We believe that it will come out that it will win once again.
We all pray for him to recover," an anonymous close person to Cornel Moravia in an interview with the journalists of the Super Express.
In the forthcoming elections, the prime minister's father is standing for the Senate.
“I have a family and a politician in my life,” said Kornel Morawiecki in an interview, which two weeks ago he gave to the journalists of the Super Express.
In January, "Super Express" reported that a 7-8-year-old Morawiecki Cornel was researched at the Military Hospital in Wrocław.
“I had some strange, disturbing symptoms and went to the hospital.
It turned out that I have a yellow lady.
But the worst was before me.
When a computer tomography study was carried out, it was found that I had a pancreatic tumor...”, the prime minister’s father said.
A few days later, Moravia Cornel underwent serious surgery at the IMSWiA Hospital in Warsaw.
As Morawiecki said, President Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain, priest Zbigniew Kras, to the hospital.
The operation lasted about three hours and was successful.
“I know that many people prayed for me, and I thank you very much for that.
Fortunately, I have no metastasis.
I don’t know if I will be undergoing chemotherapy.
I give myself to specialist doctors, who are rather good-minded.
For now, after this severe operation, I have to return to some kind of utility state.
I hope that everything will be good,’ said Kornel Morawiecki in January in an interview with the “SE”.
“If I had been too late, the situation would have been tragic, and I would have said goodbye to this fate...”, he added.
Kraków: The 14 year old missing
Officers from the City Police Center in Krakow are looking for a 14-year-old Nel Stokłosa.
Anyone who has any information about the missing is asked to contact us.
She left her residence on the night of 26 September and has not returned to her relatives until now.
The last time she was seen at Old Gościniec Street in Kraków.
Nel The hair is 14 years old, it is 167 cm old, it has blond hair and black eyes.
When she was recently seen, she was dressed in a blasphemy, gray pants and shoes.
Anyone who has any information about the missing person is asked to contact the police under the tel no. 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The power of the Olivian jumps.
The title of the coverage of amateur sporting events held on the Sunday afternoon of September 15 on a hypodrome at Oleandra Street in Oława may be misleading for some.
For the real power is a long way to go, but this is what is referred to as one of the types of the contest...
The competition of the power of the jump consists in overcoming by the rider and horse increasingly higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions exceed as much as two metres.
It is worth to add here that the world record set by Chilean Albert Larraguibel on the "Huaso" horse was 247 cm long and still unknown.
Of course, nobody jumped so high in Oławie, but the result of the best local amaze at the level of 135 cm is not one of the worst...
The competition organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other JKS JKS activists “In the Sodle” was a demonstration part of the "Rainbow Hearing Competitions" which were held somewhat earlier, and which are described in more detail in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight amazing men were competing in the JKS.
Four of them competed on the stove, four on the big horses.
In the first group, Nikola Sołdra was best known for his crazy "Sprinter".
This small but very dynamic rumor started by overcoming obstacles spread over a height of 40 cm, and ended only at a station with a 125 cm distance from the ground.
However, it was easy not to give up, and only after three consecutive refusions was the jury removed from the competition from further competition.
The second place in the jump was taken by Amelia Pawlak, who possessed the "Famy" and the third place by Lena Boruń in the "Harmider".
Inga Aksman, the youngest participant in the tournament, galloping and jumping through obstacles to a small mare of "Carmen", fought amazingly.
Even more emotions were accompanied by the starters of the amazon and the audience during the competition with the big horses.
The grostes of the collapse included Paulina Szewczyk, who possessed a "Declaration" and Anastasia Abramenko, who was driving on "Lot".
Fortunately, apart from fine trimmings, neither amazon nor horse bad happened, so they continued to participate in the competition.
There were many problems with the introduction of a young maiden “Wineta” to the park, which was hosted by Weronika Łuczkiewicz.
They needed either an assistant trainer or another horse to pair, behind which a little crazy "Wineta" was mad.
When the obstacle from the park was recognised, she also slipped with a full duty, so in moments in the boxes and in the detergent it became dangerous. “Everything is under control!,” reassured Jan Sienkiewicz a bit of this frightened audience, especially the youngest ones.
Since the beginning of the contest, Marta Masalska has been performing excellently on the park, with a beautiful presentation of "Whisky".
This dignified mare, along with an experienced amazon, followed the second approach in the final phase, which was the first to jump 135 cm and was the best result of the competition at the moment.
After a while, however, Paulina Szewczyk also counted the same height on the “Declaration”, Weronika Łuczkiewicz on the “Winet” and Anastasia Abramenko on “Lot”.
The decoration of the floors and after the reception of the riding equipment, all of these athletes went together, and finally, together with the amazons on the cousins in the tact of Radecki's march, they made a successful round of honours, ending those interesting and emotional competitions.
Acknowledgements
The rival sports club "W Siodle" cordially thanks sponsors of the competition to the power of the jump during the 16th "Tęczowe Zawodów Jeździecki": to the City Office in Oławie, to the Department of Water and Sewerage in Oław, to the County Starostwo and to the company "Mustang".
Max Kolonko separates himself from KWW Patriotic Revolution Max Kolonko
The Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko is the name of the Electoral Committee under which the #R Revolution of Mariusz Max Kolonko was to go to the parliamentary elections in October.
The revolution addressed its proposal to young voters with right-wing views in particular.
Before the elections, Kolonko had announced his cooperation with Mark Jakubiak or Paul Kukiz, but none of these coalitions took place, and the Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko itself failed to gather enough signatures to issue letters in any of the Polish constituencies.
Now Kolonko tweeted that he had ended his partnership with KW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko.
"I will expect my name to be deleted from the KWW.
I kindly ask you not to include my person with the above-mentioned entity”, he added and announced that more information will be provided soon.
For the time being, it is not known whether the journalist will continue his work, or whether it is the end of the #R Formation Revolution.
On July 4, American Independence Day, a US-based journalist, Mariusz Max Kolonko, announced the formation of a new political group, the #R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko has been famous for running Max TV on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
“We have enough politicians, enough of your dirty games, enough of your amateur governments.
It is time for the authorities in the country to take the Nation and rule for the good of the Nation,” said Kolonko.
The party's program included issues relating to the judiciary (should be elected in general elections), tax changes (equalisation of a tax-free amount for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid for countries in the eastern flanka of NATO, with particular emphasis on Poland), holding a referendum on the possession of weapons, limiting the number of members of parliament and the introduction of single-member constituencies.
A few days after the new political formation was announced, Mariusz Max Kolonko began talks with Mark Jakubiak.
At the end of July, Kolonko posted on his social media profile a suggestion that #R would join forces with the Kukiz movement15.
However, none of these coalitions ultimately happened.
UBS: Gold close to the point of balance
“The euro exchange rate will remain around PLN 4.35 in the coming months, accompanied by a weak economic situation in the global markets,” says Michael Bolliger of UBS Wealth Management.
“The expectations of maintaining a strong growth rate and a stable monetary policy are inclined to stabilise the golden ratings at the current ceiling,” says the specialist in an interview with Bankier.pl.
In his opinion, despite the clear inflationary pressures, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to increase rates in an environment in which the vast majority of central banks ease policies.
“As long as the gold is properly valued, the Euro quotations should remain in the next few months in the area of the ceiling of 4.35 PLN – Polish bonds are unattractive.
“Michael Bolliger, head of asset allocation in emerging markets with UBS Wealth Management, said: “We believe that emerging market bonds are much more favourable for Polish securities.
According to the expert, the main threat to the Polish economy is the global economic downturn.
“Global slowdown may get worse, but there should not be a severe recession, and at most the GDP dynamics should go down slightly below zero,” says Michael Bolliger.
“Investors should be under-represented in global actions that may be detrimental to the lack of prospects for a solution to the trade conflict between the US-China and other geopolitical risk factors, including the Donald Trump impeachment and brexit.
The most vulnerable stock markets should behave in Europe, according to a recent letter to investors by the head of UBS Wealth Management Mark Haefele.
“Actions from eurozone countries should behave worse than the US, because they are more susceptible to increased uncertainty around global trade and fears of slowdown,” the document says.
According to Michael Bolliger, after the hossa on the bond markets of the safest countries pushed the profitability of Germany's 10-year-olds to a minus of 0.74 percent, it is still possible to exacerbate the decline in profitability.
In the long term, however, the profitability of long-term securities should no longer fall, but only in the short term, by easing banks' monetary policy.
The Fed has the largest scope for lowering rates, which should lead to a weakening of the US currency over the next few years.
The long-term balance for the euro is the ceiling of USD 1.29, which would mean a 19% potential for strengthening the single currency to the dollar.
We expect further reductions in Fed rates, which will result in a reduction in the differences in monetary policy in the world.
“Continuing the strength of the dollar in the long term may not allow the current and budgetary deficits,” says Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehra is losing weapons.
Confidential report of the German MON
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehra has recorded the disappearance of 39 guns, 39 armaments and 19,445 ammunition units, according to a confidential statement in the defense of the Federal Republic of Germany.
The press reported the news to the media group EdaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the parliamentary office of the Secretary of State in MON Peter Tauber (CDU), two weapons, one part of arms and 3474 ammunition, have been once again targeted.
Among the military equipment still missing are six MG3, 11 G3 automatic guns, four G36 G36, six signal guns, and two P8 guns.
In addition, 30 guns for MG3 machine guns are missing.
The situation was expressed by the Vice-President of the Left, Martin Renner.
As the RND journalists have said, the number of missing weapons and ammunition is ‘frightening’.
This is all the more true as the investigations have managed to find only a small fraction of the lost equipment.
Martin Renner summarised the effects of these measures as a “poor balance sheet”.
She also criticised the fact that it is not clear from the table whether there were weapons found during the investigation of the Bundeswehr Franco A. In December 2017, the Federal Prosecutor's Office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a serious act of violence that threatened the security of the state and violated the provisions of the law governing access to firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing attacks on leading German politicians for extreme right-wing and racist reasons.
Heiko Maas of the SPD, Claudia Roth of the Greens, and Anetta Kahane, a human rights defender and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung foundation in Berlin, were included on his “blacklist” of goals that came into the hands of prosecutors.
Franco A. illegally owned four guns, more than 1,000 ammunition and more than 50 explosives.
Children crying on the plane.
How to avoid them?
There is a solution
Japan Airlines has recently used a function developed for people who are crying a nightmare in the company of crying children.
Through their website, the airline makes it possible to check the distribution of seats on the aircraft.
If a particular connection is made by minors to the second year of age, the ‘child' junk appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, a person who uses the services of a carrier has the option of choosing a place away from that occupied by a baby.
The BBC states that airlines have already reported the deficiencies of this solution.
The ‘child icon’ will not appear if the ticket has been booked by a third party or if the aircraft has changed at the last minute.
As expected, the idea was shared by netizens.
Some Twitter users point to the fact that travelling with crying children can be solved with headphones that reduce noise.
They are children, we were children at one time.
“We need to learn tolerance, because soon we will need a map of places for breathing mouths, saliva or drunk mouths,” wrote G Sundar.
Another netizens noted that he was once interrupted by crying his children on the plane, but he changed his mind when he became a parent.
There is also a shortage of supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
“Thank you for warning me against shouting children during a 13-hour trip,” wrote Rahat Ahmed.
Majorca counts losses following the bankruptcy of his travel agent Thomas Cook
More than 25,000 foreign tourists will not go to Majorca in October as a result of the bankruptcy announced on Monday by the travel agent Thomas Cook.
As announced on Friday by the representative of the autonomous government of Balearic Islands Marc Pons, among the 25,000 holidaymakers who will not be able to take October's holiday in Mallorca, there are also people who were to travel with companies that were indirectly associated with Thomas Cook, such as the company Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80% of the expected holiday makers who had to give up their holidays in Majorca due to the bankruptcy of the British company next month are German and Scandinavian citizens.
However, according to Pons, due to the fact that Thomas Cook did not target tourists on the island of Balearic during the November-April period, the losses for the local economy will be reduced.
He revealed that the Balearic Government had already begun negotiations with international operators on "the entry of Mallorca" following the bankruptcy of the UK operator.
According to estimates from the newspaper Diario de Mallorca, over 1,000 people will lose their jobs because of the tourist crisis in Mallorca in October.
Around 800 are redundant workers in the offices of Thomas Cook in Palma.
Other people will lose their jobs mainly in the hospitality sector.
On Monday, with the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook in many of the Major Hotel owners demanded that guests pay an extra charge for the accommodation.
This situation was experienced by dozens of tourists from Poland.
The Balearic Government estimates that by Thursday, dozens of hotels in Mallorca had stopped operating at least until the end of October, following Thomas Cook’s declaration of bankruptcy and the companies cooperating with him.
On Friday, the newspaper Diario de Ibiza points out that most of the hotels operating in Ibiza, which have collaborated with the Thomas Cook group, do not have the intention of closing down facilities in the coming weeks.
The newspaper reminds us that on the island of Balearic, the British bankrupt operated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the autonomous authorities in the Balearic Islands announced that they would ask the Spanish Government to support the region with a sum of €100 million to cover the losses caused by the announcement of bankruptcy by the travel agent Thomas Cook.
They have revealed that the most affected by the archipelago of tourists, about 36,000 people, are located in Mallorca.
According to the Balearic Government, Thomas Cook is backing local tourism companies, mainly hotels operators, for the implementation of contracts relating to the July–September period, around €5 million.
Ranking FIFA women.
Poland continues at the 29th place, USA at the forefront
The women's representation in Poland is ranked 29th in the International Football Federation (FIFA) ranking published on Friday.
On the same position, the coach team of Miłosza Stępiński was ranked in the previous July compilation.
Weak HR matches.
How will it be in October?
The leaders were the Americans who recently defended the title of world champion.
The second place in the ranking was maintained by the Germans, and the third place remained by the Dutch.
Polish women are preparing for the ME qualification.
They were supposed to start a match with Czeszki on 3 September.
The day before the meeting it was postponed by one year because of food poisoning of opponents.
In this situation, Polki will inaugurate a qualification meeting with the Spanish people on 12 November in Lublin.
Before that, the White-Czerwone will play two friendly games, on 3 October with Cyprus and five days later with Brazil in Kielce.
In the group of rivals Polek are the representatives of Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The winners of the groups and the top three teams from the other places advance directly to the final.
The other six teams from the other positions will play in the last three passes to the European championship.
The stake of 16 participants will be added to the host country, England.
Poland's men's representation in the FIFA ranking in September fell from 20 to 22nd.
“Rz”: Smog overwhelmed the government
"The Clean Air outcomes are scarce, and coal stoves will be kicking as never before," we read on the front page of today's "Republic".
“Until now, the Clean Air Programme has made 82 thousand applications for funding of PLN 2 billion, of which 48 thousand were positive.
The approved applications amount to more than PLN 915 million in total, according to "Rz", citing data from the Minister of the Environment's spokesman.
As the newspaper points out, only a portion of the costs incurred are reimbursed from the programme.
The results of the announced rubbish of the program are judged as "modest".
Local governments, quoted by “Rz”, are facing the failure of “Clean Air” in too much bureaucracy.
“The programme should be much simpler: electronic declaration, invoicing by mail, a possible random inspection of implementation.
The Mayor of Lidzbarka, Jacek Wiśniowski, believes that this would make things easier.
Activists from the Polish Smog Almarmu, on the other hand, note that in the first year of operation less than 1% of the target of replacement of 3 million kicking boilers were realized.
As the “Rz” notes, although the programme’s budget is PLN 103 billion for 10 years, i.e. PLN 10 billion a year, the amount is virtual.
“In the budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management for this year, a rapture of PLN 1.4 billion was reserved,” we read.
Congress agrees to F-35 for Poland
Blacksmith: Now the price negotiations
The U.S. Congress has agreed to sell 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft to Poland.
"This is one of the last steps before the contract is concluded, but not the end of our work," wrote Mariusz Błaszczak on Twitter.
“We will negotiate hard to achieve the best price”, added the Polish minister.
Agreement for the Polish F-35
The F-35 Lightning II was eventually built by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the U.S. Department of State agreed to sell them to Poland.
The communication underlines that investment will support national security and the United States' foreign policy by improving the security of NATO's ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to information from the State Department, Poland has to pay for the $6.5 billion fighters.
However, this is not the final price.
The State Department pointed out that the contract will also include the delivery of spare and repair parts, training equipment, engineering, logistics and staff services, and related elements of logistics and programme support and staff training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters
The F-35 Lightning II fighter, produced by Lockheed Martin, is a single-seat, single-engine, multi-engine fighter aircraft of the fifth generation.
The aircraft is capable of carrying out missions that are close to support, bombardment and typical air fighting tasks.
Thanks to the technology, the fighter stealth is undetectable for short-range radar radars.
The F-35 recently bought Belgium under a $4.55 billion contract.
The Belgians want to replace them with an ageing F-16.
The purchase of American combat aircraft is also to be considered by other US allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
Producer Barbie introduced a series of sex neutral dolls to the market.
He wants to fight stereotypes in this way.
Producer Barbie introduced a series of sex neutral dolls to the market
In addition to Barbie of various skin colors, figures, and hairstyles, Mattel has introduced gender-neutral dolls.
The toys in the "Creatable World" series wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie has short hair or long hair.
Their wardrobe is made up of both trousers and dresses.
In a blink of an eye the dolls from the girls can become boys and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
The emphasis on gender characteristics was also abandoned, with gendeur dolls no longer full of mouths, long eyebrows and a lean waist or, in the case of Kena, wide arms.
The company thinks that children do not like when their dolls have imposed gender standards, and some parents and feminists are convinced that toys made with a specific gender in mind are hindering girls' ambitions and strengthening traditional stereotypes.
“New dolls will allow all children to feel free,” says Mattel.
Barbie Light, which appeared on the market in 1959 in swimwear and shoes on high aliens, has been criticized in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes" such as unnatural body balance.
The company has reacted to criticism and has already introduced dolls of various skin colours as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls in the hijab.
Mr Zandberg: Wheel or Club Total can have a dozen or so Members
Zandberg asked on radio how many candidates of his party could enter the Sejm from a letter from the left-wing groups (the KW SLD from which candidates for the Sejm, Spring and Left Razem, competing with the common logo “Lewic”), said that this depends on the outcome of the committee.
"I believe that the Left's result will be very good, for we feel that people are bound by the hope that the Left is no longer just right, but that it has strength," he said.
According to Zandberg, the left may have 60 to 80 seats.
“It may mean that the wheel or the club together will have a dozen Members.
But it depends on the Poles and Poles.
I will not guess and say how this will happen,” he said.
Make sure the Left together will have a separate circle, Zandberg replied: “We are determined to be diverse, and we will not pretend that this diversity does not exist.
I think that this diversity was rewarded by the Polish people, because we showed that we were able to agree on a common agenda when we were different.”
When asked if the largest beneficiary of the joint start was the leader of the SLD Vladimir Charzasta, Zandberg replied that, in his opinion, the biggest beneficiaries were the centre-left and left-wing voters.
In turn, note that it would be the SLD that would receive all of the subsidies, he replied, "The purpose of a political party is to represent its voters."
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the elections to the Sejm.
In the case of elections to the Senate, he pointed out that he was wondering.
“The offer is diverse, and there are candidates and candidates to whom my heart is closer, but there are also those to whom my heart is further,” he said.
“I will tell you very honestly and clearly that if I had found myself in County No.44, I would have taken an electoral certificate and voted in another constituency,” he stressed.
“I wouldn’t have been tempted to vote for Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO candidate - PAP)”, he added.
Polish citizen leader Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki of PiS are taking part in this district outside Ujazdowski.
Dakar: The largest mosque in West Africa is opened
Tens of thousands of people from all over Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday to inaugurate a huge mosque, considered the largest in West Africa.
The Muslims arrived by bus, by car and on foot in the Bopp neighborhood, where a new mosque could accommodate 30,000 people.
The building was built by the Mouride Brotherhood, owned by the Sophie of Islam, which dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago in a wet area of six hectares, handed over by the government.
The name of Massalikul Jinan mosque comes from the title of a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the nineteenth-century founder of the brotherhood, worshiped by followers as a saint.
The mosque is embedded in the marble and has five minarets.
The tallest one is 78 metres.
The mosque in the middle can accommodate 15 thousand believers, and the second one can be in the outer esplanade.
In the richly finite interior, you can admire the drawn dome, the giant chandeliers and the decorations manually made by Moroccan workers.
Builders claim that the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the edifice still has no comparison to mosques in other regions.
In Morocco, the Hassan II mosque in Casablanca can hold 105,000 faithful.
The construction of the mosque, which cost more than 30 million euros, was financed by private donations.
The government, in addition to the land, has fed lighting, sanitary facilities and financed road works worth EUR 10.5 million.
Lying Coach: Our problem is not Silesia, it is only we ourselves.
Passa of eight league matches without winning the Crown players will try to break off in Friday's meeting with the Vice-President of the Extra-Class of Silesia.
“Our problem is not conglomerating, we only need to work on what we play,” emphasised the coach of Mirosław Smyła.
Footballers of the Crown last and so far the only win in the league was in the first line when they defeated the 1–0 league match at the end of the season.
Later, the glasses recorded two draws and six failures, and on Tuesday they lost 0:1 to Zagłębie Lubin in 1/32 of the Polish Cup final.
“I am optimistic that in the last few seconds of the cup game the players fought for a goal, they wanted to draw.
Their downfall on the grassland after the last whistle was not a result of the collapse, but it was a fall of anger, for they were so close,” said the Light.
As he pointed out, Silesia has very strong wings, which is why it will make the team more intense in the side sectors of the pitch.
“We are aware of the quality of the opponent, but we also look at what we want to play,” added the coach.
In Friday's game in the Crown certainly will not be paused for the excess of the yellow cards Ognjen Gnjatic, and the frame will also run out of injured James Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski.
However, it is encouraging to sign up in the cup game for a number of players who are willing to play.
“We have a headache, and recently it seemed that he was not going to be, and now he is,” said the Blessed One.
Crown defender Daniel Dziwniel emphasized that Silesia would not be an easy rival to break the leg of eight league games in a row without winning, but in extra-class everyone can win with everyone.
“We are a good team.
In recent weeks, we may not show it on the field, but the moment will come when we will win and we believe it will be on Friday.”
After nine queues of extradition, the Crown, with five points, ranks 15.
Silesia gathered 12 more and ranks second.
Friday match in Kielce will start at 20.30.
These trees can completely disappear from Europe
“42% of European tree species are at risk,” warns the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in the “Red Book of European Trees” published on Friday.
The head of the lists are chestnut and yarzębina.
IUCN, an organisation based in Gland, Switzerland, is publishing a list of threatened European trees species for the first time.
It was drawn up by specialists who, based on the research, concluded that of the 454 species of trees found in Europe (and elsewhere in the world) 42 percent were “highly endangered”.
Among the causes of the Red Paper is the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, the most vulnerable are those trees and bushes that are found only or mainly on our continent.
As for typically European trees, 58% of species are threatened by IUCN specialists, and 15 percent, 66 species of trees and bushes, are threatened with extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red Paper mentions the errors in the exploitation of timber, accelerated urbanisation, over-exploitation of trees, and, subsequently, forest fires and changes in the European ecostry.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of bushes, mosses and lichens is also under serious threat.
“The consequences of human activities lead to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and pose a danger in Europe of extinction of important and undervalued varieties, which are the cornerstone of European ecosystems and have an impact on the health of the planet,” said Luc Bas, head of the European IUCN.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I do not promise 600+
“Today, PiS wants to bribe Poles, offering them for their freedom to distribute to the credit they will have to pay to future generations,” says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview for “Rzeczpospolita”.
In his view, “the whole policy of PiS is drinking”.
At the same time, the politician promises that “what is given will not be taken away”.
Schethin asserts in a conversation with Jack Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat the Law and Justice.
It is about mobilising the electorate at the ballot box.
In his opinion, the opposition has more potential in this area than the Kaczyński party.
“Today, conscious people who want to live in a normal state are more than supporters of the PiS, a party that has misbelieved the declared values, such as humility, humility, transparency,” Schetyna says.
The Leader of the Citizens’ Coalition and the Chairman of the Civic Platform also emphasised the basic principles of the KO’s electoral programme.
“First of all, nothing given will be received, but we need to set the course for the future, because PiS only deals with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even after dramatically low investments,” he said.
Secondly, it is a matter of “motivating the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work honestly – and those who are entrepreneurial”.
Schetyna explains that the KO program includes a project that will give the least earning Poles 614 zlotys on hand and more earning money – also a few hundred each.
The politician also pointed out that he does not want to prosecute the distribution.
As he said, he would do as much as he could do, but he did not promise 600+.
“I will never allow the Greek variant, where the rulers bid with opposition to the distribution until the financial collapse of the country finally took place,” he emphasised.
Schetyna in an interview for "Rz" also stated that Jarosław Kaczyński and Matthew Morawiecki were afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawą-Błońska.
“We would see their hypocrisy and propaganda,” he said.
“Pride is walking before the fall.
Kaczyński is a statesman like Banaś is crystal,” he added.
The Leader of the Polish People’s Party also said that he had not yet decided whether he would apply for the leadership of the Platform.
Argentina: Six dead big horses
Six dead big containers have been found in Santa Cruz Province, Argentina, as TVN24 says.
Specialists believe that human activity has contributed to their deaths.
The large circles have probably been poisoned with a means of killing predators such as pumas, foxes, and wild dogs.
The animals could eat toxic carrion.
In addition to one young individual, the rest of the dead tractors were grown up.
“This is a big damage to the environment, because the horse has to be 10–15 years old to become fertile and able to reproduce.
So we are losing a protected species, an endangered species,” says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an environmental organisation in Argentina.
“I think that the use of toxic bait and poison not only puts the species at risk, but all other forms of life, including human health,” he adds.
"Russia": Want a jewel to the President
Work has begun on granting the Heads of State a precious chain.
The idea was backed by Andrzej Duda, a law firm, and we read in the “Republic”.
As the newspaper explains, it is a golden chain of the Order of the White Eagle, the royal insignium officially called the jewel of the Republic of Poland during the interwar period.
President Ignacy Mościcki probably used it the last time.
"Rz" says that soon such a chain can hit Andrzej Dudy's arms.
On Wednesday, the Senate Committee on Human Rights, the Rule of Law and Petitions voted in favour of a proposal to amend the Law on Orders and Declarations to restore it.
The newspaper writes that this is not the first attempt to restore this chain to the heads of state.
The Senate already proposed such an amendment as early as 1992, but it was lost with one voice.
This time the work is instant.
At the beginning of August, Senators spent a few minutes on the matter, considering that they would consult the President’s Chancellery.
This came in mid-September.
“I kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in the petition,” wrote the presidential minister Andrzej Der.
On Wednesday, the Senate committee continued and spent little time again.
“The President’s office has briefly replied to us: it is for us to restore it,” said the head of the Committee of the Commission, Robert Mamątow of PiS, quoted by “Rz”.
He has asked for legislative work to be undertaken, which the committee has supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through the intersection
Police action will be conducted at, among others, the junction al. Hebrews from A.S. Piłsudski.
The actions of uniforms are, as it were, related to the recent complaints by the city authorities against drivers who are not always able to behave properly at the crossroads.
On Friday, September 27, police officers begin to prevent “Solidar intersections” in Rzeszów.
The aim is to eliminate traffic obstacles: entering a crossroads without the possibility of a reunion, failing to follow traffic signals or road signs.
“We often think that we are alone at the crossroads, and in fact we make life difficult for other drivers,” said Marek Ustrobiński, vice-president of the city, a few days ago.
His words were picked up at the town hall press conference, where the city authorities presented examples of car traffic inadequate at crossroads, resulting in traffic jams.
At the time, the President appealed to travellers for reason on the road and, among other things, for quicker movement of lights or non-writing of textiles during driving.
The subject, as it were, was taken over by crowds of police officers who are starting the action of "Free intersections".
What is it all about?
The aim of the action is to eliminate the limitation of passage at the intersections of drivers entering them without being able to continue driving.
This is a frequent offence, which contributes to increasing the handicap in traffic and creating traffic jams.
It is threatened with a mandate of PLN 300 and 2 points of punishment.
In addition, uniforms will pay attention to non-compliance with traffic light signals or signs and incorrect parking in the intersection area.
They will also observe the lack of liquidity of the ride, the late movement from the signatories, the slow passage of the intersections and the leaving too long distances between vehicles.
At which intersections will the activities be carried out?
M. in Lisa-Kuli Street, Jagiellonian Street; al. Hebrews from A.S. Piłsudski; U.S. Fair trade with A. Piłsudski; Śreniawitów Square from Dąbrowski Street and Hetmańska Street from Dąbrowski Street. The Uprising of Warsaw.
Such actions in the capital of Podkarpackie will be conducted on the following Friday of October.
They inspected the waste recycling company ‘Czaiki’
“The officials of the Environment Department of Wołomiński County County Environmental Protection and District Construction Supervision Inspectorate visited a plant in the municipality of Zielonka on Friday, where waste from the “Czajka” wastewater treatment plant in Warsaw is disposed of,” said the spokesman of the Italian-Volombian Karol Szyszko.
The inspectors from Wołomiński’s old age carried out inspections at a plant in the forests in the Municipality of Zielonka.
Under the contract with the ‘Czajka’s Capital Waste Treatment Site, the private commercial and transport unit ‘Dar-Trans’ provides services for the management of rainwater waste.
“The inspection of the installation was carried out, and the trader was also asked to provide documentation related to his business,” said Szyszko.
He added that the audit report will be forwarded to, among others, the Provincial Inspectorate for Environmental Protection in Warsaw.
The most recent audit in Dar-Transie was carried out by the Voivodship Inspectorate of Environmental Protection in Warsaw from 29 December 2015 to 11 February 2016.
It was then determined that the company had not taken samples, measurements and groundwater testing and had no results of stabilised municipal sewage sludge from the ‘Czaika’ waste water treatment plant.
Following an EIA review, Mr Sobot was summoned to put an end to the infringement of the terms of the decision.
The Dariusz Sobot is one of the companies receiving the waste in the form of stabilised municipal sewage sludge from the ‘Czaika’ treatment plant.
According to the decision to dispose of waste in the area of the product, waste is processed in forests near Greenland up to 60 000 tonnes per year.
The Warsaw City Water and Sewerage Company reported last Thursday that at the end of November and December 2018 it was discontinued from operation, which was connected with the damage to one of the incineration plants.
As reported by the MPWiK, the monthly cost of their export is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of export costs from 01.01.2019 to 31.08.2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Margorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
“You have taken on a difficult task, and you can count on my full support,” said Lech Walesa to Margorzata Kidawy-Błońska on Friday.
“Mr. President, this is very important for me,” said the candidate of the Citizen Coalition to the prime minister, the leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president emphasized that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now “only a supporter in retirement”.
Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met former President Lech Walesa in his office at the European Solidarity Centre in Gdansk on Friday.
A short conversation behind closed doors was also attended by Wałęsa's son Jaroslaw.
“You took on a difficult task,” Lech Wałęsa said after the meeting.
“You can count on my full support,” he added.
“The problems before Poland are known to all of us.
Therefore, a great hope that you, as a woman, will be able to cope with these problems, and all of us – those who love Poland – will be as supportive of your actions as possible”, said the former president, addressing Kidava-Błońska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked you for your support.
“Mr. President, it’s a very important word for me, because nobody can talk about freedom, about the constitution, and knows what is important,” she said.
“Let’s show that you can make a different, clever policy, together, but according to the constitution, according to the law, according to respect for others.
The Lord did so with his revolution, and we want to change Poland in this way,” emphasized Kidawa-Błońska.
Retirement fans
Wałęsa, in an interview with journalists, said that he is now "only a fan of retirement".
“I am, of course, looking at that.
I hope that we will reverse the course of events, that what was good, tested, (to that) we will return.
The tripartite division of power is the most important, the constitution is the most important, and the courts are necessary.
And all this needs to be read out, all this needs to be restored to normal operation, and I believe that this time we will do it.
Because if not, then we will have a street criterion”, said Lech Wałęsa.
“That is why it is so important that Poles go to the elections, reflect and make their own decision.
And that’s the most important thing,” Kidawa-Błońska said.
“The last chance that we will improve the state of things in Poland with a card paper,” the former president responded.
“We need to build the foundation again”
Asked about the most important changes that should occur in Poland, Kidawa-Błońska said: "The President said very well.
We must rebuild the foundation on which we can do all other things.
Since the tripartite division of power does not exist, since the constitution is not respected, we have to go back to the beginning and make it a matter of course and that everyone knows that, otherwise, Poland will not go any further.”
ME volleyballers: Slovenia - Poland 3:1 in the semi-final.
On a hot ground in Ljubljana, Polish volleyballers tried with the Slovenians in the semi-final of the European Championship.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussion with the judges, with the head coach of the Poles Vital Heynen in the main role.
The "Blood-Credits" lost 1:3 and will play for the bronze medal.
The Senate decided on key laws
The Senate passed without amendment the law on the disclosure of the family property of the most important civil servants and the flight of the most important people in the country.
The amendment to the Act on the property of the families of civil servants - without amendments - voted for 52 senators, 14 against, three abstained.
The senators therefore decided to reject the 12 amendments tabled by Senator Sławomir Rybicki during the debate on Wednesday.
According to him, the amendments were to ‘civilise’ the law and limit the scope of information given in the declaration of the financial situation of children of their own, of the children of the spouse, of children who were fit for use in cases where children were in a common household with a person obliged to make a declaration.
The law on the openness of the property of the families of the most important civil servants, whose draft was drafted in the Prime Minister’s office, was passed by the Sejm on 11 September.
The provisions stipulate that, inter alia, prime ministers, ministers, MEPs, senators, presidents: the Constitutional Court, the Supreme Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as those heading other state institutions, will be obliged to include in the declaration of property information about personal property of spouses, children and persons who are in common use.
The Senate also did not propose amendments to the Act on the flight of the most important people in the country.
It regulates what HEAD flights are and who can be on board the government airplanes together with the most important people in the country.
The Act also specifies who is responsible for running the Central Flight Register.
In favour of the bill – without amendments – 55 senators voted in favour, 12 against, four abstained.
According to the Act, each flight of the president will be a flight "on the official mission".
The president will be able to accompany the family members and others invited by the president.
On the other hand, the flight in the mission of the official prime minister and the marshals of the Sejm and the Senate will be only a flight “awarded for tasks directly related to the function.”
The Act also clarifies the list of persons who may accompany the most important persons in the country during the flight.
According to the rules, members of the delegation may be boarded on the plane – invited Members, senators, representatives of the public authorities and experts; persons providing technical, medical or organisational services, as well as journalists.
In accordance with the Act, in the event of doubts arising from the flight of the Marshal of the Sejm and the Senate, the head of the NPRM will ask for their clarification.
If such doubts are not clarified within the time limit, the head of the NRM will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or the Senate of the inability to organise such a flight.
A new agent for sport
Waldemar Paluch appointed his attorney for physical culture, sport and tourism.
It was followed by Artur Świątek, long-time president of the AZS PWSTE Jarosław Club, who over the last four years has been the director of the Bureau of the Rector of Iron Slavs of the University.
The project of basketball reactivation in Jarosław has recently been heavily involved in the Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek.
Artur Christmas is not an anonymous figure in the Jiroslav sporting community.
Graduate of the Physical Education Academy in White Podlaska since 2002 he has been an instructor at the National University of Technology and Economics in Jaroslavl, and for 15 years he has been the Chairman of the
After the first training in Paris, the Poles are waiting for the last rival
Polish volleyballers held their first training in Paris on Friday, where they will perform for the bronze medal on Saturday.
Vital Heynen's in charge of the title closed his defeat with Slovenians 1:3 in Ljubljana on Thursday.
It was loud about their troubles with the journey to the duel.
This time they did without such problems – on Friday afternoon they went with the Slovene charter officers to Paris, and a few hours later they trained in the famous Berkhalis.
According to the students attending the classes, the world's champions trainer was upset.
As Heynen's assistant Michał Mieszko Gogol pointed out, this time the main task was not just to exercise the volleyball elements.
"We went to the hall, but the majority was the band's time.
The idea was to spend it more together than to train.
Talk, think about how to rebuild all this as a team”, he reported.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both players and training staff.
“We were brutally brought to the ground.
Without two opinions, we are disappointed.
We still believed that we would return to the match.
We discussed this game with each other in the staff, the trainer talked to a lot of players.
As two of the main reasons for the failure, I would point out ineffectiveness in the attack and, much worse than usual, the handling of balls.
The Slovenians were much better than us in this respect,” he analysed.
In his view, the ‘Bell and Red’ precluded the stress of a performance against the co-hosts of the tournament, supported by a loud and large audience.
He admitted that the world's masters could sleep somewhat the smooth way to the semi-finals.
“It may be that, if a similar style of failure had occurred in the group phase, we would have analysed the lesson more quickly and otherwise we would be playing in the later stages of the tournament.
But it's just a while," he shot.
Gogol hopes that the anger associated with the defeat of Poles on Thursday will manage to turn into aggression in the game for bronze.
“I hope that we will show our true face then.
There is something to beat about.
Recently, we won the ME in 2011”, he recalled.
Paris is the fifth city, and France the third country visited by Poles during these championships.
In the group phase they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, the first two group-phase meetings went to Apeldoorn, and the semi-finals moved to Ljubljana.
Nick Kyrgios: a harsh punishment, but suspended
The Australian tennis player received a $25,000 $25,000 ban on start-ups and a six-month suspension fine for reprehensible words, gestures and deeds during the last ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour activists are losing patience with Kyrgios, but still give him the chance to improve.
Summary of the performances of the most unchallenged professional tennis player in recent years looks threatening – 16 weeks break plus a significant fine, but both fines are suspended for half a year – a trial period in which a recalcitrant athlete can improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24 years old, but he has long been breaking up and has made a world record of tennis – he has to pay the highest ever discipline single financial penalty for breaking the rules of behavior in and around the crowd.
Loud curses, strange gestures, non-sport behaviour, offending the judge and spectators, breaking two rockets during a losing game against Karen Chaczanov – all after the August Masters 1000 in Cincinnati, he paid $113 000.
At the US Open 2019 he also played a long time, but he was able to publicly say that ATP activists are "corrupt," which hurt the organization's authorities so much that they implemented a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and after a few weeks gave the verdict on suspension of the start and the next fine.
However, he was forgiven to speak of corruption after hearing the guilty and knowing the context of his speech.
However, in their explanatory statement, the tennis activists stated that the investigation had shown that Kyrgios’ behaviour over the past 12 months had in many cases raised serious objections and constituted an almost continuous violation of the rules, and that it had repeatedly insulted those involved in tournaments and spectators, hence a high penalty.
However, ATP gave him five days to appeal and immediately deferred the enforcement of the judgment by ordering him to meet a number of conditions in the next six months: in the ATP Tour and the ATP Challenge Tour Kyrgios tournaments, he can no longer infringe the rules of the code of conduct of professional tennis players, in particular he can no longer curse, destroy rockets, argue with judges and the public, or behave indecently and in any other way.
He also received a recommendation that he should seek “continuous support” from mentor coaches during the tournaments, and also consulted people specialising in dealing with the problems of athletes who did not cope with the correct behaviour.
The first comment (on social media) Nick Kyrgios to the verdict was: "Hey, I can still play.
I just have to control my behavior, that’s all.”
In practice, the Australian will have a break of at least two weeks, as he was heavily injured in the Lavera Cup and had to give up the next races in Beijing (September 30–6 October) and Shanghai (6–13 October).
In the ATP ranking, Kyrgios is ranked 27th.
This year he won two tournaments – in Washington D.C. and Acapulco, he earned over $1.3 million, so even after fines he will be left to do so.
GUS: In Poland you live better and better
According to a report on household budgets published by the CSO on Friday, as many as 44 per cent of households were judged as good or rather good by their financial situation.
In the previous year, the percentage was 37.2 percent, in 2016 it was 33.5 percent, and in 2009 it was never more than 30 percent since the statistical office first examined subjective assessments of the situation of households.
The total of 8.1% of households considered their situation bad or rather bad, compared with 11.2% in the previous year and more than 20 percent in 2009.
The best financial situation is for the households of the self-employed.
In this group, more than 70 per cent of respondents think that it is good or rather good.
On the other hand there are households with pensions, where the proportion of such responses was only 18%.
The number of children also has a major influence on the subjective assessment of the financial situation of households.
The worst way is for single-parent families, of which 32 percent declare a good or rather good material situation.
The proportion of couples with children varies between 55 and 60 % (depending on the number of children) and 48.8 % among non-children.
The effects of the 500+ programme are clearly visible in these statistics.
Before its commencement (in 2016) the worst material situation was assessed by single-parent families and large families (with at least three children).
Improving subjective evaluations of the financial situation of Poles is a reflection of the rapid growth in income, above all from work.
However, that is not all, because the percentage of households that think their situation is good increases faster than real incomes.
Moreover, at the level of the voivodships there is no clear relationship between the income level and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best evaluations are made by the residents of the Opole region, where 48.9% of those surveyed believe their situation to be good or rather good.
The Lubuskie voivodships (47.7%), Silesian voivodeships (47.6%), Mazowieckie (47.3%), and West Pomeranian voivodeships (47.1%).
Meanwhile, in Opole, disposable income (i.e. after paying taxes and contributions) amounted to less than 94% of the national average, and in Lubusk, 98% of the total.
The highest incomes were from residents of Mazowiecki (120 percent of the national average) and Silesian (104 percent).
On average, in Poland, disposable income per person was PLN 1693.
In real terms (after the adjustment on the impact of price changes) increased by 4.3% as compared to 2017.
Against the background of previous years this is a fairly low result.
In 2016, per capita income increased by 7 percent and a year later by 6.3 percent.
While income growth slows down, it also hampers the increase in expenditure.
These per capita amounts amounted to PLN 1,187 per person, which means that in real terms they fell by 0.7%.
This is the first such case since 2013.
In 2017, expenditure per head increased by 1.9% in real terms and by 4.3% in 2016.
Household budget surveys suggest that a statistical household currently spends 70.1% of its disposable income, while in 2014, the share exceeded 80%, and by 2006 it exceeded 90%.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a blossoming blossom
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared on the closed show of the brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Unfortunately, her style was not successful.
Mr Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is married to sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in women’s activities, for which she organises interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she has worked in the public relations sector with companies such as PZU, Red Bull and Bayer.
As a journalist, she worked in TVP1, TVN Style, and Vision Sport.
Woman is the author of the book "Mom and Dad are We", in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0 to 3 years.
She was involved in a number of projects aimed at providing support for active women in the labour market.
The activities she manages include the ‘Entrepreneurial Women Network’, the Business Women’s Field, the Women’s Congress Association, and the ‘Make Up Buisness’.
He is married to Maciej Kurzajewski, a TV presenter and a sports journalist.
They have two sons: Francis and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared in a closed show of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Natasza Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also chose the event.
The intimate show could not have taken place without a wall where the stars boasted their styles.
Unfortunately, photographers have grasped Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska's blatant mistake.
The woman dressed a white sticker under the black shirt that was shining through her.
USA: Three crew suicide carrier
Three of the sailors committed suicide aboard USS "George H. W. Bush" last week, informing the U.S. Navy.
In the last two years, five crew members of this vessel have been killed in total.
Previous suicide took place in July this year, and earlier suicide in November 2017.
According to the CNN, all three sailors shot dead last week.
Each event occurred on land when USS George H. W. Bush moored off Virginia.
So far, third-party participation has been excluded.
In addition, death is to be unrelated.
“We need everyone to be involved in making suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I would like to underline that there is no stigmatisation or other repercussions in search of help,” wrote Captain Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, on Facebook.
Niesiolowski is critical of the Pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In a conversation with Piotr Lekszycki Stefan Niesiołowski stressed that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
‘Appropriately every one of his opinions were accepted.’
Later, there was criticism of some of his actions.
“For me, it is that John Paul II was not able to eliminate the harmful activities of Rydzyk that cast a big shadow over his pontificate.
After all, this redemptorist – the pest of the Church and Poland – developed his media into the best in the lives of the pope Poles,” he explained.
Former PO politician admitted: "There were statues of dissatisfaction, the Pope said something, at one time Rydzyk did not accept, but he had the power and politicianhip he could simply throw him out of the Church or send him to a mission to New Caledonia or to Fiji to raise money for the poor.
However, John Paul II did not do this, just as his successor did,” explained Niesiolowski.
"Furthermore, the fatal case of paedophilia and the Church's activities, or indeed their absence, has come to pass.
I had a little thought forward, but I wanted to draw attention to the whole of his life.
We have known about the scale of paedophilia in the Church since relatively recently.
The question arises as to how it is possible that John Paul II, as the head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting matters,” he says in a conversation with journalist Niesiołowski.
The Polish Church is an ally of PiS.
“We must admit that during the period of Solidarity the Church was our most important ally.
All the celebrations began with the Holy Mass, and crosses were hanging everywhere.
Now these crosses are spelling, they have become a symbol of dictatorship – a sign of the regime in spelling.
I repeat: one of the most unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk are shaking the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing about this and that the Church is today an ally of PiS.
This is the black chapter of the Polish Church, for which he will pay dearly," argued Niesiołowski.
“I hope that Pope Francis will pogrom Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and some others of this kind,” he concluded.
HRUBIES: Tomorrow's commemoration of the 590th anniversary of the county
There will be a gala of concerts and auctions.
The Jubilee gala will be held in the Hrubieszowski House of Culture.
First at 10 a.m. in the church of St. Nicholas, Mass will begin.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30 a.m. in HDK.
There will be a band of songs and dance of Hrubieszowska Land.
Young people with I LO them. Stanisława Staszica will present a performance entitled "The district of Hrubieszowski: Hence my people - I live here".
The medals will then be given to Hrubieszowskie County.
At 4 p.m. the event will move to the city pedestrian area, where the concerts "Hrubieszów charity for Angelika Zińkiewicz" will take place.
They will play disco polo bands such as NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls, and the evening star Mig.
There will be auctions, including the pen and porcelain of the President of the Council of Ministers.
PZPN punishes the burdens on the stadiums.
Disqualified play
Fighting in the Polish Cup between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk for a small hair did not end in tragic times when the millimetry racked by fans from Wejherov on a millimetry, Zlatan Alomerović, passed.
After the incident, the match was interrupted for 20 minutes.
The PZPN commission investigating this case imposed a severe penalty on Gryf, excluding him from future games.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020/2021 season.
In addition, fans will not be allowed to play in the next game on their own stadium.
They will not be allowed to leave for league matches until 31 December.
Burdy, at the stadium of Widzewa Łódź, also called Silesian supporters of Wrocław.
Here, however, the sentence of the PZPN was milder, for Silesia had forewarned that similar events might occur and that it would make the relevant organs more intense.
Nonetheless, the services have allowed the Łódź fans to be crushed, burned chairs and pushed through the farm sector.
This game was interrupted for eight minutes, and the intervening police had to use water cannons.
PZPN punished Silesia with a one-off ban in the closest match in the Polish Cup and prohibited the organization of trips to the matches and the next edition of the PP.
The tour was also banned by the Extra-class league, but will last until 31 December.
The names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDDKiA plans to exchange marks across the entire managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDDKiA Rzeszów
The implementation of the amendment of the regulation of the Ministry of Infrastructure concerning, among others, the recording of the names of foreign cities on road signs in Polish as well.
For example, "Lviv" will appear next to "L'viv".
In our voivodship the changes will be introduced on 94 road signs set by the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it has to be easier, clearer and simpler.
The new guidelines result from the amendment of the regulation of the Minister of Infrastructure on specific technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety equipment.
“We should remember that the names of towns in neighbouring countries often also have Polish sounds.
Thanks to the change we have prepared in the law, they will finally appear on the road signs along our roads.
The introduction of the new label starts with the A4 motorway section of the Subcarpathian motorway”, informed the Minister of Infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In the Podkarpacie, the changes will be made to 94 road signs on the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total cost of investment?
200 thousand PLN.
In the first place, the new label will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is scheduled for 1 November 2019.
What is the idea to be realised?
It will be held without replacement of the tables, on the basis of adhesive.
They will replace the current names of new locations, written in Polish on existing characters.
Both names will be written in one line – first in Polish, then in original, in brackets.
This will be a great facilitation for those who do not know the spelling of the names of foreign cities in the language of the country where they are located.
Feel together with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer announced Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, the world's first headset to Xbox One driven by hapty technology.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and provides better control of the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses hapty solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in the development of high-tech haptical technologies that provide realistic touch-based impressions.
HyperSense uses special hapty drivers and smart digital signals processing to generate high-resolution touchback feedback in real time, allowing full immersion in any Xbox One game.
The technology recognizes the sound signals and transforms them into dynamic vibrations, so that players can empathize with the game without having to install additional software.
By using the sense of touch, sound signals can exactly mimic the actions in the game.
Razer HyperSense plays events – from quiet steps to massive explosions, accurately reflecting all activities in the player's environment.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One was designed to give all players an additional gameplay dimension.
Thanks to HyperSense, we allow them to get completely immersed in their favorite titles,” said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President for the peripheral devices Razer.
The rotating pulses were equipped with foam-filled pillows with the memory of the shape and the cooling gel layer, in order to reduce the heat generated during long use.
For even easier headphones service, a fast silencing button has been placed on the microphone, and a HyperSense-intensity control panel and a slipper of balance between the game and the chat has been installed on the headphones.
Self-adapting to the shape of the head of the head, the heap of the helmet provides a seamless and accurate matching.
In addition, Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One has a Xbox Wireless function that allows direct connection to the console without the need to use a wireless transmitter, allowing for quick and easy configuration.
The listeners also support the Windows Sonic system, which provides a more realistic sound.
Razer Nari Ultimate, originally designed for the PC, debuted on the market in September 2018.
With Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now offer this award-winning Xbox One fan technology.
The set was set at 219.99.
Someone shot from the windmill
In a pond in Zamosc, in Lower Silesia, residents noticed a bathroom with problems with wings.
After the accident and the visit to the veterinarian, it turned out that someone had made a goal for the animal - in his body there was found a windmill snap.
“The information about the wounded bird received from the village’s inhabitants from the Rehabilitation Centre for Wild Animals in the New Sole.
The notification showed that the animal had broken wings.
We went to the place.
It was obvious right away that something was wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely so as not to harm him and not to expose him to additional stress.
The machine was caught and taken to the veterinarian.
After the first picture of RTG, it was already known that somebody made a shield with him.
In his body, there were fragments of the pit”, says Marcin Walasek, CEO of Malpol, a rehabilitation centre.
Winter in the resort
"Ranas have been cleared, the bird has been given antibiotics, access to water, a safe place in the centre, where they will spend the whole winter.
We are trying to strengthen it.
For now it is not able to fly.
It would probably not have survived the winter,” adds Walasek.
The staff will release him to the same pond in the spring after receiving the rehabilitation bath.
The municipality of Żukowice, after receiving information about the cause of the poor health of the animal, intends to inform the public prosecutor.
The event took place in Zamość
Gowin: ‘We must stimulate Polish, small-scale trade’
“The effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small-scale trade, it will be necessary to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade,” said Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education, leader of the Jarosław Gowin Alliance.
Gowin, during a conversation in the “Signals of the Day” in Jedynka, stated that trade is controlled by international networks that impose such low margins on Polish producers that, in fact, Polish companies cannot grow.
Noting that it is very difficult to fight this problem, Deputy Prime Minister reminded that the PiS government tried to tackle this at the very beginning of his term of office, but he got a “play from the EC”.
“We have won a court of justice, and I hope that if the United Right wins the next elections and formulates a government, we will return to this subject,” he said.
He also pointed out that ‘the effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish, or small-scale, trade’.
“We will have to consider whether the government, the state, has some instruments to stimulate Polish trade,” Gowin said.
In May, the EU court ruled that the European Commission had made a mistake in recognising that the Polish retail tax was an unlawful state aid.
The Law on Retail Tax stipulated the introduction of two tax rates on trade: 0.8% on revenues between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4% on revenues above PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was to apply as of September 2016.
In September 2016, the EC initiated infringement proceedings against Poland.
Brussels argued at the time that the tax structure could favour smaller shops, which could be considered public aid.
It then found that the manpower had been unlawfully implemented.
It also issued an order to suspend the application of the tax until its examination by officials in Brussels.
Poland disagreed with this position, but the tax collection was suspended.
The decision of the EU court in May opened the way for the reintroduction of the tax, but it did not finish the case.
On 24 July, the Commission lodged an appeal at the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the TSEU press services sent the PAP that the case is now in a written stage in which both the European Commission and the Polish Government put forward their arguments in writing.
For the time being, it is not clear whether and when the oral procedure will start, that is to say, the parties' hearing and any hearing.
It takes a good few to a dozen months from appeal to the judgment.
‘This procedure lasts on average one year’, said PAP, a source at the Court in Luxembourg.
How to dress up a baby for baptism?
We offer some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of the infant and his parents.
It is often the first time that the whole family focuses on a child, celebrating his or her appearance in the world.
No wonder the freshly baked mothers and dad want their comfort to look as good as possible on this day.
However, before you make the final decision as to whether your child's outfit will be comfortable.
In the shops you can find a lot of flats that do not provide the little ones with the necessary comfort.
So what is to be taken into consideration?
The basic criterion for choosing baptism is the age of the child
Until recently, baptisms of several weeks were carried out in white sets and inserted into the same bricks or great spirits.
Today, children joining the sacrament are often older: several months, one year, and even bigger.
It's not hard to guess that such a big comfort needs a little different dress for baptism.
So if your child is 3-4 months old on the day of his baptism, he will probably spend the ceremony in the wheelchair either on the hands of his parents or godmothers.
The best way to do this would be to decorate it in a comfortable, cotton-totalized sleep or compound.
Although this element of the wardrobe is regarded as a daily dress, it is enough to look for its sacred variants, for example with a coron or a coroner.
For the boy, the body with the printing of the shells and shrubs will prove to be the perfect one.
In the case of older children, you can afford more fantasy in the dress.
The girl will look beautifully in a simple dress dress.
Many of the parents of girls with drowsiness look at the richly decorated, folding dresses at baptism complexes with plates, bandages and caps.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers are using artificial, unsuccessful materials in which the child is simply uncomfortable.
In search of the right dress it will be better to look at the shop Asanti for Kids, which offers elegant costumes for cotton lining.
The delicate, tiulous skirt, satin dresses, lace, apps and charming compliments will make your daughter look brilliant and feel comfortable.
Ideal dress for a small gentleman: cotton potiture
Until recently, the boys' parents had a fashion for suits that were a copy of "adult" models.
Polyester navies and pants, rigid collars and coughing machines have often made young elegant people loudly demonstrating their discontent.
Today, fortunately, they have been burned out by a comfortable cotton set.
Just look at the sets available in the Asanti for Kids, the soft, dressy pans, and the blossom in front of the vest pattern.
These clothes look extraordinary and at the same time do not hinder the movements of the little world.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published a statement of property
Krystyna Pawłowicz made a declaration of property at the end of her term of office.
It follows that Ms PiS has raised 110 000 PLN of savings.
Let us recall that Pawłowicz has announced that she will leave politics.
At the end of the term, he has the sum of PLN 110,000.
According to the statement made by the Member, she is entitled to a monthly pension of PLN 4.7 000.
Pawłowicz has an apartment with a value of 570,000 zlotys and a bit smaller, which he rents, collecting 880 zlotys per month.
The Member also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment for PLN 150,000.
The property statement was published earlier by Jarosław Kaczyński.
Voting on the adjournment of the Conservative Party Conference
British parliamentarians voted against a three-day break in the House of Commons' meeting for the Conservative Party's annual programme conference, as requested by the government.
289 MEPs voted against 306.
The House of Commons usually does not meet at party conferences, so that Members do not have to resign from either the party or the parliamentary meetings.
However, opposition parties have recognised that during such a crucial time as the last few weeks before the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union on 31 October, Parliament should not be interrupted.
289 MEPs voted in favour of the government requesting a break, 306 against.
The two opposition parties after the conventions
The disagreement with the interruption may be seen as a political vengeance by the opposition on Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend the parliament for five weeks (Tuesday, the decision was declared unlawful and unusual by the Supreme Court) and for the fact that he does not wish to apologise after the judgments of the judges.
Following this ruling, the House of Commons resumed the session on Wednesday, and the most important event of the day was Johnson's speech and the subsequent turbulent debate.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking the brexitu and avoiding early elections.
“The time has come to realize the brexit.
It must be implemented in order to respect the outcome of the referendum.
Brexit must come so that we can deal with the priorities of the citizens, the health service, the cost of life.
Brexit must be realised so that we can unite the country,” Johnson said.
The Conservative Party Conference is due to start in Manchester this Sunday and will run until Wednesday 2 October.
The two main opposition groups, the Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats, have already held their conferences.
One of the justifications Johnson gave, explaining the long suspension of parliament, was the party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
“President Andrzej Duda believes that anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders,” writes the foreign media.
The President's spokesman strongly denounced these reports.
"It's just not true," wrote on Twitter, "Blass Spychalski.
Israel’s media, including Haaretz and Jerusalem Post, citing the “Jewish Insider” that Andrzej Duda, during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora at the Polish Consulate in New York, stated that it was Israel that was to blame for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The President said that the increase in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland was a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of Israeli leaders.
He referred to the words of Israeli Foreign Minister Israeli Israeli Katz, who stated in February that “Polish people have degraded anti-Semitism with maternal milk”.
Andrzej Duda said that he regrets that Israel has not apologised for the humiliating statements of its politicians.
He also mentioned the act of aggression at the Polish Ambassador to Israel, Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by an attacker who shouted: “Polak, Pole”.
“The quote is not only inaccurate.
It's just not true," wrote Close Spychalski on Twitter.
He emphasized that Duda "never said that Israel is responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland".
According to Spychalski, the portal “this has invented.”
According to the “JI” interlocutors, there was also a dispute between the survivors of the Holocaust, who were awarded the Commander's Cross of Merit of the Republic of Poland, Edward Mosberg, and Shmuley Boteacher.
Mosberg had to agree with President Duda's words and say that it is Israel's "taxi like Israel Kac" who are responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to the source, Boteach was supposed to interrupt Mosberg's speech.
Who is Banaś and what is he guilty of?
Lent by the suters, the building has led the journalist to discover the negligence of Marian Banasia's asset statements.
We summarise another scandal that has shaken the ruling camp.
The TVN’s “Superviser” journalists have revealed that Marian Banaś, President of the Supreme Chamber of Control, has not entered into the property statement of a 400-meter building on the Krakow Podgórz.
Moreover, the rider was supposed to lead him in this sex business building (and thus rent his rooms for hours).
On the other hand, the building itself was supposed to have been a security for repayment of the loan since 2016.
The irregularities were highlighted by Bertold Kittel in the ‘Superwizjer’ programme.
Journalist revealed that Banasia had rented a building to people associated with the criminal world to use it as a place of ‘erotic meetings’.
The clients were supposed to be men using the services of prostitutes.
Banaś replied vaguely and vaguely to the allegations.
Interestingly, the stonehouse hired by the suters led the journalist to discover negligence in the declarations of financial interests of Banasia.
The building itself was described in them unclearly, and the income from the rent was to be underestimated.
“The estate of Mariana Banasia and his wife can be worth between PLN 6 and 8 million.
In total, spouses can boast of two houses, three flats, savings[...]", writes Money.pl.
And, according to the analysis of the portal, the Banasia building itself was worth around PLN 3 million.
The Central Anti-Corruption Anti-Corruption Office is currently in control of Marian Banasia's asset statements for the years 2015-2019.
Banaś announced that he would suspend his activities in NIK by the time it was completed. “I will come to your Marshal for free leave,” he assured.
The opposition demands clarification.
“We do not hear that the CBA expands its investigation or accelerates the examination of Marian Banasia’s asset statements.
That is why we are forced to cut out the state authorities and notify them of the possibility of committing a crime ...”, said Mr Mariusz Witczak, PO-KO.
“If a normal Pole had blatantly low prices for renting their property, he would already have 10 checks, tax controls and criminal-tax procedures,” he added.
It went up high, fell down low
Marian Banaś is the new President of the Supreme Chamber of Control.
He was appointed to this post on 30 August 2019, for a 6-year term.
His candidacy was proposed by the Law and Justice and the votes of the politicians of that party adopted.
Previously, Banaś was associated with the NIK between 1992 and 2005, and he worked as a co-worker with Lech Kaczyński.
During the first PiS reigns (2005–08), Banaś held the post of President of the Customs Service and, in addition, a Undersecretary of State at the Ministry of Finance.
Since 2015, he has once again been a member of the table of the head of the Customs Service, and since 2017 he has been managing the National Tax Administration.
For 3 months Banaś served as finance minister in the government of Matthew Morawiecki.
Cooler Master introduces the graphic card handle to the market
Graphic cards can now weigh quite a lot, and this naturally makes room for the category of products that it would be in vain to look for on the shelves stores a decade ago.
This is exactly what Cooler Master presented, a graphical handle for the ELV8 RGB.
The new graphic card handle model is not only a functional solution that allows for a more secure maintenance of the graphic card without relying solely on the strength of the PCI-express slot.
The Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task – a decorative task.
"Rzeczpospolita": To ignore the command of a police officer will be punished
According to the newspaper, disregarding the order for certain conduct issued by the police officer is to be a new offence, threatened with a fine, arrest or restriction of freedom.
Police trade unionists want such an amendment.
The idea came to the Sejm Committee on Petitions.
“The matter is serious, because already every year more than half a million offences are brought to Polish courts,” we read.
“Rzeczpospolita” has established that a petition that the Independent Police Trade Union writes to MEPs on the amendment of the Code of Conduct is likely to succeed.
The petitioners propose a new version of Article 54a of the Code of Conduct.
It would read as follows: ‘Whoever does not comply with the request or recommendation of a public official issued within the limits and under the provisions of the Law shall be subject to the imprisonment, fine or restriction of freedom’.
“Par. 3 the same penalty for those who, failing to carry out the instructions, will prevent or impede the performance of their duties,’ according to the journal.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski said "Rzeczpospolita" that although he agrees with the main message of the proposal for a provision, he fears that if implemented, it can be used for political demonstrations.
“In situations of freedom, this would be disadvantageous and, instead of alleviating the situation, it would even exacerbate it,” he adds.
According to statistics from the newspaper, 86% of citizens were positive about police interventions in 2018 and about 1.5 million interventions in the city each month.
Buras is worried about Europe
Jáchym Topol writing is in blood.
Among his ancestors are editors, translators, writers.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important post-war playwrights of the Czech Republic, today mentioned in a single row with Václav Havl.
Thus, the curse of talent that Jáchym tried to use was hanging over Jáchym from the start.
After eight years he returned with a "Sensitive Man".
The characters are Buras and Soňa, together with two sons, who are not typical Czech families.
They are migratory actors, they travel in Europe.
He is a lover of Shakespeare and a thief, she is a one-way translator who does not part with a bottle of wine.
One boy from his birth did not make his sound, and for the other time he stopped in infancy.
But it is not the heroes who are the most important in this story.
Everyone is the backdrop to observing a world where there is no longer room for artistic nomads.
It is a world of a flourished province, a society of old, suspicious people and solved youth.
“Sensitive man” turns into an absurd theatre in places.
Narration follows didaskalia, and the conversations of the heroes create this world.
The scene is a Europe of concern about its future, but also of constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines cancelled 105 flights due to the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook
Although the British travel agency Thomas Cook has collapsed, his Belgian subsidiary Neckermann operates.
However, the company has problems.
According to VRT, Brussels Airlines announced that they would cancel 105 flights in October due to problems with Thomas Cook's bankruptcy.
Neckermann has also made 75 workers redundant.
All trips from the office that have been booked in Belgium will be cancelled, but the holiday makers will be able to get a refund.
The court in Ghent also declared the bankruptcy of three Belgian daughters companies: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, about 12,000 Belgians are abroad on trips to Thomas Cook.
The next 40,000 people were to leave the office by the end of the year.
As early as Monday, Thomas Cook Belgium Leen Segers said that the company is now “fully operational” despite the British company’s bankruptcy, its mother, who has caused anxiety among employees and customers.
The office then reassured that the customers who bought the trips in it would go on holiday.
Thomas Cook, the oldest and one of the world's largest travel agencies, declared bankrupt on Monday night.
The direct cause of bankruptcy was the collapse on Sunday of the last opportunity with creditors and potential investors.
Creditors have demanded that, in addition to the £900 million bailout already agreed in August, the company should obtain an additional £200 million in collateral for the winter period, when travel agencies usually have a lower turnover.
However, the company’s problems have been growing for several years, resulting in a debt of £1.6 billion.
Michał Kubiak after a match with Slovenia (1:3).
“I don’t think that Slovenia has played a fantastic game.
We played very poorly.
This tournament is not yet over for us”, said the captain of the Polish volleyball team Michał Kubiak after a defeat with Slovenia 1:3 in the semi-final of the European Championship.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation for your review
Free accommodation in exchange for an opinion – such an unusual offer was made by Görlitz, a German visitor.
The actions are intended to help combat the growing decline in the population of the city.
Görlitz is Germany's easternmost city.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140 000 tourists annually.
However, as he writes, "The Guardian", the city faces considerable problems.
In Görlitz there are the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with a permanent loss of population.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them left for the west of the country, resulting in a 25% decline in the city's population.
In 2013, the population was 54,000.
In order to combat depopulation, officials came up with the idea of offering monthly accommodation in the city free of charge.
For the time being, 150 applications have been submitted to the programme.
Two thirds of them were laid down by the inhabitants of large cities.
The programme also attracted interest from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and the United Kingdom.
“When we applied, we thought the programme was meant to get people to move to Görlitz,” said one of the project participants.
“Now we feel that it doesn’t matter whether we stay here after four weeks or not,” he added.
The city has seven thousand free apartments and unemployment is three times the average across the country.
Although municipalities hope that some will move permanently, the main objective of the programme is to obtain the opinion of the programme participants.
Information collected from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revitalise smaller German cities.
“We want to learn more about what people need and if they decide to move – what motivated them,” said Robert Knippschild.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to lure new residents, offering them incentives in the form of accommodation.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals for life and work in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikyther to Candela in Italy, or Toulouse in Oklahoma.
