Today is the day to learn international information.
On this occasion, the ministry of mass media has declared information month.
This month it will take place from 15th to 15th next month.
Several programmes to promote the right to know information will be implemented during this period.
In Sri Lanka, in 2016, a law governing information will be passed in parliament.
This is a step towards further strengthening democracy.
Currently, the law is ranked as the fourth law in the world.
The use of plastic products is banned at BJP headquarters in Delhi.
There is a ban on single-use plastic items such as watermelon.
India is now gearing up for the next election excitement.
Elections will be held in Maharashtra and Haryana on 21st of next month.
Election results are due to be announced on 24th of the same month.
All parties are now actively preparing for this.
The election committee meeting was held in Delhi on behalf of the BJP at this stage.
Prime minister modi, BJP national leader Amit shah and BJP national executive chairman j p Nadda were also involved in the consultation.
Prime minister modi had earlier been in consultation with the BJP's election committee in march.
In his independence day speech, he spoke to avoid plastic.
He called for the avoidance of single-use plastic.
At this stage, plastic products that can now be used once in total at the BJP head office are banned.
Mainly waterbottles have all been abandoned altogether.
Water bottles were also not used in the BJP Meetup which takes place today.
Instead, people who come there are given water in glasgow jar.
The move has reportedly been taken following prime minister modi's request.
It's worth noting that many of the netizens are praising the move and commenting.
Pakistan Rep. gullai Ismail.
He is a social activist who has been vocal against child marriage, violence against women, antisemitism and oppression since childhood.
Khyber pakhtunwa posted photos on social media with evidence of sexual harassment involving the Pakistani army on tribal women and girls in some areas, including Balochistan province.
For this reason, the country's police have been actively trying to arrest gullai by registering a "treason case."
However, gullai Ismail escaped from Pakistan with the help of friends and relatives and became tangled in the united states.
The prime minister of Pakistan, Imran khan, addressed the un in new York the day before yesterday.
"There are no militant organizations in Pakistan, so we all have to unite against extremism," he said.
Police are investigating a multiple incident involving a young man who used a cellphone as a charger hit the electricity.
Ramakrishnan belongs to odapalli near pallipalayam in Namakkal district.
His son Devendran (27 years old).
He was working as a tower manager at a prominent private cell.
Yesterday afternoon Devendran put a cellphone charger in his home and was watching it.
Suddenly there was a battery and electricity flowed over Devendran.
He was seriously injured in being thrown into this and died in a pathetic way.
Police arrived at the scene of the reported school and launched an investigation.
Devendran was then sent to the pallipalayam government hospital for post-mortem examination.
The complaint was filed at the school police station.
Police are making a case for that and are investigating.
The incident has caused a stir in the area.
The supreme court categorically stated that it could not give time for a day after october 18 to present arguments in the Ayodhya case.
The supreme court is hearing appeals filed against the Allahabad high court's ruling in the Ayodhya case.
The hearing at the high court has been on a daily basis since 6th of last month.
The court has been advised to finish arguments by october 18.
A session led by chief justice Ranjan Gogoi is hearing the case.
An extra hour of questioning takes place from last monday.
During the argument yesterday, the Islamic organizations' side objected to a 2003 report by the department of archaeology.
Commenting on this, the judges said: "If there is an objection to the report of archaeology, you may have raised it in Allahabad high court.
There will be relief under the law for you.
We will not allow it to be raised here. '
In this context, the Ayodhya case was heard again today.
The Islamic organizations' side said at the time that if the archaeological survey objected to the report and wasted court time, we apologise.
The Islamic organizations' counsel did not lose the right to question the archaeological report.
However, the judges said they could not assess the evidence after it was accepted by the court.
Reacting to the Ayodhya case to finish arguments by october 18, the judges said Hindu and muslim standards should accordingly indicate the duration of completion of their arguments.
The judges also said there could be no time to put forward arguments after october 18, and would be better off if the ruling in the case was delivered in four weeks.
Because of the holidays in october, they said only one lawyer would be allowed to present adverse arguments on the part of Hindu organizations.
Uttarakhand BJP chief minister Trivendra singh has said indifferent to dengue if the dosage of UDF increases but does nothing else.
About 4800 people in Uttarakhand have been diagnosed with dengue.
Officials have confirmed that 3,000 people have been affected in deradun and 1,100 others in haltwani.
And of them, 4yo in deradun and 2 in haltwani are gone.
In the state health department report, as of september 17, eight people have been accounted for.
After all this, Trivendra singh, oblivious to the journalist's question of increasing the epidemic spread by the koalas in Uttarakhand, said, 'patients suffering from dengue are going to be cured of the disease by taking the paracetamol drug at 500ml of dosejuk, 650 ml of village dosez as a result of a short rest.'
A mysterious explosion in the puja room near Tiruvallur has caused a stir in the area.
Govindaraj (age 45), who lived next to Thiruvallur in theyamangalam.
He is not married to her.
Siddhartha, astrology and yoga are also known.
He bought an acre of space here 15 years ago and settled separately.
He had grown herbal plants all around the house.
On saturday, a young woman from Besant, chennai, arrived at Govindaraj's house.
Samir Govindaraj was performing the puja function at home yesterday evening.
Suddenly, the mysterious object that was there exploded with horror.
Govindaraj caught fire in the body.
He ran out of the house as he was swept away.
Govindaraj was shocked to discover that when he came out of the room, he heard the sound.
Govindaraj, who suffered severe burns in the body, died sadly at the scene.
As soon as he was informed, the police rushed to the hospital and sent Govindaraj's body to the Tiruvallur government hospital for a post-mortem examination.
When the mysterious object exploded, laliya was in a nearby room so lucky he escaped.
What is the object that exploded in the puja room?
I don't know if i'm going to do it.
Forensic expert nalina and officers gathered under the leadership of deputy police suprundu Harini to find clues at the scene of the incident.
They have sent it for analysis.
What is the object that exploded in the puja room only after the end of it came?
In addition, blood is scattered in the puja room.
Police suspect there is no chance of a blood clot when it burns.
Govindaraj has decided to launch a further investigation into the body examination decision.
An investigation is also taking place into the woman who was staying with her in this regard.
A mysterious object exploded in the pooja room and the poosari multi-faceted incident has caused a stir in the area.
The cpid police are investigating the case of NEET.
Udith surya, who was arrested the day before yesterday, was interrogated by both his father Venkatesan at the then-cpt office.
D south regional superintendent Vijayakumar and deputy superintendent hardwin jagadeeskumar, then-cpcid inspector chitradevi were investigating and duly recorded the vote.
They then completed a medical examination and were arraigned before then-criminal justice judge Panneerselvam at 8.15pm last night.
Is actor Sasikumar shooting?
All hospital internal patients were so overwhelmed by the sound.
Many had fun, including night doctors, nurses and staff.
The investigation revealed that all the ambulances were used in the shooting for a new film directed by ponram, starring actor Sasikumar.
Actor Sasikumar reportedly did not formally seek permission from the hospital administration for the shooting.
Immediately, the members of the public were arguing with the crew over the ambulance.
Knowing this, canavilius police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver to the scene for questioning.
But they said the crew had gone from there.
We have contacted the film group to explain the incident.
But couldn't communicate.
The nadarajar statue, which was recovered from australia, was placed in the kallidiakurichi kulasarai temple window yesterday.
In Tirunelveli district, there is a temple of kallidikurichi, the heroine of the dharamvaratha.
Two and a half feet tall Natarajan statue, Sivagami Amman, manikakavakasakkam and sripalanathar in this ancient temple, was seized in 1982.
It was revealed that the statues were at the Australian museum.
The statue was recovered and brought to tamil Nadu in a separate army effort led by special officer bon manikavel.
Kallitakurichi was brought in yesterday morning after a court order from Kumbakonam.
Members of the public welcomed the pantheon in kallidiyaruchi for the statue in the police vehicle.
The statue was then placed in the window of the Kulasekera temple.
Special officer bon manikavel said, we will soon find three other statues, including Sivagami Amman, which was stolen with it.
Those involved in the incident will soon be arrested, he said.
Csid police are arresting and investigating three more medical students and their father in connection with NEET examination.
Dr Venkatesan, who works at Stanley hospital in chennai, has been arrested.
Dr Venkatesan was suspended. yesterday, as he continues to be questioned by them.
Meanwhile, csid police were conducting a serious investigation into recruitment.
Three more students have been arrested today as three medical students from Kanchipuram were caught yesterday.
Abhirami, Praveen and Rahul, from krishnagiri and Viluppuram medical colleges, have been arrested and interrogating their father today.
Six of the middlemen have been arrested in the matter.
Csid is now said to have taken action on the basis of his statement during the investigation into Udit Suryah's father.
The csid has been informed that a number of shock reports are being made in the matter of NEET examination.
President Maithripala Sirisena said that the emergence of graduates from universities in the country as a demonstration system in the street is a system of education that excludes the fields of science, technology and research.
The president said that it is therefore important to introduce and implement the new educational systems of developed countries in the world through fundamental changes in national education policy.
Yesterday (25) the president addressed the second stage of the 'Shilpa sena' exhibition at Polonnaruwa kallale national stadium.
The second phase of the shilp sena exhibition, which is being regulated by the ministry of science, technology and research, will be held at Polonnaruwa kalella national stadium from yesterday to 29.
The president added that the progress of the world is the source of innovation in science and technology through research.
In order to overcome the challenges faced by our countrymen due to climate change, the president explained the need for experts in the field to focus on this age of greater cooperation in the field of science, technology and research.
Noting that most of the scientific, technological and research sectors in the political field are a major challenge in the journey towards development as a nation, the president said that the country is losing the academics it needs in engineering, doctor and accountant services that are only thinking about itself without the country and leaving the country alone.
Under the theme 'rich with strong hands,' the Shilpa sena exhibition is divided into five categories: Enterprise, industry, industry, industry, new products, blue load division and happiness in the field of technology.
In the field of technology, the stem education, space technology, martyrdom technology, robot technology, nano-technique, megatonics, new energy, blue green technology, 55g IoT are being organized to promote knowledge of modern science, technology and research.
In the new products section of the shilp sena exhibition, more than 250 innovations have been developed by budding innovators in this country and projects necessary to commercialize these products have been implemented.
Opening the exhibition, the president visited it and interacted smoothly with the working committee.
A number of officials, including the secretary of the ministry of science, technology and research, chintaka s. locuhetige, were present at the event.
Dussehra festival at kulasai mutarman temple began with flagging.
The Dussehra festival, held annually at kulascherapattinam muttaramman, near thiruchendur in Thoothukudi district, is well known in the world.
Millions of devotees gather for Dussehra celebrations after the Dasara at the samundeswari Amman temple, Mysore in india.
The unique character of the festival is the kulasekaranathinam mutharamman temple.
It is special to have a tough 48 days, especially for kali.
Dussehra festival for 2019 began this morning with a flag-raising ceremony.
Dussehra festival takes 10 days.
The main event of Dussehra is being held on 8th october.
On the day of the night, take up kulasai on the beach, and do the glory.
More than 6 lakh devotees will be present on the occasion of the festival.
With the gnanamoshwara, the great privilege of darshan along with amma and Appan comes to the devotees because they sit in the original place of muttaramman.
Ambeki muthariamman, who has resolved the issue of mental health, marriage and child abuse, is an unwavering belief of devotees.
In Indonesia on thursday, 20 people died in the powerful landmass.
The national disaster response agency and rescue service of the country said:
Near ambon city, located in the malai islands area, the powerful quake struck at 8.45pm (local time) on thursday.
The quake was recorded at the Richter scale by 6.5 units.
A number of homes collapsed by the landfill, and landslides were acceptable in various idings.
About 20 people died in these incidents.
They died after being trapped in the rubble and dying in landslides.
One of them, a woman, fell and died when she was speeding towards a higher area for fear of a tsunami.
In addition, 100 people were injured as a result of the quake; 2,000 were evacuated to safe areas, officials said.
The city of ambon, which is home to 4 lakh people, has been affected by the earthquake.
After the city hospital was blown up by the earthquake, noya girls and others rushed out of the ang virus.
It is then reported that the patients have been kept in the camp.
It is worth remembering that 4,300 people were biodegradable due to last year's 7.5 rich-sized earthquake in Indonesia.
There has been a robbery attempt at the Kanchipuram adim.
When he saw the police, a mysterious gang of 3 people on a motorcycle fled.
The state bank of india ADM is in the Velika workshop area of Kanchipuram.
At 3 a.m. this morning, 3 marchers on a motorcycle saw the camera at the atm gate after ADM stopped the van earlier.
They then slammed the spree they brought to the camera.
At that time, Kanchipuram taluka police inspector Bhaskar, sub inspector selvarapillai and the police were on patrol at night.
When police heard the sound of Aaron, three men on a motorcycle picked up the van fast and fled.
But inspector Bhaskar chased them for a while.
But he entered a market and escaped.
Police in Kanchipuram have filed a case and are searching for a web of marchers involved in the attempted robbery of ATMs.
As the police came there on patrol, millions of money in ATMs escaped.
Minister selur Raju has said that the prime minister should congratulate him for speaking to modi to highlight the greatness of tamil Nadu at the un council.
As far as minister of cooperation selur Raju is concerned, he will have a tumultuous speech at the meetings.
He will also shake off his interview by making action remarks as he makes headlines even if he meets the press.
At a un meeting in the us, prime minister modi had spoken at the un council meeting, quoting the outlandish lines of "Yaounde yum yum kellar."
Today, he said that it is our duty to thank prime minister modi for this.
Prime minister modi has also said that tamil has become a source of pride among world leaders at the un council.
He told reporters that he had flagged off new buses at the Madurai arpalayam bus station.
Minister selur Raju's interview has given Bajrang a voice.
In the meantime, he said the rule of law is underway in tamil Nadu, and the example is the arrest of Jayagopal, the overarching former council responsible for subashree's death.
Whoever makes a mistake, he promised that the overarching government would not have fun with it and that action would be taken without favour.
Tahil Ramani was chief justice of the madras high court.
A year after appointing him as chief justice, the goliath committee recommended the central government to appoint another chief justice for chennai.
Accordingly, it was decided to appoint Tahil Ramani as chief justice of Meghalaya high court.
Judge Tahil Ramani refused to accept the change of the reservation and requested the collegiate.
But his request was rejected.
Following this, he gave a letter of resignation.
At this point, the case was filed against the transfer of the Tahil Ramani.
In the meantime, the federal government announced that Tahil Ramani's resignation letter had been accepted.
The case was also dismissed.
In this context, Tahil Ramani was given a section treatment ceremony on behalf of the madras high court lawyers associations.
The demonstration took place on behalf of the secular progressive alliance, which condemned the Hindu front's violent attitude towards the 28 post-establishment attacks and urged the police to take rapid action.
On 5th september, more than 60 people broke up and attacked the Hindu front within the binaladi institute in Tiruppur angeripalayam road.
This led to the attack of ang kriya workers and the loss of corporate bodies.
The police have made some noise about this.
The protest was announced on 9 december on behalf of the secular progressive alliance parties in Tirupur, where there has been strong condemnation of the incident by industry, various political parties, activists and members of the public.
A complaint was filed against the district magistrate and the police commissioner for Tiruppur.
On 17 september, a demonstration on behalf of the secular progressive alliance was announced.
At 11: 00 a.m., the protest against the Tiruppur municipal corporation 'condemned the violent attitude of the Hindu front - urging the police to take rapid action'.
The demonstration was led by DMK secretary k Selvaraj of Tirupur north district.
All party executives, including Cay (m) state committee member k Kamaraj, Tiruppur district cbai (m) secretary c. muthukannan, cpai secretary, Tiruppur district, mu ravi, congress party ramaswamy and mathimukh Sampath, participated in the demonstration.
In the midst of the demonstration, police fell short of being permitted to demonstrate.
At the time, the secular progressive alliance (UPFA) declared: 'On 5th september, in Tirupur, the Hindu front attacked the latter and rebelled.
We formally asked permission to hold a democratic ARP in protest against this incident, the police have not granted permission, we have filed a complaint with the government and the police commissioner, and we are now violating the demonstration ban on the grounds of the demands of the police for the demonstration in a democratic manner.
Police have also arrested some people in the incident where the latter was attacked.
Still, they said police should do rapid action in the arrest of prominent Hindu raiders involved in the incident.
More than 500 people took part in the demonstration, particularly women, and railed against the violence, so the police withdrew the protesters in defiance of the ban.
Sound slogans were voiced strongly in protest at the attack by the Hindu front in Tirupur and the religious violence being organised by the Hindu front in various forms.
It is no exaggeration if the ARP bhaattam of the secular progressive alliance, democratically controlled, created an awareness of the violence among the people of Tirupur.
A fine of rs 100 crore has been collected to those who travelled to the Osi on the train.
Railway police will file a lawsuit with the passengers without a ticket on the train and impose a fine.
In that respect, the number of passengers without a ticket has increased this year over the past year.
A total of rs 87.98 crore has been collected in the current year from April to september 2018, registering 17.42 lakh cases of "oc" travel in the months to september 2018, and 19.15 lakh cases filed in the current year to september and grossing a fine of rs 100.29 crore, reports central railways.
Namakkal received best wishes from chief minister Edappadi Palanisamy for the award of central government awards to Tiruvallur district.
At the secretariat, chief minister Edappadi Palanisamy yesterday (26th june), on behalf of the ministry of women and child development, on 6.9.2019, at a ceremony in new Delhi on behalf of the union government, Namakkal district collector m. asia Marium, Namakkal district for the best district awarded to the Namakkal district for better implementation of the scheme under the "beti bachao, beti padhao, beti padhao" scheme for four consecutive years under the scheme, received the award for outstanding district collector maheshwari Kumar award for the best district of Tiruvallur to Tiruvallur district for better awareness of the scheme.
During the event, minister of community health and nutrition programs, Dr. v. Saroja, secretary general k Shanmugam, secretary of the department of social health and nutrition program s madhumati and community commissioner d Abraham were present.
"If i do, people will also come forward!" Ramsingh, who talks about the effort, said, "i can see frustration with the difficulties of buying more vegetables, traffic jams, environmental pollution.
As many people complained about it, they did not seem to realise that they were wondering the alternative, and that the solution was to themselves.
The right solution to this is that only when i have done what i believe will people come forward to follow.
That's why i and my wife have walked 10 km a week and are buying vegetables.
It is, now, familiar as it has gone on for six months.
I'm very pleased with myself right now, "he said.
"Many people said it was difficult to carry a lot of vegetables and i recommended them carry a bamboo basket to fight the plastic threat.
But they laughed at it.
So i and my wife went to the market carrying a bamboo basket.
Only then did i find myself that it would be very helpful in many ways.
Many young people aren't with healthy health these days.
I think they have to start walking and control their food.
I am deeply confident that traditional solutions to the challenges of innovation in a modernised world can be delivered.
If one is dealing with conventional methods, he will be able to be fully healthy, "says ram singh IAS.
Heart diseases, including stroke, are at the top of the leading cause of death worldwide, said Dr. g. senkottuvelu, a cardiac surgeon.
World heart day is observed every year on 29th september.
This was preceded by dr g.s. hart foundation on behalf of heart and heart care awareness programme on 27.9.2019 in Thyagaraya, chennai.
The Apollo hospital was led by a high advisor and interventional cardiac surgeon, g. senkottuvelu.
The film director Sivakumar, who was a special guest, accepted the pledge of all including doctors in the head - heart heroes.
Sivakumar addressed the constant, healthy living.
The hospital chief, Dr. a. muruganathan, received it.
On the occasion, medical expert g. Cheng kottuvelu said:
Among the major factors for worldwide mortality are heart diseases including stroke at the top.
In india, cardiovascular diseases are increasing.
Young people are also suffering from stroke.
We can keep the body safe from awareness and prevent cardiovascular diseases by 80 rooftops.
If the mother, father, grandfather and grandmother have cardiovascular diseases, we are also likely to get heart diseases.
If we take the lifestyle right, we can prevent cardiovascular diseases from coming to some extent.
It is possible to predict who will come to a stroke in existing modern medicine.
If you are caught at the start, you can prevent a stroke.
Even if you have a stroke, you can heal quickly.
So, he said.
The election commission has reduced the qualifying period of Sikkim chief minister premsingh, who was convicted in the corruption case from six years to one year.
Thus, the deadlock in contesting the tamang by-election has been removed.
The Sikkim assembly election was held with lok sabha elections.
The election was won by Sikkim kirantikari Morcha amok.
The party's leader, premsing tamang, took over as the chief minister of the state.
But the lower court sentenced tamang to prison in 2016 in a corruption case.
As the supreme court also confirmed this, he was due to undergo imprisonment.
The controversy erupted when tamang was sworn in because a man who suffered a prison sentence in the corruption case could not contest the elections for six years.
Tamang is contesting the assembly bypolls in Sikkim.
With BJP support, tamang chikim is ruling.
In the meantime, tamang had sent a letter to the election commission demanding that he lift the 6-year ban imposed on him for election, citing various legal divisions.
Considering the letter, the electoral commission has announced that it will cut the ban period for tamang by one month.
Thus, tamang is not barred from standing in the assembly bypolls.
The BJP can now begin to dress its politics in other states, including tamil Nadu, using the concession given to tamang.
There may also be reports of BJP's will being carried out in full swing.
Government doctor Venkatesan, the father of student uthad Suryah, has been suspended. in the case of NEET's recruitment, Venkatesan has been suspended.
Joseph, who also acted as an intermediary on recruitment, has been arrested in Kerala.
Uthad surya, a student from Theni government medical college, was found to have turned up in NEET.
After this, the police registered a case against udith surya and his family.
But Uditi surya and his family fled and disappeared.
Uday surya had filed a petition in the court seeking further bail.
The tamil Nadu police arrested Udit Suryah, who was bundled with his family at the turn.
Udith surya's family were arrested with a joint arrest and summoned to the honey for several hours.
During the hearing, dr Venkatesan, Udit Suryah's father, admitted that he had changed his mind to doctor his son.
After Venkatesan's confession to the police, everyone was taken to court and jailed.
Udit Suryah's father worked as a government doctor at Stanley hospital in chennai.
Since he has now been arrested and imprisoned, the government of tamil Nadu has suspended. he has been arrested.
Also, an intermediary, Joseph, has been arrested in Kerala on the basis of Venkatesan's confession.
He will be brought to tamil Nadu for questioning.
Venkatesan, the father of student Udit Suryah, has been suspended. Stanley government hospital doctor Venkatesan has been suspended in NEET's case.
In the meantime, csid police were investigating today at NEET examination training centre run by intermediary Joseph in Thiruvananthapuram.
Joseph is said to have committed massive recruitment scandals in the name of NEET training centre.
That is why Dr. Venkatesan, father of Suryah, has easily approached Joseph.
Csid police are also reviewing documents at Joseph's training centre.
A by-election will be held next month (october) 21 for the constituencies of Nanguneri and wickavandi, which are vacant in tamil Nadu.
The DMK is contesting the Vikravandi constituency and the congress has been given the seat of Nanguneri, a coalition party.
Last night, all india congress party general secretary and tamil Nadu incumbent Mukul vasnik announced the name of the congress candidate standing in Nanguneri.
The president of the northern district of Kanchipuram, ruby Manoharan (age 60), has been declared a candidate.
Ruby manohar's home town is marayapuram near Kanyakumari district marandam.
After 15 years in the Indian air force, he has run a construction company in chennai.
On the occasion of the 141st birth anniversary of Periyar, 535 Malaysian government tamil schools were gifted a book of writing reform.
The book 'Periyar's writing reform' was introduced in tamil schools by the government of Bandhu and menthagab.
And the book will be sent to 535 tamil schools operating in Malaysia.
In the first phase, these books were sent to 150 tamil schools operating in bakang state and silangur.
More than 50,000 builders are trained in these schools.
And it is notable that more than 7 000 ashri are employed.
It is a great opportunity for the students and teachers to learn the great work done by the tamil language.
Dr. K. Veeramani's reply was addressed by m. Govindasamy during the debut function.
During the event, chinniya was awarded the Periyar award to them.
The poet and former head teacher of tamil school Periyar read poetry about the great man Kuk Raman.
It is worth noting that poet Shanmugam from Taiping was awarded the award of rationalist pavilions.
There are revolutionary movements before and after Bhagat singh.
But it is no mere compliment that Bhagat singh and his comrades have provided a new evolution and clear ideology to revolutionary movements and Indian politics through it.
We can still see that there is a perception among people that revolutionaries are just fools and academics who don't care about human lives.
Bhagat singh's period tells us their humanity and their clear thinking and ability.
Bhagat singh's name was spread over india only after the legislative council bombing ceremony in 1929.
In 1930, he made his public debut.
But within one year of his debut, his reputation had spread rapidly even around all corners of tamil Nadu.
This is the most surprising news in history, including Gandhian, whose name no leader born in the north has spread in tamil Nadu in such a short time.
That is because of the fatherhood they are.
An editorial entitled Bhagat singh was published in the republic weekly relic of the murder of Bhagat singh.
The editorial praised many of Bhagat singh's character interests and offered some ideas about the political situation of the day.
Some of the categories from the book are: -
'if Bhagat singh was genuinely convinced that all his policies were correct and that the models he had acted upon were the right religion and that he had decided to do so, we would have to say that if he had not walked away, he would not have been a yogic man.
Therefore, we shall call him a true man.
It is our strong opinion that Bhagat singh ’ s policy is to india.
If mr Bhagat singh had not been executed and lived, there would have been no evidence to be accepted by such a popularity.
And if Bhagat singh had not been executed, we would have said that Mahatma Gandhi would have been made to die.
Why Bhagat singh's life was more useful for showing the people of the world a true path of equality and tranquillity to the people of india, where he must die with a disease or disease.
We appreciate bhagatsinghi manamar, vayar and handling, saying that no one else is capable of achieving it. '
In a republican magazine editorial, father Periyar said.
In this context, the guard, Dennis turner, who was a police officer at the school where the incident took place, arrested the girl, who was stuck at the school, for the reason that the teacher was kicking her.
In particular, he tied the little girl's hand with a plastic tag and took her to the police car, to the prison police station, where a photo of the girl holding a plaque has been taken just as she takes to the criminals.
His character copies have also been taken.
He has since been informed of the girl's family and has been handed over to her family.
It is not known if he took another child to the police station.
His grandmother Kirkland, who agreed to release the identity of the little girl's body, told the media: 'My daughter, who suffers from a sleeping problem called sleep apnea, has to be stuck at times because of the effect of the drug on her.
When i told him that he had been arrested for that, i was very shocked that it was difficult for any 6 year old child to understand and explain it.
With rain flooding in Uttar Pradesh, 73 people have died in 4 days, the weather zone red alert has issued in most districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh.
In Bihar's capital, Patna, heavy rains in the last four days have led to flooding in several areas, disrupting rail and road traffic.
Several trains were cancelled this morning due to heavy rains in Bihar.
Yesterday, the state and chief minister Nitish Kumar held an advisory meeting through video conferencing.
By tuesday, an order to close all schools has been issued.
There has also been heavy rains in Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, where several people have died in incidents related to rainfall in the last few days.
In Uttar Pradesh, 3 per cent more rain than normal on friday.
The eastern part of the state has been badly affected.
Yesterday, there were 42.5 mm of rain in Prayagraj and 6.2 mm in Varanasi.
This year, it is much higher than average rainfall.
In various parts of Uttar Pradesh, 26 people died yesterday.
In the 2 days before that, 47 people died.
Heavy rains have led to floods in Lucknow, Amethi, hardai and other districts.
Uttar Pradesh chief minister yogi Adityanath has directed collectors and regional commissioners to take all necessary safety and measures.
Six people died of rainfall in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh in the last two days.
Three students have died after the government school's wall collapsed in topwara in Udaipur, Rajasthan.
Three people, including a police constable, died in Madhya Pradesh on friday.
One kilometre from the scene, their bodies were found.
On 24 september, a report on the status of the world's nuclear energy sector was released.
It was the chairman of the committee that produced that report, Michael schäter.
According to the survey, the nuclear energy sector fell from 17.46 percent in 1996 to 10.15 percent in 2018.
This fall shows that the world's focus is moving beyond nuclear energy to renewable, long-beneficial energy.
Pushing back on nuclear energy, renewable energy such as solar power, wind power and hydroelectric energy are growing globally.
Each year, various organizations will work together to publish a report on the status of the world nuclear energy sector.
According to a report released this year, the world appears to be on the verge of collapse of the nuclear energy sector.
The report also notes that india's nuclear energy sector is at worst.
Bill gates conferred the global goalkeeper award to prime minister modi for his effective implementation of swachh bharat mission.
In india, the union government led by prime minister modi has announced the "swachh bharat" scheme.
The scheme was introduced in 2014 on 2-10-2014, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The scheme aims at building toilets, setting up public bodies, solid waste management etc.
More than 10 crore toilets have been constructed across the country under the scheme.
Rural health care has been brought in 98 per cent of the villages.
To appreciate the project, it was announced that modi will be awarded the world goalkeeper award, an international achievement award for America's bill and Melinda gates foundation.
Today, prime minister modi was awarded the global goalkeeper for his tour of the united states.
The world's richest man bill gates honored modi with the award at an event held today on the sidelines of the united nations security council meeting in new York.
Speaking on the occasion, the prime minister said that Mahatma Gandhi ’ s dream of cleanliness is now fulfilled.
The prime minister said that he will present the award to crores of Indians who have fulfilled the swachh bharat mission and made it a part of their daily lives.
Shri modi pointed out that the swachh bharat abhiyan has saved 3 lakh people from various diseases.
The health ministry has announced that there is a widespread adverse situation due to the present rainfall and flood conditions.
Because of this, the ministry of health has advised them to avoid getting into the water unnecessarily.
The health ministry has said the anaesthetic caused by heavy rainfall in several districts is not currently impaired and the public will act with observation in this regard.
Children and adults have been affected by the floods, and the condition of being admitted to hospital has increased.
The chief officer of the health ministry's risk strategy unit, dr Hemant Herat, has asked people affected to pay greater attention to health care.
The ministry of education has released a media report on the teachers principals' holiday lead.
In a statement, the ministry of education said suggestions and recommendations had been taken to resolve the pay discrepancies in the service of teachers and principals.
Teachers and principals based on their pay discrepancies will not attend the service on the sugayan holiday next year as they prepare to implement the committee's cparis, which removes the state services pay dispute to increase the salaries of all government employees, including teachers and principals.
It is the right of the employees to engage in trade union activities.
According to the ministry, the change in the opportunistic activities of the trade unions used as a strategy to deceive the members is not acceptable to the intelligent profession such as editorial principals, even after learning of the wage increase that could take place.
A massive increase in the salaries of teachers and principals in 2015 and a similar increase in salaries by 106 percent is the work done by any government, the education minister, the attorney general, told the parliament last july.
The minister told parliament on 7 june that the ministry of education had submitted suggestions and recommendations to the ranukke committee on the pay dispute between the teachers' principals.
The allowance for principals has been increased from 650 rupees to 6,500 rupees.
The promotion of 2015 and the beginning of the year has been formally carried out.
The system required for obtaining a pension has been prepared and implemented.
In order to restore the service of the president from politics, about 6,000 people were enrolled in the service.
The provision of overseas training for teachers and principals, and the integration of 25,000 in the teaching service, were carried out during the last four and a half years in a short period.
These are aimed at human resource development in the field of education, the ministry of education said in a media report released today.
The student of chennai filed a complaint against paridasuraya, who won the NEET and joined Theni medical school.
Following this, the case was transferred to CBP.
After this, paritsaraya became Mayan with her parents.
Earlier in the day, the lone police seized surya and his father Venkatesan and thai kayil in the hills of Tirupati.
Goa state BJP legislator adanasio mansarade has filed charges against him on the basis of a complaint that the minor woman committed sexual violence.
He was charged with violent conduct of a 16-year-old girl, atanacho.
The police filed 250 pages of criminal paper against him last year in the district court of north Goa.
The trial of the case begins on october 17.
Adanacho is a legislator of the Panaji constituency.
She was 55 years old and the year of the alleged violent incident was 2016, when the woman was 16 years old.
The woman had accused her of drugs and violence, and that her mother had sold her to adanasio for rs 50 lakh.
It's worth noting that adensio, who was arrested in 2016, is currently on bail.
With the earthquake yesterday evening at the centre of Pakistan, pak occupation Kashmir has suffered more damage.
About 25 people have died there.
More than 400 people were injured.
A 5.8 rich-scale earthquake struck at the centre of pak occupation Kashmir yesterday evening, leaving at least 25 people dead, including women and children, and another 400 injured, many of them seriously, Pakistani officials said.
The earthquake was 22.3 kilometres north of the jilam river, the centre on the border separating Punjab and occupied Kashmir, the us geological survey said.
The quake was centered around 10 km wide.
It was felt in most parts of Punjab and in some parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Pakistan's chief meteorologist Mohammed Riaz has said, however, "the worst damage is in Kashmir's (occupation) meerpur district."
Mirpur divisional commissioner Mohammad dayab said that since the epicentre of the earthquake was near the Jhelum river, it had devastated jadlan and Garry Sharif in neutral areas and damaged hundreds of homes, vehicles and other infrastructure.
He said 12 people died on their way to the headquarters hospital in Mirpur, while 13 died in different villages between jadlan and Garry Sharif.
The 150 injured people are being treated at DHQ hospital.
Many were sent to Rawalpindi, for treatment on top.
Mobile phones, telephone service and electricity were cut off in rural areas.
Because of this, people were unable to report or receive help from their nearest people.
In order to contest the Nanguneri by-election, padrajan has filed nominations with the election officer.
Padrajan, of veerakavalpudur village near Mettur in Salem district, contested the elections against several leaders - Vajpayee, Manmohan singh, Jayalalitha, Karunanidhi and Rajasekhara reddy.
He has contested the election of the president against abdel-lam, branabmukherjee, and ram nath Kovind.
He has spent rs 32 lakh on his own for the deposit paid during the candidacy impact of the election alone.
Let's not think that he's a very wealthy man for that, but he's a middle reading.
Yesterday, he presented the nomination for the Nanguneri constituency to Nadesan, an election official.
He says he will compete in nanganeri for the 206th time and says his aim is not to win, but to place him in Kinross.
He says he has already taken part in limka's book and will stop contesting the elections if he takes part in the Guinness book.
This is the election mannan padrajan, who owns the record of defeat in india.
VikramLander is strongly modi on the ground of the moon and NASA released a photo proof.
NASA's el aroc orbiter filmed and sent the lander, the lander Vikram of the 28 lunar yan-2, strongly mowed down on the moon's south pole.
The lander Vikram of the lunar yan-2 mission sent by isro landed in the south pole area of the moon on 7.
But at the end of the day, communication with it was broken.
Since the lander Vikram landed on the ground of the moon instead of landing as a cloud, it was thought that it was perturbed and communication had been cut off.
In this case, NASA's elroc orbiter crossed the south pole of the moon on 17th.
At the time, the film has sent the plain between simpe Lias n and mansinus c, which landed in Vikram lane.
It has been confirmed that the Vikram lander landed strongly on the ground in the examination of these buttons.
That's why it fell a little too far from the place where it should have landed.
On this, NASA's eroc project deputy director, john Keller, said: "The el aroc orbiter passed over the tenduluve area of the moon on the 17th.
At the time, the evening has sent pictures of her in the dark.
It was revealed that the Vikram lander had landed strongly on the ground.
However, the lander did not end up finding the exact spot where it landed.
The elroc r bitter will pass the tenteruve again on 14th next month.
Since the light will be good at that time, there is a lot of scope for the film to catch the Vikram lander, "he said.
The ideology of both prime minister modi and us president trump is the same.
Modi is propagating in support of us president trump without worrying about the economy.
Sitaram Yechury has accused the conference in Puducherry of questioning the federal doctrine in the central BJP regime.
On behalf of the Marxist communist party, the conference was held in Puducherry Kamban studio on state rights and anti-popular bills.
All india secretary general Sitaram Yechury of the Marxist communist party participated in the function.
Speaking at the seminar, the BJP's campaign of one nation, one culture, one election and one education system has brought into question india's diversity.
You can be arrested by calling yourself an enemy of the nation if you reject the state's anti-democratic stance.
The legislation has been brought forward.
He blamed human rights violations for going to prison, claiming that Bajwa was a terrorist or posted on the social network, and that there was an economic crisis in the country right now.
Because people don't have the power to buy.
But the government has raised rs 2 lakh crore to wealthy employers.
He called for everyone to take part in a protest against the anti-popular government from 10th to 16th october.
In a follow-up speech, the prime minister is not worried about the nation, but is not holding the economy, spreading propaganda to trump.
The Indian government blocked an actor from Bangladesh when he came to india to spread it.
But modi has travelled to the united states to spread that trump should become president again.
Modi has confirmed that the ideology of both of them is the same.
Federal doctrine has been questioned in the central BJP regime.
Sitaram Yechury accused the constitution's promises of being destroyed.
The conference was attended by the tamil secretary of state of the Marxist communist party, Balakrishnan, secretary of state of Puducherry, and prominent leaders.
Compensation for all farmers who have registered and paid insurance installments in the agricultural insurance council will be paid within 2 weeks, according to minister for agriculture, rural economic affairs, livestock development, irrigation and offshore industry and hydrological resource development p herison.
In this regard, advice has been given to the agricultural insurance council.
Under this, 3,000 farmers who have paid insurance installments for Ampara, Monaragala and fig.
The minister mentioned these issues during the interaction at the auditor-general of the ministry on rural economy.
The tablecloth vote will be held tomorrow for the elphadian divisional council election, which is scheduled for 11 next month.
Those who cannot vote by post tomorrow will have the opportunity to vote by post on 4th of next month, said Mahinda patriotic, chairman of the election team.
This has been done in the office of the Galle district elections.
In order to vote by post, the national identity card or election commission will have to take away the identity card allowed.
Two libraries, a hallucinogenic opening on the birthday of Periyar in Malaysia
Bakang state, mentakab estate:
About 100 students attend this tamil school, which was adopted in 1928.
Here the Periyar library was opened in 17-9-2019 by estate executives (Saba) chairman and Dravidian operating worker Govindaswamy.
He was the chief of the school, and he was led by uma.
Members of the executive board of the school were members of the parent teachers union, teachers and Periyar were great volunteers, Raman, chinniya and yoor attended.
The students were given drinks and fruit.
The books of the school's teachers and students were gifted.
Bukitarajah garden, kilan city:
About 160 students attend the tamil school here.
This is where Periyar was set up.
That center was given about 500 books.
The school's head teacher was led by Mallika palaniandi, who was perfect for that event.
Periyar volunteers and Dravidian club colleagues participated in the function.
The students were given a taste.
The books of teachers were gifted.
Cadong garden, racing city:
About 100 students and 15 teachers are employed in this tamil school.
Mrs kanakam, the school's deputy head teacher, took the lead in the event.
More than 400 books were donated by the library of Periyar on 23.9.2019.
The students were given flavor water.
As a gift to the ashri yars, the books of Periyar were given the way.
All the events of the west wing were well organised by m. Govindaswamy.
It is remarkable that the three schools were featured in his work on the great.
It is worth noting that Dr. K. Veeramani, the tamil leader, was constantly briefed on the great work.
Left-wing alliance candidate mani c. capan has won in Kerala's hair assembly constituency by-election.
Kmmani was part of the congress alliance despite the separate party starting from congress.
Kmmani has been a political leader who has embraced the defeat of the election in Kerala's political history.
Union minister, K. m. mani, minister of various departments of Kerala, died of ill health last April.
Thus, a by-election was declared for the assembly seat.
The election for this volume was held on 23.
Mani c. capan was the candidate of the left in the constituency, José tom pullikunnell as the congress alliance candidate and Kottayam Hari as the BJP candidate.
Votes cast in the election were counted this morning.
This included left-wing candidate mani c. capan winning 54,137 votes.
The congress coalition candidate who contested him had 51,194 votes.
Left-wing candidate mani c. capan won by 2,943 votes.
Kottayam Hari, who ran as a BJP candidate, won 18,044 votes.
The BJP had 24,821 votes in the same constituency in the 2016 election.
The BJP has lost 6,000 votes in the current by-election.
For the last 54 years, the congress coalition has dominated the lok sabha constituency.
Now the left has ended this dominance.
In the southwest of the country, the downpours will cause heavy rainfall in sea areas from Batticaloa to Matara through public.
From kangesandal to Trincomalee, there may be rain or thundery showers with a cloud in the coastal areas beyond Batticaloa.
In other seabirds surrounding the country, there may be rain or thunderstorms in the evening or at night.
Winds will sweep southwest across the country in the surrounding waters, and wind speeds will range from 10 to 30 kilometers per hour.
During the thunderstorm, wind speed in these areas will temporarily increase from 70 to 80 kg.
The department of meteorology noted that in such instances, the sea will be temporarily volatile.
PM modi urged india to be included as a member of the nuclear supply nations group at a meeting in new York city, us.
Prime minister Narendra modi has visited the us for seven days in a government complaint.
PM modi will address the annual general meeting at the un tomorrow.
He has attended various events and is meeting with world leaders.
As part of that, he met with us president trump at the Howdy modi event in Houston, usa.
The two leaders discussed various issues of friendship, industry, trade, security, global issues, Kashmir, etc.
Following this, several CEOs of american companies mixed up at the bloombock world industry house meeting in new York city yesterday.
Prime minister modi, who took part, said: -
The challenge for india today is to use nuclear power to fuel it.
This is because india is not a member of the nuclear supply group.
If india gets that opportunity, it will be an example for the world.
This is how pm modi spoke.
The nuclear supply group controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
India continues to take various steps as a member of this group.
While the us and other countries supported india's visit, china opposed india's signing of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
Last march, however, six us companies announced that they would set up nuclear power plants in india.
An old man has been found near the school.
The electrical workers dug in the afternoon to plant a battery in kokkaraipettai, near pallipalayam in Namakkal district, the day before yesterday.
One of them was visible.
When he continued to dig, he knew it was old-fashioned.
There were bones inside.
The reported revenue department went to the scene and collected bones in the basement.
He said, "there is a lot of fear in the river.
So if the archaeological survey is done, we can find many more historical landmarks. '
The all india technical education council (aycdie), the top body for technical education, has been working on renewal and promotion of the curriculum for engineering education in the space of time.
Higher education institutions for engineering education have been following the ayacidae design curriculum.
It is the university's administration that forms the curriculum for colleges affiliated with anna bulgarik.
In june, 2019, aaycdi issued guidance saying that students in engineering education should have three courses as a choice in 32 courses without a curriculum and study in 3rd, 4th and 5th semester.
32 lessons are listed in the society for technical education, values and charity, charity and best way of life, Shadowkeep, videotape and documentation.
Students at 4 colleges like anna university, college of engineering kindergarten, school of architecture and planning, engineering of the Alagappa college of engineering, and madras institute of technology in crombete selected aspirational courses by course.
In it, b. tech (information technology) students selected philosophical lessons in the total of 12 courses.
In the 5th unit of the theoretical course, the Bhagavad Gita is composed of songs about the realisation of our energy under the theme "knowledge and energy" and Krishna's teachings to arjuna to put his mind in check.
In the meantime, there has been fierce opposition in tamil Nadu to anna dental gallery suddenly bringing the Bhagwad anthem into song.
It is against secularism and will include religious matters in a secular country, said teacher k Veeramani, DMK president general MK Stalin, leaders, academics, student organizations and writers.
It has been announced that the DMK student team will come up near anna university on october 1st to protest against anna's sudden participation in the anna dental art institute.
Their aim is to embrace all people with egalitarian status.
Sajith premadas, minister of housing building culture, said that his aim is to embrace all people without race, religion and party status with equality.
During a media meeting in Colombo yesterday.
He said that based on this, the declaration of democratic policy, which is proud of the motherland, will be published soon.
There is no opposition to strengthening executive power.
No relatives have worked in their ministry or institutions under it, he said.
Minister Sajid premadas also noted that those involved in corruption will not be included in the presidential election campaign or on a political trip.
DMK leadership has landed 68 MLAs on the ground for the Vikravandi constituency by-election.
A by-election is being held on october 21 for both Vikravandi and Nanguneri.
In it, Tithi and nangunneri are contesting against the agency.
Since he will be given an AIADMK duff in Vikravandi constituency, DMK chief Stalin has reportedly consulted with the activist poncrown and set up a series of surprises.
DMK chief has appointed 68 MLAs to be responsible for the Vikravandi by-election.
Stalin has exempt only 32 MLAs from southern districts.
He has also asked the congress to stand by Nanguneri.
Wickrawandi can be pondered as the chair of the election responsibility committee, secretary jagthratsegan mp has also been appointed.
A angani, Selam selvarapati, aks Vijayan and others have been appointed.
In addition, 10 MPs were also set to be deployed in the by-election.
During the separate election just after the parliamentary election, the MPs did not involve anyone in the DMK leadership election.
Watch them your work as you practice, Stalin said.
Now they have also been moved.
CBI checks at Bengaluru ex-police commissioner's home.
The CBI is conducting a raid on the home of the former Bengaluru police commissioner on the issue of tapping the phone of political figures.
In Karnataka, the Bharatiya Janata party (BJP) was ruled after a government led by Kumaraswamy collapsed.
Yediyurappa took over as chief minister.
Bhaskarrao, who was appointed Bengaluru city police commissioner at this stage, was thrilled to have an audio conversation with a party figure for the commissioner's post.
The BJP complained that Kumaraswamy had been asked for a phone call in government.
The BJP leaders continued to complain that Siddaramaiah, who was the coordinator of the Bharatiya Janata party (BJP), his aides and some leaders from the secular Janata dal party, MLAs and top officials had heard the telephone conversation of a total of 300 people.
The party leaders urged the appropriate inquiry to take action.
Senior congress leaders, including mallikarjuna karge, Siddaramaiah, and former police minister mp Patil, urged them to investigate.
Explaining the matter, Kumaraswamy said he did not ask anyone's phone as a whole, and that the complaint about it was out of the truth and ready for any investigation.
The phone tapping issue in Karnataka politics sparked a major storm.
Chief minister Yediyurappa recommended a CBI investigation into this situation.
The CBI has filed a case and is investigating.
Today CBI officers carried out a raid on the home of aalekumar, the former police commissioner, in Bengaluru.
The test was carried out on reports that he had stored information on the phone of political figures in a pentagon.
It will be revealed that only after the test was completed did the pentagon get stuck or not?
Prime minister Narendra modi today addressed the united nations general assembly on behalf of india.
He was tough against terrorism at the time.
In his speech, he recalled that the land of india, buddha, Vivekananda and ganiyan was inhabited by the people.
Modi spoke: Our country, no war, buddha's message of peace to the world.
It is because of this that we have always been a voice against terrorism.
We warn the world and the world not to be caught in the clutches of terrorism.
More than 3,000 years ago, the best poet in india was ganyan, who sang in the ancient tamil language of the world, "yum yum yum, everyone is heard."
I mean, we have all the space.
All of them are our relatives.
This is india ’ s unique.
We do not see terrorism as a limited challenge to india.
We see it as an act against the whole world and human beings.
So the whole world must mobilize against terrorism.
125 years ago, swami Vivekananda, the best spiritual guru, delivered this message to the world during the world religious conference in Chicago.
This is the message, "harmony and peace are needed.
And there are no difference of opinion.
Today, i say the same on behalf of the largest democratic country in the world.
Only 'harmony and peace' is the message we give to the world. '
This is how modi mentioned in his speech.
Sajjad Premadasa is to run as Ranil's united national party candidate in the Sri lankan presidential election.
The presidential election in Sri Lanka takes place on november 16.
Gotabaya is standing as the candidate of Mahinda Rajapakse's Sri Lanka pa peramunu in the election.
Parties including the JVP have also announced candidates.
Confusion lasted over who was the candidate of prime minister Ranil's united national party.
In the case of Ranil, the president was said to have wanted to contest the election.
It was also reported that president Maithripala Sirisena had made efforts to become the general candidate.
His belief is that Ranil can win the tamil vote.
Sirisena's account is that he can easily win if he is sent to prison without competing with Ranil.
But these two are unfulfilled.
He is currently leading the united national party as a Sajjad Premadasa candidate.
It is also worth noting that Sajjad is the son of former president Premadasa.
Sajid has shown his strength to unite his supporters and moved to be a candidate for chancellor.
Speaking at a grand public meeting in Kalutara and mattukam yesterday, i am not a presidential candidate who is bound by the conditions.
He secretly spoke to Ranil about his self-respect for me.
A former minister and legislator, A.V. Velu, said that the seat of father Periyar is at risk in tamil Nadu.
On thursday, the birth anniversary of father and performer anna was conned in the setuand Divya education colour forest.
P. selvarasan, the talker of Divya educational institutions, chaired the meeting.
As a special guest, former minister a v Velu spoke among the students:
Many monarchs, including Cheran, chola, Pandiyan, suchalukyan and Krishna deva Raya, have not read women during ad sik.
But it was Periyar who worked for girls to study, their livelihoods to rise and Venn to give them equal rights in the property.
He was the one who worked on it.
Along the way, the DMK leader had a reservation for women under the Kalaignar regime, equal rights in the property, balanced education and qualification forces.
He was the father of all these people.
They are at risk when they come to father's policy.
He said that today we are overwhelmed with the name NEET examination, as we develop several doctors on merit through balanced education.
Secretary of educational institutions Senthil Kumar, vice president pravenkumar, executive advisor, then veenkumar took the lead.
Bholur district legislator kv Sekaran, former nanalal legislators Rajendran, Pandurangan, Saval Bundi sundusan, chetuppu and DMK city secretary Murugan spoke to yoor.
The chief minister of Polytech college Murugan thanked him.
The tamil Nadu tourism development academy hosted a world tourism day event at the tamil Nadu hotel in Madurai.
The hotel's cooks put together 101 meals to prepare and display.
They had made small food, Madurai regional foods, varied chores, confusion, joint porridge, snacks and sweets.
The northern state and foreign food had also been prepared.
They said all types of food available in common hotel to five-star hotels would be available at the tamil Nadu hotel
The pleasant proteiners and the sik foundation co-hosted a one-day employment camp at jerusalem college in school, chennai.
More than 26 banks and non-banking financial institutions attended.
More than 7,000 young people and girls took part.
Balaji, managing director of incognito proteiners, said it was a privilege to say that more than 1500s of young people had access to jobs.
We arranged this camp for the benefit of unemployed graduate youth and students.
Otherwise, we are free from any money received from the students or institutions.
He said that our objective is to ensure that such a job camp continues to run in different places and create an unemployed community.
At the lower end of Sivaganga district near Madurai, a 5-phase excavation is underway on behalf of the archaeological department of tamil Nadu.
Starting on 13th june, they were supposed to be completed on 30th september and now have 15 days to complete.
In this context, members of the public and archaeology activists and students from various places in tamil Nadu visit the lower house.
Minister mafa Pandiarajan said the museum would be set up to document the archaeological remains received at the lower end.
Initially, he had said that music would be made in 1 crore rupees.
The us has urged india to take swift action to loosen restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and release all those in detention.
Alice wells, deputy secretary of state for south and central asian affairs, spoke at the 74th meeting of the united nations:
The detention of a large number of people in the Jammu and Kashmir valley is worrying.
The government of india must start political activities in the state.
We have to hold elections as quickly as we have already committed.
We must loosen restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and free those detained.
Alice wells urged the government of india to take measures faster.
Earlier, it was reported that us president Donald trump wanted to mediate on Jammu and Kashmir.
The Indian side was strongly opposed to this.
The united states then withdrew its opinion.
Following this, pm modi visited the us to attend the un general assembly meeting.
First up was modi and Donald trump at the Howdy modi event in Houston.
The two then took part in various events together.
At the time, trump had paid tribute to india's father, pm modi.
The us has now pressured india on Kashmir.
It was decided at the ayaidi council meeting that the fee would be increased 10 times in all technical institutions of india.
Ayaadi institute, an institute of technical education, is a key role in the development of skilled students across india.
Cabinet chaired by union minister ramesh Pokhriyal on 28.9.2019
The decision taken at that meeting has shocked students and the public.
The decision is being taken to increase the fee for MTech to 10 times that of ayyadi.
Tuition is only being collected from rs 20,000 to rs 50,000 per semester in all ayyans in india.
At this stage, the fee has now been raised up to rs 2 lakh for the coming year.
9,280 students are eligible for scholarships from 12 ai students who are studying for the first year of the 2019-2020 academic year. MTech has also been decided to end the monthly scholarship of 12,400 students.
Delhi, chennai, Mumbai, karagpur, Kanpur, rouki and Guwahati will reduce the funding provided by the central government.
The union government has raised the fee to collect the funds from the students to tackle this reduction.
It is also said that the respective companies have been instructed to carry out developments in order to keep the amount of construction done by their respective technical institutions, and to borrow in the bank and to receive the amount from the corporates.
Since the BJP came to power, it has prevented education from reaching out to the government, reduced funding for primary education in the 2015 budget, followed by a significant reduction in funding for education during the ovulation report.
This was followed by a steady flow of big employers to open up educational institutions to provide more facilities to private educational institutions.
At this stage, the new education policy has imposed a range of rules requiring educational institutions to operate in private institutions without any significance to the institutions of state education.
This has led the central government to move from basic education to higher education to a position where only those who are comfortable are able to call on india's rich counter-age as an illiterate country after centuries.
Ranu's book, "caricature art," was published by art magazine editor thupampur Shankar Subrahmanyam and received by former IAS officer bhaskur sundarapandian.
The late 'cartoonist' Ranu, a sk Ramanujam, was held on sunday at the russian cultural centre in chennai.
The ceremony was chaired by p. Thangappan, secretary of the Indo-Russian chamber of commerce.
On the occasion, art magazine editor kettampur Shankar Subrahmanyam published the first book and received the former IAS officer and head of the siddha research centre, r. karpadur Sundara Pandian.
Speaking on the occasion, sarpandiyan, who was a special guest, said:
Ramanujam, the late cartoonist Ranu, was the leader of the cartoon painters.
Ranu Khartoum has created a large number of students through the study and education foundation.
Generally, even the one celebrated by the world is not celebrated by the family.
On the contrary, it is a matter of pride that the cartoonist Ranu, even after his late death, has brought out the book he wrote and the family itself.
Ranu said he would be living for a long time, both through his works and through this book.
When Sankara Subrahmanyam spoke, sk Ramanujam became the leading caricature of india.
He was travelling the world and giving caricatures training.
He was, in the making of caricature, a budding artist.
Ranu was not only a painter but a cartoonist and an expert in the field of animation.
Over the last 30 years, he conducted a caricature art study in accordance with the Indian environment.
He said he would live long hours through his writings and cartoons.
R. Bhupathi, coordinator of the Ranu garden study and education foundation, thanked him.
Good omens, tv executive c. Pereyra and others participated.
DMK has asked chief minister Edappadi Palanisami how many blocks built in the last eight years of overrule.
In a statement issued by the party's treasurer Duraimurugan, the chief minister criticised the intelligence of any detail about the public service.
In his statement, DMK treasurer Duraimurugan said that the water that is opened in the seashore is in vain due to the unconcern of the ADMK government and lack of administrative capacity.
In the way Cauvery passed away, our leader MK Stalin expressed his concern for the responsibility of the opposition leader of the tamil Nadu legislature, saying that the ADMK government had no concrete plan to detain it.
Thinking that the response to the chief minister was to answer, Edappadi Palaniswami said, 'did the DMK blame us, in their rule, have they built a barrier on the side?'
"I would like to tell him that we have built a barrier under the rule of the DMK in the direction of mayanur.
Will chief minister Edappadi Palaniswami, who is also in charge of the public works department, speak out without the truth?
With that barrier built in mayanur, earth's water resources grew in the area.
That's why agriculture flourished.
That's why thousands of people in the area who are benefitting from this day can be seen thanking the government of the club for their gratitude.
The block was built by the government of the club in mayanur as required during that period.
At the time, there was no need for further detentions.
Had it been necessary, the artist, who was then chief minister, would have immediately given permission, set aside funds and stepped up the work.
Therefore, there is no stone left for the government to blame the club for the welfare of the cautionary tale.
I ask, how many blocks have you built in the past eight years of the ADMK regime?
We have built more than 40 dams in tamil Nadu during DMK regimes.
Can you point to a single dam, a dam built in the A.D. regimes?
Don't lie.
Let us know with the evidence that if the leader of the opposition is responding to their allegation - we are building a barrier or planning to build in the innings.
I am obliged to point out that it is not a civilized act or a beauty to the position of the chief minister, who is acting as a personal weight, that speaking without fact is not a deterrent in the direction of the DMK regime. '
The state bank of india has decided to determine interest based on repo from 1st october.
Considering the country's economic growth, the reserve bank has cut short-term loan interest (repo) by 1.1 per cent so far in 4 consecutive instalments.
But there is a charge that banks haven't even paid customers half the amount of it.
Banks are currently setting interest in emailing mode.
Since 1st october, the RBI has directed the implementation of interest rate fixation on the basis of treasury bill and repo interest rate, which the government is issuing short term loans.
Accordingly, the state bank of india (SBI) has announced that it has decided to set house, vehicle loans and micro, small and medium industry loans by measuring the emslr rate from 1st october.
The Ceylon administrative service association has decided to temporarily pause its trade union activities.
The president of the union, Prabhat chandrakerti, said that the resolution was made because the work was intended to take charge of tomorrow's interaction with the cabinet and the presidential election postal ballot applications.
He expressed confidence that the administrative services, including the department of attrition, immigration and the commissioner's department of motor vehicles, will take place in a routine manner.
Prathad chandrakerthi added that the government administration service union is hopeful that tomorrow's talks with the cabinet committee and the upcoming cabinet meeting on tuesday will have a positive outcome in relation to their pay dispute.
The cricket match between Pakistan teams today.
The first match of the one-day tournament between Sri Lanka and Pakistan cricket teams is set to begin in Karachi today.
The match is scheduled to begin at 3.30pm on Sri lankan time.
A rivalry between the two countries is currently taking place in Pakistan after 10 years.
The Sri lankan team manager, achanda dimel, said he was satisfied with the security provided to the Sri lankan team in Pakistan.
He said that the defence or equivalent of a head of state has been given to the Sri lankan cricket team.
One day international matches between the Sri lankan team and Pakistan will take place in three and three matches.
McGregor and yowilson have been appointed neutral in a one-day tournament by the international cricket forum.
Malaysia had a technical glitch on the flight, and was found when it went on the runway.
As the plane stopped, 174 passengers survived.
Malindo's flight from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, arrives daily at 10.35 p.m.
It then leaves the church in Kuala Lumpur at 11.25pm.
As usual, the plane arrived in Trichy the night before.
The plane then left the church to Kuala Lumpur.
There were 174 passengers on that flight.
When he went on the runway, the pilot found the plane's eliminator had a technical disorder.
He then stopped the plane on the runway.
The plane was then brought to the airport and stopped.
Engineers were involved in the task of correcting the technical disorders.
So the passengers were sitting on the plane for two hours.
But due to the inability to fix the technical disorders, all passengers were taken off the plane.
After this, 138 passengers were housed in the private hostel.
Other passengers went back to their homes after changing their flight dates and cancelling flight tickets.
Had it gone out with technical disorders in the incident, the plane might have been involved in the accident.
But as the pilot found the technical disorders at the right time, the plane did not leave.
So it's worth noting that 174 passengers have survived.
In this case, the technical glitch on the plane was corrected.
The plane then departed in Kuala Lumpur around 5 p.m. yesterday with 138 passengers.
The Indian health department has said that more than 5,000 people have been infected across the country so far for dengue outbreaks caused by 'aids' type numbness in india.
More than 1,000 people have been infected with dengue so far in tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
Dengue is spreading rapidly in tamil Nadu and new Cheri.
A 12-year-old girl in chennai and a student in krishnagiri died the day before yesterday, an Indian media reported.
135 people are being admitted and treated at chennai government hospitals.
Over the past few days, there has been rainfall in various places in tamil Nadu.
Special teams have been set up across tamil Nadu on behalf of the municipal administration and the department of health, and dengue fever activities are being monitored.
The country's health department has advised that dengue victims should be treated at government hospitals.
Extension of aadhaar link with pan till dec. 31.
The time for linking aadhaar number with permanent income tax account number (pan number) has been extended till 31st december.
The central board of direct taxes (CBT) extends the respite for pan-aadhar connectivity, which is seventh.
The government had already extended the term from 31st march to 30th september for six months.
This time has now been extended for another 3 months.
Every citizen of india has a 12-digit identification number (UIDAI) and Aadhar number.
The income tax department provides written identification number to the individual and company who pays income tax at number 10 of the permanent income tax account (pan number).
On 1st july, 2017, the board of direct taxes announced that aadhaar number should be linked to income tax.
After that, the time for the aadhaar-pan merger was extended several times.
In the meantime, the supreme court in september last year ruled that the aadhaar scheme would go into law against granting aadhaar cards to citizens.
The supreme court also ruled that aadhaar number is mandatory for payment of income tax.
In the meantime, when filing an income tax account, it was announced on 5th july in the central public budget enough to mention aadhaar number instead of pan number.
DMK chief MK Stalin visited the site of the undercover investigation, which has shown a Vaigai tamil culture.
The following findings revealed that the lifestyle of the association's time literature was the life of tamil people who lived in blood and sadism; it was not fiction.
On the banks of the Ganges in the north, the city civilisation began in the 6th century.
But the underlying evidence has proved scientifically that in the 6th century bc, Tamils lived on the banks of the Vaigai and lived a very rich life as the best in literacy knowledge.
The following findings have created a revision of the history of the Indian sub-continent.
A large number of people visit the site of the understudy, which is a source of pride for every tamil person.
Recently, Seeman, chief coordinator of the tamil party, visited the excavation site.
Following him today, DMK chief MK Stalin went to the bottom and visited excavations sites.
He was accompanied by CMP s Venkatesan and tithivu's leading executives.
In this regard, Stalin posted the video on his twitter account, titled 'when he visited the land of the underland that made sense to the world of tamil civilisation dating back 2600 years.'
Trump seeking Ukraine probe!
The white house confirmed that it was true that Donald trump had phoned the Ukrainian president to launch an investigation against former vice president Joe Biden, who is likely to be the presidential candidate for the democratic party.
Thus, the resolution of qualifying has been proposed against trump in the house of representatives for the democratic party, saying it was misleading to pressure the other country and to investigate the us leader.
In this regard, six committees have been constituted on the orders of the speaker of the house of representatives, nancy, to investigate the president's actions.
At this point, the president of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelensky, last spoke to trump on the july 25 phone, so investigate, "trump said at the time.
The white house has officially released the statement of what the presidents of both countries talked about yesterday.
So it has been agreed that it is true that this conversation took place.
At the same time, Donald trump told reporters outside the united nations meeting that the request was made friendly.
<unk> said Ukraine was not under any kind of pressure from the president.
But one of the things to look at was the abrupt suspension by the u.s. government of nearly $400 million worth of financial aid provided to Ukraine.
Then some time later, the fund was allocated.
Democrats are tying the knot with this idea and trump spoke to him.
So the incident has begun to spark a storm in american politics.
Joe Biden, son, hunter 2014, was appointed in April as a tariff board member of Ukraine's understanding holdings.
The company was involved in natural gas extraction operations in Crimea, a Ukrainian peninsula linked by russia.
The investigating officer who investigated the abuse complaint against the understanding holdings company was sacked.
The republican party is accusing Joe Biden of a handshake in this.
But hunter has continued to deny the allegation that he used his father for his business matters.
The government official's beating of journalists in the presence of school minister senkottai has caused a lot of excitement.
The minister inaugurated the red fort drinking water project at nityanagapala near Gopi, erode district.
When journalists were filming him, Muthulingam, the assistant director of the tamil Nadu drinking water board, was standing down to obstruct them.
That's why journalists have raised their voices saying, "sir, sir, stay a little bit."
At the time, he spoke in one way about 'who do you want to push, what a great man you are?' And slammed the journalists who pushed him.
Knowing he was in the alcohol, minister red fort ordered him to evacuate immediately.
After this, top officials drove mutulingai to not be at the function and immediately set off.
However, more than 15 journalists took to the mantle to demand departmental action against assistant operative mutulingam.
The minister of information, senkottai, has contacted top officials of the erode district tamil Nadu drinking water drainage board and purchased ledb and wright for what courage he said to come to the government function.
He has also requested the suspension of mutulingam.
Minister Pandiarajan said that in phase 5, the world has got historical walls to maintain the reputation of the underworld.
In the presence of Jayakanthan, Gadar and village industries board minister g Bhaskaran, tamil minister of state for tamil culture k Pandiarajan visited the media:
The lower 5 is a turning point in the confluence of history in tamil Nadu.
From 6th century to 1st century ad, it is a rich part of the world.
By the evidence available at present, the urbanization of the river Vaigai is in this study.
It has been decided that the scientific dating of the excavation at the lower end is more than 100 years old in tamil Nadu's literate society in the 6th century.
Further, 70 bones uncovered by the study have been sent to Tegan college, a master's and research firm, for scientific analysis.
The species of timilgal, buffalo, goat, wild boar, kalaiman and mayeri were identified through erections in the analysis of these pens.
The study also found that animals such as cow, buffalo and goat are used to support agriculture and to feed on certain erectile dysfunction in animals such as Kaliman, Vaucluse and wild boar.
By the end of the study, the sanghala community was the first to take up agriculture as well.
Samples of bricks based on sunburn, roof tiles and the hush of firewood have been sent to the university of technology in Vellore for analysis.
In each of these, minerals such as silica soil, sunflower, iron, aluminium and magnesium are available to be found in the study.
The work is underway to set up a museum at the main site at an estimated cost of rs. 20 crore for the benefit of more tamil scholars, students, students and the public to protect such arias.
A further 5-phase excavation work will extend to two weeks and continue to work.
Similarly, tamil Nadu minister of culture k Pandiarajan said that the state government will work with the central government to build 6 of the four locations next year.
The event was attended by manamadurai legislator s Nagarajan, former mp senthilanathan, assistant director of archaeology, djivanantham, custodian asidembi, reptitious circle officer raja and government officials.
On the occasion of world old age day for Andhra club, Asiana supam was celebrated on behalf of the old people ’ s residential institute, a celebration of the old man's dress, dance and singing.
The 92-year-old grandmother danced to the music of sheep and buffaloes.
Actress Ambika, singer LR Eswari and Purnima Kumar gave prizes to Raman couples who were chosen as best elderly couple.
Virgo evanses had arranged full moon Kumar events.
Businessman nali Kuppusamy Chetty, actress Ambika, singer LR Eswari and gave awards to the elderly who won the competition.
15 bottles attended the fashion show.
Haripriya took the top spot.
Surega and Radhika ranked 2, 3rd.
Beautiful grandmothers marched in fashion costumes.
They took the first place and the second place was Kannan.
Susan, art and vanja won as the best sheep.
Shri Ramanan couples took the top spot and srinivasan-palambal couples 2nd place in the competition.
The families of the elderly attended and encouraged them.
Lolita, 92, made an Audi for the music of sheep Bombay.
Virgo evanses Purnima Kumar said the old man's day should be celebrated in a noisy manner as women's day and love day.
The union cabinet chaired by the prime minister shri Narendra modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the union cabinet.
The international labour organisation is the only tripartite forum in the united nations.
Labour laws are passed in all countries of the world as the basis of the conventions and recommendations of the un international labour organization.
The review of such conventions and recommendations takes place until 27 at the international labour organization's campus in Geneva, Switzerland.
The meeting will consult and discuss all tradition and recommendations and send them to the recommendations of the governing council.
Union labour and employment ministry deputy chief labour commissioner muthumanickam, as representative of the government of india, attended the meeting.
International trade unions, employers and governments from 187 countries will attend the tripartite meeting.
This is the first time a deputy chief labour commissioner has been sent as a representative of india for this kind of work, the deputy chief labour commissioner said in a press release.
At this stage, s a Chandrasekhar, the father and director of actor vijay, flew from chennai to Thoothukudi to attend an event to be held at nagernagil in Kanyakumari district.
At the time, vijay was asked about the speech and about the opposition of the ADMK.
Responding, he said: "When he was on the road going to the bike, the banner fell and Subhash died in the accident.
All of them are talking about this incident.
So, vijay spoke about something that everyone is talking about.
Why has the court not yet arrested those involved in subhri's case? '
At this point, the ministers and the ADMK did not know why they were protesting, saying, "is vijay's platform a sign of politics?"
He said, "i don't know anything like that.
Let's go, let's go quickly, "he said.
Deputy chief minister o Panneerselvam reviewed the tamil Nadu drinking alternative accommodation in raja Annamalaipuram, valleswaran temple garden, chennai today and heard public grievances.
The 488 dwellings built in 1979-80 have been very repaired.
The deputy chief minister assured residents that the work will soon be started and the new settlements will be completed.
The deputy chief minister said that at a project estimate of rs 67.89 crore, 200 square feet of old accommodation was demolished and 400 square feet of space, a couch, a reception room, a bathroom and new residences with a toilet were to be built quickly under the housing scheme for all.
While the contract points for the project have been finalized, he said, the existing settlements will soon be demolished and the construction of new settlements will be fast-tracked.
Until then, the deputy chief minister has directed the slum replacement board officers and municipal authorities in chennai to maintain the area as clean and sanitary.
O Panneerselvam said 6 lakh houses have been built so far for the homeless poor and all will be built by 2023.
Ravi MLA and officials went.
Karnataka music is for young artists on behalf of Indira sivasailam foundation.
As a preview of the annual Indira sivasailam foundation concert at madras music academy, the Indira sivasailam foundation hosted the musical "anwesha guwest for the best" in 7 years.
Introduced in 2018, the "anwesha pal scholars" competition provides a platform for emerging music artists to showcase their talents in Karnataka music in the presence of eminent jury and Indira sivasailam foundation medal recipients from the music of the music academy advanced school of Karnataka.
Participants in anvesha palavitawan competition were asked to upload their talent and performance in Karnataka music in a video form on the facebook page of the Indira sivasailam foundation.
This year, nearly 100 competitors including a few participants from tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and usa, and the middle east participated in the competition.
The jury will include perasiri Rajan, Dr. R.S. Jayalakshmi, faculty members from the myusic academy advanced school of karnatic miushik and Dr. pantula Rama, who will receive this year's Indira sivasailam foundation medal.
This year, the competition for artists aged 10-15 was introduced in addition to the categories of opportunity and vocals for artists (pulpit and field).
The participants in the three categories demonstrated their skills in an extremely efficient manner.
The details of those declared winners of the anwesha 2019 are as follows:
Swathika, Dhruv s. padangi and Kamaishi ambhipudi and abramay Seshadri have all won the vaivai category.
RT Siakam Raghav has won the opportunity<unk> category for artists between the ages of 16 and 20.
Anwesha jury members dr pantula Rama, perasiri Rita Rajan, dr R.S. Jayalakshmi and Sunita Subramanian from Indira sivasailam foundation gave awards to the winners.
Viewers and participants who witnessed the event praised the efforts of the Indira sivasailam foundation, which has maintained and defended the Karnataka sangeet in the form of art among emerging artists.
Bills foundation award for Indian girl who fought against child marriage.
A 17-year-old girl from Rajasthan has been awarded a "senchmaker" (who has funded the change) on behalf of the bills foundation for fighting child marriage and child labour methods.
Little girl Boyle zankit (17) from hinsala village, 100km from Jaipur, Rajasthan.
He campaigned vigorously against the child marriage system and the child labour system in his village.
He also carried out the campaign in some villages in Aru gill to his village.
That's why many pit marriages were prevented in those areas.
The award had been announced on behalf of the bill and Melinda gates foundation in honor of Boyle's work.
The awards ceremony was held tuesday night in new York city, usa.
Boyle received the "senzmaker" award from deputy general secretary Amina J. mugamat.
After the award, Boyle said, "there were a lot of issues in our village.
In particular, they wouldn't send girls out and read them.
They will be married at a young age.
The family decided to marry me and my childhood.
At the time, i approached a social raker and made peace with my father.
After that, we carried out a series of rallies and battles against child marriage and demanding that the children be sent to school.
We went to every house and raised awareness of this in all.
Parents should give every child the opportunity to raise his life. '
A public apology period has been announced for a 2-month period in Jordan.
The foreign employment bureau has announced that the public apology period, which began on 22 september, will be in place until 29 november.
Foreign personnel who travel to Jordan with an employment visa and stay without a visa for a period of time will be able to collect any penalty during this public apology period.
However, foreigners who go there on a tourist visa and stay illegally after the visa permit expires will be able to leave after paying the penalty, the Jordan embassy said.
It is notable that in Jordan last february, such a public apology was announced for the illegal exodus of foreign nationals.
Is the BJP taking over the politics of the Khaled caste in tamil Nadu?
In tamil Nadu, the BJP is supposed to finally take on the politics of race if engengango is unable to wreak havoc on tamil Nadu.
The first time modi was prime minister, he was in a position to see Tamarai in tamil Nadu.
After this, for the second time, it was only after the election of the mp that Amitabh was condemned for saying, "i don't know what to do.
However, in the five volumes, only the soil was able to be absorbed.
There is a wave of protests in tamil Nadu, even though the country is full of Bajwa.
This is above all the case of triple talaq, Kashmir, the imposition of hindi, the same nation is the same language.
Since all this has been done together, it is still found in the sundown.
That is why the BJP leadership has been tough on BJP executives in tamil Nadu, and that is why even the state leadership has been so complex that it is yet to be appointed.
Even if this is on the one hand, the BJP is planning to somehow root out the BJP in tamil Nadu within the upcoming assembly polls.
For that reason, the BJP leadership seems to have almost come to an end through direct field ripper and intelligence ripper like this.
Accordingly, whether it is the agency or the Tithi, the idea that the two Dravidian parties are not sufficiently important to the people of nadar, the people of the vanniar community and the people of Devendra kulavarkar.
It is also said to be sad for the Dravidian parties.
It is this formula that the BJP has started trickling in and out.
In order to make their respective communities proud, or to give them a post of significance, it is decided to honour them.
The appointment of tamil Isai Soundararajan as governor of Telangana is such a one.
Similarly, the BJP government is also said to have placed emphasis on high ranking countries in isro.
It is true that if the BJP acts so as to honour each race, it will bring pride and joy to the respective ethnic people.
And, in any case, the masiad will do massive to the BJP in this caste politics.
At the same time, it is not known if these activities of the BJP will further fuel the burning fire, when tamil Nadu is already becoming Chinna in caste politics.
If such a caste fire starts burning, it is true that even Tamara's bald patch, which has blossomed in tamil Nadu, will be caught in the same fire!
The wage worker was murdered by a drunk driver near Viluppuram.
The young man was killed with a knife in an opposition battle near vrindavanur by a wage worker.
The assistant investigator who went to pick up the culprit was also outraged by the knife attack.
The son of Pichai from the gangaramayam colony (28), next to vrindavanur near viluviluppuram.
The wage worker.
(33) the son of Kasinathan.
They have been involved in frequent drinking and conflict in the region.
On them, there are cases at the valvanur police station.
At this point, the young man, who is doing business with alcohol at night, has routinely been bullied by the public from time to time by having a knife.
In this regard, on saturday evening, he came to drink alcohol and threatened those who went on the road in the kalingaramayam colony.
At that time, when he went to the house of tangiyaraj because of his hostility, he had trouble with her at home.
In the conflict, young sieve also has a knife and has suddenly cut the tangibles.
In this case, Dheeraj, who fell down in the blood, was pronounced dead at the scene.
After this, he drove to the public with khatiya and turned himself in the road.
The assistant police inspector Manikantan and the police rushed to find information and tried to catch him.
At the time, assistant inspector manikton was injured in the knife attack.
He was immediately admitted to a private hospital and treated.
After this, the police rammed ayanan and took him to the police station.
According to the incident, viluppu DSP J. Shankar, vrindavanur police inspector Nandagopal and the police rushed to inspect the scene of the killing and investigate.
Police protection was put in place as the incident of murder in the Pondicherry state border area, kengambala.
On complaint of this, vrindavanur police have registered a case of murder, arrested ayyanam and launched a serious investigation.
The next stage in chennai was a road safety camp and awareness rally for the new prince shri Bhavani college of arts and sciences and metropolitan transportation police (dipaakkam traffic police) in chennai.
M. Prabhakaran, director of the new prince Sri Bhavani college of arts and sciences, welcomed everyone.
Senior chief minister v Karunanidhi, chief minister wuma Devi, deputy chief minister a mathias pacheli and others took the lead.
L. Naveen prasad, vice president of new prince education groups, chaired and launched the road safety awareness camp.
As a special guest, Sivasankaran, a traffic police inspector, flagged off the awareness rally and gave a keynote address to the students to provide guidance on road safety regulations.
He said that the need for road regulations should start from the students because they believe in them and this society.
Young people who suffer the most from road accidents must be forced to undertake such awareness programmes at schools and colleges to prevent this.
Not everyone has to abide by the traffic rules for fine, but to protect your lives.
Students must wear a forced headscarf when they are in a two-wheeled vehicle and never use a cellphone while driving.
We have to move vehicles after learning the rules of the road.
We need to ensure adequate cooperation with the traffic guards.
Students can save their precious lives if every college administration continues to monitor their adherence to road rules.
It is essential for the transport police and the public to protect such young people that the future of the country lies in the hands of the youth.
The camp was attended by assistant inspector Ravikumar, chief guards khandeban, Srinivasan and Thyagarajan.
Professor senak vibille lost his life and completed 42 years today.
The progress of the national drug policy has resulted in the loss of life of professor senak vibille and completion of 42 years.
He was marvelled at Guyana island.
He was the first professor in the field of medicine.
Professor senak vibille has served as the first bidder of the medical faculty at Peradeniya university.
She revealed matters relating to drug sales being fronted by the country's multinational companies and was under various pressure from these vendors.
The loss of the government by drugs imported to the country in various names is a godsend.
That's why he demonstrated to the government the need for national drug policy.
He worked to provide patients with a reasonable price and a high-quality supply of the 335 medications they need.
Because of this activity, he was subject to the zeal of the multifaceted companies.
The mystery of his death has not yet been revealed.
Prime minister Narendra modi did not pronounce any word on the issue of Jammu and Kashmir during his speech at the united nations today.
The 74th session of the united nations is now underway.
The prime minister, shri Narendra modi, today addressed the gathering on behalf of india.
During his speech, he called on the world to unite against terrorism.
He recalled that the lord of the heavens and the earth, and he said, "i will not be able to do that."
Modi expressed pride that india is playing a major role in the global warming issue, and india ’ s contribution to global warming is limited and the solution is greater.
The government of india is taking a proactive initiative to make it a plastic-free country.
He said that a massive health insurance scheme is being implemented in india.
Yum, yum, everyone is heard. modi spoke to the world at the un council in tamil.
But in his speech, he made no mention of any place, on the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
The central government is in firm conclusion that Jammu and Kashmir is india's domestic issue.
Political observers say modi has not spoken any word on Jammu and Kashmir, as Pakistan wants it to be an international issue.
With this, the world has been given the message that Kashmir is india's domestic issue.
A total of 2,993 tribes were enrolled in the literacy test in Kerala.
In this case, the 85-year old girl has also been excused.
According to the 2011 census, 93.91 percent of the population was literate in Kerala.
The government of Kerala is making efforts to make this 100 per cent.
For this reason, the state literacy commission was set up.
The commission runs classes and exams for people to be literate in every district.
Importantly, the commission is making serious efforts to give literacy to tribal, fishermen and displaced workers.
In this context, literacy classes have been conducted since february for people in tribal areas in vayanad district and recently selected.
The election was 100 marks; 30 marks for reading skills, 40 marks for writing skills and 30 marks for mathematical understanding.
It is imperative to get 30 marks for attainment in the election.
3,090 tribes from Wayanad district participated in the election.
Of those, 2,993 were proficient, according to the literacy commission.
Among them was an 85-year-old girl.
S Kannappan, director of school education, has ordered students studying in 27 government and state-aided schools to provide textbooks, notes books for the second season on Aug. 3.
In this regard, he has circulated to all district principal education officers and district education officers on Wednesday:
Government and government-aided schools have been given wilful note-books to all districts through dnpl.
Similarly, the second season has been sent through the tamil Nadu textbook society.
All district principal education officers must provide textbooks and notes to all government and government-aided schools in their district by 30th sep.
He also said that on the first day of the quarter holiday, students should be advised by all the headliners to provide not-for-second season texts on the first day of school.
