 Today is the day to know international information.
 In this regard, the Ministry of Mass Media has declared the month of Information.
 It will take place from 15th of this month to 15th of next month.
 A number of programmes will be implemented during this period to encourage them to work on the right to information.
 The Information Knowledge Act in Sri Lanka in 2016 will be passed in parliament.
 This has been a step towards further strengthening democracy.
 Currently, the law is ranked as the fourth law in the world.
 Plastic use has been banned at the BJP headquarters in Delhi.
 There has been a ban on single-use plastics such as water bottles.
 India is now preparing for the next election.
 Elections are due to take place in Maharashtra and Haryana on 21st next month.
 The results are due to be announced on 24th of the same month.
 All the parties are now actively preparing for this.
 At this point, a meeting of the Election Committee on behalf of the BJP was held in Delhi.
 Prime Minister Modi, BJP national leader Amit Shah and BJP national executive JP Nadda were also involved in the consultation.
 Prime Minister Modi was previously in consultation with the BJP's Electoral Committee in March.
 Then, in his Independence Day speech, he spoke of avoiding plastic.
 He called for the avoidance of single-use plastics.
 At this point, the BJP's head office has now banned plastics that can be used once in a while.
 Most importantly, all the bottles of water have been abandoned altogether.
 Water bottles have not been used in the BJP's remnants of today.
 Instead, the people who come there are given water in the Glass Jar.
 The move is said to have been taken following Prime Minister Modi's request.
 It is noteworthy that many of Netanyahu's supporters have praised and commented on the move.
 Gulalai Ismail is from Pakistan.
 As a social activist, he has been voicing his opposition to child marriage, violence against women, arrogance and repression since childhood.
 Khaber Bhagdunwa posted photos on social media of Pakistan's military's sexual harassment of tribal women and girls in some areas, including the province of Baluchistan.
 For this reason, the country's police are actively trying to arrest Gulalai after a "treasonous case" has been filed against him.
 But Gulalai Ismail escaped from Pakistan with the help of friends and relatives and settled in the United States.
 Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan addressed the United Nations Security Council in New York, U.S., the day before yesterday.
 "There are no militant organisations in Pakistan, so we all have to unite against terrorism," he said.
 Police are investigating the death of a young man, who used a cellphone as a prostitute, who was hit by electricity.
 Ramakrishnan is from Otala near Pallipalalam in the district of Uttar Pradesh.
 His son, Devendran, 27, is 27 years old.
 He was a Tower Manager at a prominent private cell phone company.
 Yesterday afternoon, Devendran set up a cellphone at his house and was looking at it.
 Suddenly, there was a battery and electricity fell on Devendran.
 He was seriously injured in the overthrow and was traumatised.
 The school's police arrived at the scene and interrogated them.
 Devendran's body was then sent to the school's state hospital for an autopsy.
 A complaint was filed at the school's police station.
 Police are investigating and are investigating.
 The incident has caused widespread distress in the area.
 The Supreme Court has categorically ruled that it will not give a date after October 18 to present arguments in the Ayodhya case.
 The Supreme Court is investigating appeals filed against the Allahabad High Court's ruling in the Ayodhya case.
 The hearing is being held on a daily basis since the 6th of last month in the Supreme Court.
 The court has instructed the defendants to conclude the arguments by October 18.
 The panel, chaired by Chief Justice Ranjan Gokai, is investigating the case.
 An additional one-hour hearing has been held since last Monday.
 During yesterday's argument, Islamist organisations objected to a 2003 report by the Archaeological Survey.
 Commenting on this, the judges said: "If there is any objection to the department's report, you may have raised it at Allahabad High Court.
 There you will get relief under the law.
 "We will not allow it to be raised here," they said.
 In the meantime, the Ayodhya case came back to trial today.
 Islamic organisations said they would apologise if the archaeological department had objected to the report and wasted court time.
 Islamic organizations have not lost the right to question the archaeological report.
 However, the judges said they could not assess the evidence after being accepted by the court.
 Judges reiterated that the Ayodhya case should be completed by October 18 and that Hindu and Muslim standards should specify the time to conclude their arguments.
 Prosecutors said they could not give a single day to present arguments after October 18 and would be better served if the case was adjourned in four weeks.
 With holidays coming in October, Hindu organizations said only one lawyer would be allowed to put forward reactions on the side.
 Uttarakhand BJP Chief Minister Trivendra Singh has neglected to say that if you increase the dose of fertilizer for dengue fever, nothing else will be done.
 About 4800 people in Uttarakhand have been diagnosed with dengue infections.
 Authorities have so far confirmed that 3,000 people have been killed in Dehradun, 1,100 in Hullwani and 1,100 in Dengue.
 Moreover, four of them have died in Dehradun and two in Haldwani.
 As of September 17, eight people had died, according to a State Health Department report.
 After all, Trivendra Singh has neglected to say that patients suffering from tuberculosis are going to be able to consume 650mm grams of tuberculosis in the state of Uttarakhand, in addition to 500mm grams of tuberculosis, and recover a little from a stroke.
 A mysterious explosion in a pooja room near Punjab has caused widespread casualties in the area.
 Govindraj, 45, was living in the downtown area next to Thiruvallur.
 She's not married to a common man.
 Siddiquity, Jodi and Yoga are well known.
 He was from Nangguru, Chennai, where he bought an acre here 15 years ago and dwelled alone.
 He was cultivating herbicides around the house.
 Lavanya, a young woman from Besant, Chennai, arrived at Govindraj's house last Saturday.
 Yesterday evening, Samiar Govindraj was poojaing in the puja room in the house.
 Suddenly, the mystery material exploded with a terrifying sound.
 Govindraj's body was burnt.
 He ran out of the house as he screamed.
 When Lavanya, who was in the neighbourhood room for a voice, came out, Govindraj was shocked to see her body was washed away.
 Govindraj, who suffered severe burns in his body, died at the scene.
 After the information was made public, Maput police rushed to Govindraj's body and sent him to the state hospital for an autopsy.
 When the mystery material exploded, Lavanya was lucky to escape because she was in a nearby room.
 What is the product of the explosion in the pooja room?
 I don't know if it's an explosion.
 Forensic expert Nalina and officers, led by Deputy Police Superintendent Harini, collected the forensic evidence at the scene.
 They have sent it for inspection.
 What is the meaning of the explosion in the pooja room only after its conclusion?
 Moreover, the pooja room is fractured with blood.
 Police suspect there is no chance of bloodshed during the fire.
 Govindraj has decided to conduct a further investigation into the body's diagnosis.
 The woman, who was staying with him, is also being questioned.
 An explosion of mysterious material in the pooja room has caused widespread casualties in the area.
 CBS Police are investigating the case of the NEET examination.
 Udith Surya, who was arrested the day before yesterday, and his father Venkateson were both questioned at the CBI's office.
 D South Regional Superintendent Vijayakumar and Deputy Superintendent Hartwyn Jagadish Kumar and Beyoncé CBIC inspector Siddhradevi were questioned and vindicated in a suitable manner.
 After completing the medical examination, Beyoncé appeared before magistrate judge Pannerselvam at 8.15pm last night.
 Actor Sasikumar's shooting... are the patients of a state hospital suffering from distress?
 All of the hospital's infectious patients were overwhelmed by the noise.
 Many were hunted down, including night-time doctors, nurses and staff.
 Inquiry found that all the ambulances were being used as a shotgun for a new film directed by Ponram, starring actor Sasikumar.
 Actor Sasikumar is said to have not received formal permission from the hospital for the shooting.
 Soon after, the public blocked the ambulances and took part in a debate with the crew.
 Police in Canavan, who knew this, rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning.
 But they said the crew had gone from there.
 We contacted the crew to elaborate on the incident.
 But it was not possible to communicate.
 The statue of Natarajar, who was rescued from Australia, was erected yesterday at Kallidukrishnam Kulasekar temple in the Sunshine.
 The temple is located in Thirunelveli district of Kallidikrishna, where the heroine Sameed Kulasekhar is grown up.
 Two-and-a-half-foot tall statue of Natarajar, Sivami Ambal, Manikavasakar and Sripalithan were looted in 1982 at the ancient temple.
 The statues were found at the Australian Museum.
 The statue was restored and brought to Tamil Nadu in a separate effort led by Pon Manikavel, Special Enforcement Officer of the statue hijacking unit.
 Kumbakam was brought to the grave yesterday morning after a court order.
 A statue of a police vehicle was greeted with stones and people greeted with famine.
 The statue was later placed in the temple of Kulasekharam.
 Specialist Pon Manikavel said: "We will soon discover three other statues, including the stolen Sivami Amballa.
 Those involved in the incident will soon be arrested, he said.
 CPSID police are arresting three other medical students and their father in connection with the NEET recruitment.
 Dr Venkateson, who works at Stanley Hospital, Chennai, and his father, Udithsurya, have been arrested over the issue of recruitment in the NEET examination.
 As they continue to be questioned, Dr Venkatesan was summoned yesterday.
 Meanwhile, CPSI police were conducting an intensive investigation into the manhunt.
 Three medical students from Kanchapuram were caught yesterday, and three more students have been arrested today.
 CPSID police are today arresting and questioning three men and their father, Abhirami, Praveen and Rahul from the medical colleges of Tamil Nadu.
 Six middlemen have been arrested in the case.
 The CPC is now said to have taken action on the basis of his testimony during an investigation by Uday Suryah's father.
 A number of shocking reports have been made in relation to the NEET recruitment process, according to the CPC.
 President Maithripala Sirisena said the emergence of a system of protest on the streets of the country by graduates from universities was due to the education system that withdrew from science, technology and research departments.
 Therefore, it is important to make the necessary fundamental changes in national education policy and introduce and implement new education systems in the developed countries of the world to the country, the president said.
 The president was speaking at the second stage of the 'Shilpa Sena' exhibition, which began at the Polonnaruwa Gallery National Stadium in the early hours of yesterday morning.
 The second phase of the Shilpa Sena Exhibition, which is being organized by the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, will be held from yesterday 29th to 29th at the Polonnaru Gallery National Stadium, with knowledge, innovation and various rejoicing events.
 The advancement of the world is through research and innovation in science and technology, the president added, and addressed the gathering.
 The president also explained the need for specialists in this field to focus on this era in which scientific, technological and research cooperation is increasingly needed to overcome the challenges faced by our countrymen due to climate change.
 The president said that the main challenge in the journey towards development as a nation is that the vast majority of people in the political sector and in the field of science, technology and research do not think about the country but think about themselves. The country's loss of educators in engineering, doctor and accountancy services is a major problem because academics who receive free education are not only thinking about the country, but also about themselves.
 The Shilpa Seena Exhibition, under the theme of 'A rich country with strong hands,' is mainly divided into five categories: entrepreneurship, industry, new products, blueprint and joyousness in the technology sector.
 STEM Education, Space Technology, Biotechnology, Robotics, Nanotechnology, Megadonics, New Strength, Blue Green Technology and 55G IOT have been organized to promote the knowledge of the field of modern science, technology and research in the field of technology.
 More than 250 innovations have been exhibited by innovators in this country in the new Products Unit of the Shilpa Sena Exhibition and the projects required for commercialization of their products have been implemented.
 Inaugurating the exhibition, the president visited it and interacted smoothly with the crew.
 Several officials, including the secretary of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, Thinkaka S. Lockheedge, were present on the occasion.
 The Dussehra festival was flagged off at the Kulasai Mutharaman temple.
 The annual Dussehra Festival at the Kulasekharpattinam Mutharaman temple near Tiruchendur in Tututu district became the world's most famous.
 Hundreds of thousands of devotees gather for the Dussehra festival in Kulchai after Dhasar's inauguration at Mysore Samundishwari Amman temple in India.
 It is the unique nature of the Mutharaman temple festival at Kulasekaran Battalion to pay tribute to the Amman by wearing various roles from the festivities.
 Even so, it's special to have 48 days of hard work done by the dancers.
 The Dussehra Festival of 2019 was flagged off this morning.
 The Dussehra festival takes 10 days.
 The main event of the Dussehra festival, Mahishaswattham, will take place on October 8.
 On that day, the night, the arrow rises on the beach of Kulasai, and she raises the glory.
 More than 6 lakh devotees are expected to visit Amman on the eve of the festival.
 It is a great privilege for the devotees to see Amma and her father as they sit down in the capital of Mutharaman with the wise-hearted.
 The unwavering belief of devotees is that Ambiguity Mutharaman, who can solve mental health issues, marriage freezes and childbirth barriers, is the unwavering hope of the devotees.
 Twenty people died in a powerful landslide in Indonesia on Thursday.
 The nation's National Disaster Rescue Agency and Rescue Force (NDRF) said:
 A powerful earthquake struck near the town of Ammon, in the Malayal Islands, at 8.45am on Thursday morning (local time).
 The earthquake was recorded as 6.5 units on the Richter scale.
 Several houses were demolished by the quake, and landslides took place in different places.
 Twenty-five people died in the incidents.
 They were trapped in building rubble and buried in a landslide.
 One of them, a woman, lost her life in a two-wheel drive to a high-rise area in fear of a tsunami and died as a result of a two-wheel drive.
 In addition, 100 people were injured as a result of the earthquake, and 2,000 were evacuated to safe areas, officials said.
 The city of Ammon, which is home to more than 4 million people, and surrounding areas, are reported to have been affected by the earthquake.
 The city's hospital was shaken by the earthquake, with patients and others hurriedly evacuated from the area.
 Since then, patients have been sheltered in a self-harm camp, according to reports.
 It is worth remembering that 4,300 people died as a result of last year's 7.5-magnitude earthquake in Indonesia.
 There has been a robbery attempt at the Ganjiburam ATM.
 After looking at the police, a three-member mysterious gang escaped on a motorbike.
 The State Bank of India ATM is located in the Velling Auditorium in Kanjipuram.
 Three mysterious men on a motorbike stopped the vehicle in front of the ATM at 3 p.m. and then saw the camera at the ATM gate.
 They then smashed the Spirit, which they brought on the camera.
 At the time, Ganjipuram Taluka Police Inspector Bhaskar, Safety Inspector Cell and police were patrolling the scene.
 When police heard Aaron's voice, three people on a motorbike picked up the vehicle and escaped.
 But Inspector Bhaskar chased them for a while.
 But he entered a market and fled.
 Kanchipuram Taluka police have filed a case and are searching for the mysterious men involved in the robbery at ATM.
 As police arrived on patrol, millions of dollars from ATMs escaped.
 Minister Selvur Raju has said that the Tamils should congratulate Prime Minister Modi for his speeches at the UN to highlight the pride of Tamils.
 As far as Co-operative Minister Selvur Raju is concerned, he will riot in his meetings with the AIADMK and ease the tension there.
 Even if he met with reporters, he would make his interview headlines and would make a forthright comment.
 In the meantime, at a United Nations meeting in the United States, Prime Minister Modi cited the outbursts of "Yaad and Ure," which he described as "Keep in mind."
 In the meantime, Tamils should thank and congratulate Prime Minister Modi for that and it is our duty to do so.
 He has also said that Prime Minister Modi has honoured Tamils among world leaders at the UN.
 He told reporters that he had flagged off new buses at Madurai's Arpalai bus station.
 Minister Selvur Raju's interview has made the BJP cynical.
 In the meantime, the rule of law is under way in Tamil Nadu, for example, the arrest of Jayagopal, the AIADMK's former councilor responsible for Subasri's death.
 Whoever makes a mistake, he promised that the AIADMK government would not hunt it down, and action would be taken without Thatcher.
 Tahil Ramani was the Chief Justice of the High Court in Chennai.
 After a year of appointing him as the Chief Justice, the Coroner's Committee recommended the Central Government to appoint another Chief Justice to Chennai.
 Accordingly, Meghalaya decided to appoint Dahil Ramani as the Chief Justice of the High Court.
 Judge Tahil Ramani refused to accept the transfer and appealed to Colonialism.
 But his request was rejected.
 Since then, he has given a letter of resignation.
 At this point, a lawsuit was filed against the transfer of Tahil Ramani.
 In the meantime, the central government announced that Tahil Ramani's resignation letter had been accepted.
 The case was dismissed.
 In the meantime, Tahil Ramani was present on behalf of Chennai's High Court Lawyers Association.
 The demonstration took place on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance, which denounced the Hindu Front's violent attitude towards the 28-year-old institutional attack and urged the police to take swift action.
 On the 5th of last year, more than 60 people violated and attacked the Hindu Front at a backlog at the Angaripalai Road in Tiruppur.
 The skull and company belongings that were attacked by the workers were also damaged.
 The police have done some good work on this.
 The 9th protest was announced on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance parties of Tamil Nadu, amid strong condemnation from industry, various political parties, activists and the general public over the incident.
 The complaint was filed with the district attorney and the Metropolitan Police Commissioner of Tiruppur, who refused permission.
 Protests were announced again on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance on 17 September at a consultative meeting that followed.
 The protest began at 11 p.m. in front of the Tamilnadu municipality on 17th in defiance of the ban as police refused permission for the demonstration, denouncing the "violence of the Hindu Front" and urging the police to take swift action.
 The demonstration was led by K Selvaraj, DM secretary for the Northern District of Tamil Nadu.
 CPP (M) State Council member K Kamaraj, CPP (M) Secretary S. Muthukannan of Tamil Nadu, CPP Secretary M Ravi of Tamil Nadu, Congress Party-based Ramasamy and Mathimu Sampath, all party administrators participated in the demonstration.
 Police were not allowed to demonstrate in the midst of the demonstration.
 The secular Progressive Alliance party said that on the 5th of last year, the Hindu Front in Tiruppur attacked and rioted the Bin Laden Foundation.
 We have formally asked for permission to conduct a demonstration to protest the incident, we have not allowed the police, we have filed a complaint with the ruler and the commissioner and since then, the demonstration has been held democratically in accordance with the importance of the demand because of the police's refusal to allow the demonstration.
 Police have also arrested some people in connection with the attack on the backlog.
 Police have called for swift action in the arrest of the Hindu front rowdy, who are still involved in the incident.
 In large numbers, more than 500 people, particularly women, took part in the demonstration and voiced their opposition to the violence, prompting police to retreat without arresting the demonstrators.
 There were loud rallies in the demonstration denouncing the attack on the backlog in Tiruppur by the Hindu Front and the religious-violence that has been established by the Hindu Front in various forms.
 If the song, conducted by the democratically controlled secular Progressive Alliance, created an awareness against violence among the people of Tamil Nadu, it would be no exaggeration!
 A fine of Rs.100 crores has been collected for OC travellers on the train.
 Railway police will file a lawsuit and impose fines on travellers without a travel ticket on the train.
 In that respect, the number of travelers without a passport has increased this year compared to last year.
 According to a Central Railway spokesperson, a total of Rs.87.98 crore had been collected from them and a total of 17.42 lakh cases had been recorded during the months April-September 2018 and a total of 19.15 lakh cases had been filed between April-September, 2018 and a fine of Rs.100.29 crore had been collected.
 Collectors showcased the Union Government Awards to the District of Punjab for excellence in health care and congratulated Chief Minister Narendra Modi on the excellent work done by the State Government.
 At a function in New Delhi yesterday, on behalf of the Ministry of Women and Child Development (MWD) of the Government of India, on 6.9. 2019, District Collector M. Asia Mariam and District Collector Maheshwari Ravikumar conveyed the best district award to the District for enhancing birth gender ratio for four consecutive years under the "Save the Children and Teach the Girls" Scheme and the best district award given to the District of Tamil Nadu for raising awareness of the scheme in a special manner.
 During the event, the Minister of Social Health and Nutrition, Dr. V. Saroja, Secretary General K. Shanmugam, Secretary, Department of Social Health and Nutrition, S. Madhumi, and Social Welfare Commissioner T.A. Prabhakam were present.
 "If I do, people will come forward." Speaking about the initiative, Ram Singh said, "People have been frustrated by the difficulties of buying vegetables in them, traffic congestion and environmental pollution.
 While many people complained about it, they didn't seem to realize that they were considering an alternative to it or that the solution was with themselves.
 The correct solution is that if I do what I believe, people will come forward to follow.
 So I and my wife walk about 10 kilometres a week and buy vegetables.
 It has now become a habit because it has been going on for six months.
 "I'm very satisfied with it right now," he said.
 'Many people said it was difficult to carry large quantities of vegetables and I recommended to them to take bamboo coats to fight the plastic threat.
 But they laughed at it.
 So I and my wife carried a bamboo basket and went to the market.
 That's why I knew it would be very helpful in many ways.
 Many young people these days are not healthy.
 I think they should start walking and control their food.
 I deeply believe that the paradigm can provide the best solutions to the new challenges of the modernized world.
 If one man manages paramount methods, he can be fully healthy," says the enthusiastic Pongkok, Ram Singh I.A.S.
 Cardiovascular surgeon Dr. G. Reddyu said cardiovascular diseases, including heart disease, are among the leading causes of death worldwide.
 World Heart Day is observed on September 29th every year.
 On behalf of Dr. G.S. Hart Foundation, an awareness programme called Cardiovascular Disease Control was held on 27.9.2019 in Thyagaragar, Chennai.
 Dr. G. Reddy, a top consultant and cardiologist at Apollo Hospital, presided over the event.
 Cinematographer Sivak Kumar, who attended the function as a special guest, accepted the pledge that everyone, including doctors, are heart-warming - heart-warming heroes.
 Subsequently, Sivak Kumar addressed the issue of healthy living.
 The head of the hospital, Dr. A. Muruganathan, received it.
 Speaking on the occasion, medical expert G. Cheng Kottu said:
 There are cardiovascular diseases, including heart attacks at the top of the world's leading causes of death.
 In India, cardiovascular diseases are increasing.
 Young people are also suffering from heart attacks.
 If we are aware and keep the body safe, we can prevent cardiovascular diseases by 80 percent.
 If the mother, father, grandfather and grandmother have cardiovascular diseases, we also have cardiovascular diseases.
 If we carry the lifestyle correctly, we can prevent cardiovascular diseases from coming to a certain place.
 It is possible to predict who will have a heart attack in the current modern medicine.
 If you're found at the beginning, you can prevent a heart attack.
 Even if there is a breach of heart disease, it can be healed quickly.
 He said so.
 The Election Commission has reduced Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh's disqualification period from six years to one month in a corruption case.
 This has eliminated the impasse in Tamang's standing in the general election.
 The Sikkim assembly elections were held with the Lok Sabha election.
 Sikkim Granthikari Morales won the election.
 The party's leader, Prem Singh Tamang, took over as the state's chief minister.
 But in a corruption case, Tamang was sentenced to a downward spiral in 2016.
 He was sentenced to life in prison because the Supreme Court confirmed this.
 The controversy erupted when Tamang was sworn in because he could not run for six years for a prison sentence in a corruption case.
 In the meantime, Tamang is contesting the assembly elections in Sikkim.
 Tamang Sikkim has been ruled by the BJP with the support of the BJP.
 In the meantime, Tamang sent a letter to the Election Commission calling for the lifting of the six-year ban on contesting the elections, pointing to various legal provisions.
 The Electoral Commission, which reviewed the letter, announced it would reduce the ban period for Tamang to one month.
 This does not prohibit Tamang from standing in the assembly midterm elections.
 The BJP can now start playing its politics in other states, including Tamil Nadu, using the concession given to Tamang.
 The Election Commission and the statements fulfilling the will of the BJP can be released in full swing.
 State doctor Venkatesan, the father of student Uday Surya, has been subpoenaed in the case of the NEET examination.
 Joseph, who was also a middleman in the case of recruitment, has been arrested in Kerala.
 It was discovered that Udith Surya, a student from the State Medical College, had participated in the NEET examination.
 Police subsequently filed a case against Udith Surya and his family.
 But Udith Suryah and his family fled and disappeared.
 Udith Surya also filed a petition in court demanding the exemption.
 In the meantime, Tamilnadu police arrested Udith Surya, who was hiding with his family in Tirupathi.
 Udith Surya's family were arrested and summoned to Beyoncé and interrogated for several hours.
 During the trial, Uday Surya's father, Dr. Venkateson, admitted that he had made a change to make his son a doctor.
 After Venkatesan's confession to the police, everyone appeared in court and was jailed.
 Udith Surya's father worked as a government doctor at Stanley Hospital in Chennai.
 Since he has now been arrested and jailed, the Tamilnadu govt has sabotaged Venkatesh.
 In addition, an intermediary, Joseph, was arrested in Kerala on the basis of Venkatesan's confession.
 He is due to be brought to Tamil Nadu for trial.
 Venkatesan, a doctor at Stanley State Hospital in Chennai, has been subpoenaed by Udith Surya's father in the case of NEET examination.
 Meanwhile, CPCI police held a hearing at the Need Examination Training Centre, run by intermediary Joseph, in Thiruvananthapuram today.
 Joseph is alleged to have committed massive recruitment fraud in the name of the NEET Training Centre.
 That's why Joseph Udith Surya's father, Dr. Venkatesan, has easily accessed Joseph.
 CPC police are also reviewing the documents at Joseph's training center.
 The elections will be held next month (October) for the vacant constituencies of Nanguneri and Wickiravandi in Tamil Nadu.
 The DMK is contesting the Wickremavandi seat, and the Nanguneri constituency has been given to the coalition party, the Congress.
 Last night, Mukul Vasnik, general secretary of the All India Congress Party and in charge of Tamil Nadu, announced the name of the running Congress candidate in the Nangarnari constituency.
 Rupi Manoharan, leader of the northern district of Kanchipuram, has been announced as the candidate.
 Rubi Manohar's home is Marayapuram near Marthandam in Kanyakumari district.
 He has served in the Indian Air Force for 15 years and has since run a construction company in Chennai.
 On the occasion of Periyar's 141st birthday, 535 Malaysian state Tamil schools were given a written reform book as a special event.
 The book "Periyar's Writing Reforms" was introduced by the Government of Pugitpurning and Mendakap Estate Government in Tamil schools.
 The book will also be sent in phases to 535 Tamil schools operating in Malaysia.
 In the first phase, the books were sent to 150 Tamil schoolgirls operating in Bagong state and Silangur state.
 More than 50,000 students are studying in these schools.
 It is also noteworthy that more than 7,000 Asirs are employed.
 The way of this book is a great opportunity for students and teachers who are studying here to learn the work done by Periyar in the Tamil language.
 Speaking on the occasion, M. Kovindaswamy addressed the publication of Dr. K. Veeramani's editorial on the occasion.
 During the event, Chinana was honoured with the Periyar Periyar Periyar Periyar Periyar Award.
 The poet and former head teacher of the Tamil school, Periyar Periyankar K.K. Raman, read poetry about Periyar.
 It is noteworthy that the poet Shanmugam of Taipei was also awarded the Rashtriya Pavilion Award.
 There are revolutionary movements before and after Bhagat Singh.
 But it is not just praise that Bhagat Singh and his comrades have given revolutionary movements and thereby a new dimension and clear ideology to Indian politics.
 We can see today that there is a consensus among the masses that the revolutionaries are just fools and stones that don't care about human lives.
 The Bahad Singh era reminds us of their humanity, their thoughtfulness and their ability to do so.
 In April 1929, after the Legislative Bombing, Bhagat Singh's name became widespread in India.
 Even in Tamil Nadu, it was introduced to the public in 1930.
 But within a year of making his debut, his reputation has rapidly spread to all corners of Tamil Nadu.
 This is the most amazing news in history, and the name of any leader born in the north, including Gandhi, has not spread in Tamil Nadu in such a short span of time.
 That's because of the father Periyar.
 The week after Bhagat Singh's death, an editorial was published in the Republican Weekly, titled Bhagat Singh.
 The editorial praised many of Bhagat Singh's characteristic interests and made some points about the political situation of the day.
 Some parts from the portal:-
 'In fact, if he had decided that Bhagat Singh ji was right about all his policies and had done the right thing, we would have said that if he had decided that the right way would have been the right way, he would certainly have done the right thing, and if he had not done that, he would not have been able to say that he was a man of yardstick.
 So now we will call him a real man.
 Our strongest aspiration is that India's devotion to devotion is in fact the policy of devotion.
 If Mr. Bhagat Singh had not been executed and survived, there would not have been any evidence that this victory would have been caused by so much popularity.
 And we will say that if it had not been for the execution of Bhagat Singh, Mahatma Gandhi would have been much more productive.
 Why should a mother be able to show the way of genuine equality and peace to the people of the world to the devotion of the people of India, who should have died of a disease or self-inflicted disease, be able to do so.
 We admire Bhagat Singh for his generosity, demeanour and handicraft, saying that it is a great achievement that no one else can achieve by ordinary means!
 In an editorial in the republican magazine, Father Periyar ji said.
 In the meantime, a policeman, Dennis Turner, who was in police custody at the school where the incident took place, has been arrested for kicking a teacher for kicking a girl who was holding her hand at the school.
 In addition, he tied the girl's hand with a plastic tablet and took her to the Juvenile Assessment Center in a police car, where a photo of a girl holding a plaque is taken as if it were being taken to the culprits.
 His handwritten copies have also been taken.
 The information was later communicated to the girl's family and she was handed over to her family.
 It is not known if he took another child to a police station.
 In an interview with the media, her grandmother Kirkland, who agreed to release the identity of the girl Kaya Rollins, said: 'My grandmother is suffering from the sleeping problem of 'Sleep Apnea' as a result of the medicines that consume it, so it's often fatal.
 I was very shocked when he said he had been arrested for that, and it's difficult to understand and explain to any 6-year-old child.
 In Uttar Pradesh, 73 people have died in four days due to rainfall, and in most districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh, the Bureau of Meteorological Response has issued weather alerts.
 Several areas have been flooded by heavy rains in Patna, the capital of Bihar, over the past four days, and rail and road traffic has been disrupted.
 Several trains were canceled this morning due to heavy rains in the states of Bihar.
 Yesterday, the Chief Minister of the state, Nitish Kumar, held an advisory meeting through video conferencing.
 All schools have been ordered to close until Tuesday.
 There have also been heavy rains in Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, where many people have died in rain-related incidents over the past few days.
 In Uttar Pradesh, it rained 3 percent more rain than normal on Friday.
 The eastern part of the state has been badly affected.
 Yesterday, 42.5 mph of rain fell in Prayagraj and 6.2 mph in Varanasi.
 This is much higher than the average rainfall this year.
 Yesterday 26 people died in various parts of Uttar Pradesh.
 In the previous two days, 47 people died.
 Lucknow, Amethi, Hardy and other districts have been flooded due to heavy rainfall.
 Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has ordered Collectors and Regional Commissioners of the District of Uttar Pradesh to take all necessary security and measures.
 Six people have died in the past two days due to rain in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh.
 Three students have died after a wall of a public school collapsed in Dobwa, in Udaipur, Rajasthan.
 Three people, including police constables, died in Madhya Pradesh on Friday.
 Their bodies were discovered a kilometre from the scene.
 On 24th, the World Atomic Energy Department's Standing Report was released.
 Michael Scheer is the chairman of the committee that produced the report.
 According to the study, the world's energy needs dropped from 17.46 percent in 1996 to 10.15 percent as of 2018.
 This decline shows that the world's attention goes beyond nuclear energy to renewable and long-term futuristic energy.
 With nuclear power behind bars, renewable energy such as solar energy, wind power, and hydroelectric power are growing globally.
 Each year, various agencies will jointly report on the status of the World Atomic Energy Agency.
 According to a report released this year, the world's nuclear sector is on the verge of collapse.
 The report notes that India's nuclear power sector is also in a very bad position.
 The Prime Minister of India conferred the Globe Couper Award on PM Modi for his excellent implementation of the Swachh Bharat Mission.
 In India, the Union Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Modi has been announcing and implementing the Swachh Bharat scheme.
 The scheme was introduced in 2014 on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi on 2-10-2014.
 The project aims at building toilets in homes, setting up public toilets and creating solid waste management.
 Under this scheme, more than 10 crore toilets have been constructed across the country.
 Rural health care has been brought in 98 per cent of villages.
 It was announced that Modi will be awarded the World Cup, the International Achievement Award, on behalf of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation of the United States, to congratulate him on the project.
 Prime Minister Modi, who has been on a tour of the United States, was awarded the Globe Globe Awards today.
 At a United Nations Security Council meeting in New York today, the world's richest man, Bill Gates, conferred the award on Modi.
 Speaking on the occasion, the award-winning Prime Minister said that Mahatma Gandhi's dream of cleanliness has now been fulfilled.
 Modi said that he has fulfilled the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and will present the award to crores of Indians who have made it part of their daily lives.
 The World Health Organization (WHO) said that 3 million people have been saved from various diseases due to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
 The Ministry of Health has announced that the current rainfall and floods are likely to lead to widespread hypertension of the NEHs.
 As a result, the Ministry of Health has advised them to avoid unnecessary descent into the water.
 The Ministry of Health said that the disasters caused by heavy rainfall in several districts have not been decreased, and the public is working with observance in this regard.
 Children and elderly people have been affected by floods and have increased their access to hospitals.
 Hemanta Herat, chief officer of the Health Ministry's Disaster Management Unit, has called on the affected people to pay more attention to health care.
 The Ministry of Education has issued a media statement on the holiday Level of Teachers Presidents.
 In a statement, the Ministry of Education said consultations and recommendations have been initiated to resolve pay disputes in the service of teachers and principals.
 The education ministry said the failure of teachers and principals based on their pay dispute to provide health care services to all employees of the government, including teachers and chancellors, was an injustice as it prepares to implement the recommendations of the Committee to eliminate public services' pay dispute from January 1 next year.
 Employees have the right to engage in trade union activities.
 Despite not being challenged, the ministry said that the opportunist activities of the trade unions, which are used as a strategy to deceive members, were not an acceptable function for an intelligent and honorable industry such as teachers' principals, pointing to their success as a result of their actions, despite knowing of the possible wage increase.
 Education Minister Lawyer Allvaraj told parliament last July that teachers and chancellors' salaries had been increased by a massive increase of 106 percent in the year 2015 as well as the increase in salaries by any government.
 The minister told parliament on June 7 that the Ministry of Education had submitted suggestions and recommendations to the Ranukhe committee on the pay dispute in general within the public service over the pay dispute between teachers and principals.
 Presidents' allowance has been increased from 650 rupees to 6,500 rupees.
 The promotion work, which has been delayed since the beginning of 2015, has now been formally carried out.
 The process for obtaining a pension has been prepared and implemented.
 About 6,000 people were joined in the service after a competitive examination was conducted to restore Presidential service from politics and address the shortcomings of Presidential standards in the service.
 In the last four-and-a-half years, measures such as the availability of training opportunities for teachers and principals abroad, and the incorporation of 25,000 people into the teaching service have been carried out in the short term.
 These are the objectives of human resource development in the education sector, the Ministry of Education said in a media statement today.
 A complaint was filed against the student Uthisuraya of Chennai, who participated in the NEET examination and won and joined the Bee Medical College.
 Since then, the case has been transferred to the CBI.
 Since then, Udithsuraya has vanished with her parents.
 In the meantime, separate police seized Uthis Surya and his father Venkatesan and mother Kayla in the Tirupati hillside earlier yesterday.
 The Goa court has filed charges against Gova state BJP MP Adnasio Mansarate on the basis of a complaint that Mair had sexually assaulted a woman.
 He was charged with raping a 16-year-old woman.
 Last year, police filed a 250-page indictment against him in North Goa District Court.
 The trial begins on October 17.
 Adnacio Panaji is an MP of the constituency.
 She was 55. The year 2016 when she was alleged to have been raped, the woman was 16.
 The woman accused him of drug-trafficking and selling himself to her mother, Adnacio, for 50 lakhs.
 Adnacio, who was arrested last year, is currently on bail.
 The Baku-occupied Kashmir has suffered the most damage due to an earthquake last evening that has centered on Pakistan.
 About 25 people have died there.
 More than 400 people were injured.
 At least 25 people, including women and children, were killed and another 400 were injured, many of them seriously, Pakistani officials said, as a result of a 5.8-magnitude earthquake in the Baku-occupied Kashmir area last evening.
 The US Geological Survey said the earthquake was centered on the border separating Punjab and Occupied Kashmir, 22.3 kilometres north of the Jelam River.
 The earthquake was centred around 10 kilometers long.
 It was felt in most parts of Punjab and in some parts of Khyber Bagdunkwa.
 Pakistan's chief meteorologist, Mohammad Riyaz, said, however, that "the worst impact is on Kashmir's [recovery] Meerpur district."
 Mirpur regional commissioner Mohammad Dayaf said it was the centre of an earthquake near the Jelam River, which devastated parts of Jatland and Kari Sharif in the middle of the country and damaged hundreds of homes, vehicles and other infrastructure.
 He said 12 people died on the way to the headquarters hospital in Mirpur, while 13 died in different villages between Jatland and Carrie Sharif.
 About 150 injured people are being treated at D.H.C. Hospital.
 Many were sent to Rawalpindi for treatment.
 In rural areas, the supply of mobile phones, telephone services and electricity was cut.
 As a result, people were unable to communicate or help their neighbours.
 Pathmanarajan has nominated an electoral officer to stand in the midterm elections in Nanguneri.
 Padmarajan, Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalitha, Karunan Karunanidhi and Rajasekhar Reddy of Veerakawalpudur village near Mottur in Salem district, contested the election.
 He ran against Abdul Kalam, Pranab Mukherjee and Ram Nath Kovind in the presidential election.
 He has spent 32 lakhs of his own money on deposits given during the election campaign.
 Don't think he's a rich man for that, he's a middle class man.
 In the meantime, he is standing in the midterm elections for the Nanguneri constituency and presented the nomination to Natasan, the election official, yesterday.
 He says he is contesting for the 206th time, and his aim is not to be successful, but to be a part of the Kinnock team.
 He says he's already featured in Limca's book, and if it's featured in the Guinness Book, I'll stop standing in the election.
 Padmarajan is one of the most successful candidates in India and has a record of losing.
 Vikram Lander has crashed on the moon's surface and NASA has released a photo evidence.
 The spacecraft Vikram Lander of 28 Chandra Yan-2 has been photographed by NASA's LROC Arbiter as it landed strongly in the South Pole of the Moon.
 The ISRO's Chandra Yan-2 landed on the South Pole of the Vikram Lander on 7th.
 But at the last minute, communication with it was cut off.
 Instead of landing the Vikram lander on the moon's surface at a rapid pace, it was thought to have been damaged and communication cut off.
 In this situation, NASA's LROC Orbiter passed through the South Pole of the Moon on 17th.
 At the time, Vikram's lunar landing took a very state-of-the-art picture of the outer space between the two munitions of Simpe Leys N and Mansinus C.
 In examining the footage, the Vikram lander landed strongly on the ground and was confirmed to be on the ground.
 That's why it has fallen from the landing site to the landing site a little bit.
 John Keller, deputy director of NASA's EROC project, said: "The LROC Arbor crossed the southern part of the moon on 17th.
 It has sent pictures of the evening in the darkness of the night.
 In examining it, it was revealed that Vikram landed strongly on the ground.
 However, Vikram has not been able to find the precise location where the lander landed.
 LROCER will go back to Tennessee on the 14th of next month.
 Since the light is good at the time, there's a lot of potential for Vikram to capture the lander," he said.
 The ideology of Prime Minister Modi and US President Trump is the same.
 Modi is campaigning in support of President Trump, who doesn't care about the economy.
 Sitharam Yechury, at a seminar in Puducherry, accused the federalism of being questionable under the rule of the central BJP.
 The seminar was held at the Puducherry Compan Gallery on behalf of the Marxist Communist Party on the theme of State Rights and Anti-Popular Bills.
 Sitharam Yechury, the all-Indian general secretary of the Communist Party of Marxist India, was present and addressed the gathering.
 Speaking at the seminar, he said that the BJP's campaign of One Nation, One Culture, One Election, One Education System has questioned India's diversity.
 If you reject the anti-democratic position of the government, you can be arrested as a patriot.
 The legislation has been enacted.
 He accused the BJP of human rights abuses in order to go to jail for allegedly being a terrorist or posting on social media, and now there is an economic crisis in the country.
 That's because people don't have the power to buy.
 But the government has donated 2 lakh crores of rupees to rich capitalists.
 He urged everyone to participate in the protest against this anti-people government from 10th to 16th October.
 Speaking on a regular basis, he said the prime minister is campaigning for Trump, not worrying about the nation, not worrying about the economy.
 When India came to propagate an actor from Bangladesh, the Indian government stopped it.
 But Modi has traveled to the United States to propose that Trump be re-elected.
 From this, Modi has confirmed that the ideology of both of them is the same.
 The federal doctrine under the rule of the central BJP is questionable.
 Sitharam Yechury accused the constitutional pledges of being destroyed.
 The seminar was attended by Balakrishnan, the secretary of the Communist Party of Tamil Nadu, Puducherry, the secretary of state, the kingdom and leading leaders of the Marxist Communist Party.
 The Minister for Agriculture, Village Economic Affairs, Animal Development, Irrigation and Maritime and Natural Resources, P. Horizon, said the compensation would be paid to all farmers who had registered in the Agriculture Insurance Council and had paid the insurance premium within two weeks.
 The Agriculture Insurance Council has been advised on this.
 Under this scheme, 3,000 farmers who have paid insurance premiums for Ampara, Monaragala and Ampara will be compensated for production damage.
 The Minister mentioned the issues during the interaction at the Ministry of Agriculture's Auditorium on Village Economics.
 The postal vote for the Elpitiya regional council elections, which will be held on 11 next month, will take place tomorrow.
 Mahinda Despriya, chairman of the Electoral Dam Committee, said that those who cannot vote tomorrow will have the opportunity to vote on 4th of next month.
 This has been facilitated by the Galle District Elections Office.
 For postal voting, the National Identity Card or Electoral Commission should be taken up with the identification card approved by the postal vote.
 Two libraries, one library opened on Periyar's birthday in Malaysia
 Baghong State, Mendagab Estate:
 About 100 students are studying at this Tamil school, which was set up in 1928.
 The Periyar Library was inaugurated here in 179-2019 by Govindaswamy, the chairman of the Estate Administrators (Shaba) and the Dravida Mission worker.
 This event was presided over by the school's chief blessings, Uma.
 Members of the Board of Governors of the School, Parents Teachers Association, Teachers Students and Periyar Periyar volunteers Aoun, Raman and Chinana Aki Yor participated in the function.
 Students were given a taste of water and fruits.
 Periyar's books were donated to the school's teachers and students.
 The Bukitraj Estate, Killan City:
 About 160 students are studying at the Tamil school here.
 The Periyar Maidan was set up here.
 About 500 books were distributed to the center.
 The function was attended by Mallika Palaniyanandi, who led the school's chief teacher.
 Periyar Volunteers and comrades of the Confederation of Tamil Nadu participated in the celebrations.
 Students were given a taste drink.
 Teachers were donated to Periyar's books.
 Gatong Estate, Banding City:
 The Tamil school employs about 100 students and 15 teachers.
 Ms Kanagam, the school's vice-chancellor, took the lead in the event.
 The Periyar Library, where more than 400 books were donated, was opened on 23.9.19.
 The students were given a taste of water.
 Periyar's books were distributed as a gift to the Asirs.
 All the above programmes were performed in accordance with the arrangement of M. Govindasamy.
 It is noteworthy that the three schools featured speeches about his work on Periyar.
 It is noteworthy that the success of Dr. K. Veeramani, the President of Tamil Nadu, has been explained in all the programmes about the work of bigotry.
 Left-wing coalition candidate Mani C. Kapan won Kerala's Palm Assembly seat in the midterm elections.
 KM Mani was part of the Congress coalition even though he split from Congress and started a separate party.
 KM Mani was a political leader who did not lose the election in Kerala's political history.
 KM Mani, the Union Minister and Minister of various sectors of Kerala, died of illness in April last year.
 So, the midterm elections were announced to the Pala Legislative Assembly constituency.
 The election for the area was held on 23rd last year.
 In this volume, left-wing candidates Mani C. Kagan, Congress Coalition candidate Joseph Tom Pulikannel and BJP candidate Kotamai Hari were contesting.
 The votes cast in the election were counted this morning.
 Left-wing candidate Mani C. Gabbana won 54,137 votes.
 The Congressional Coalition candidate who contested him received 51,194 votes.
 Left-wing candidate Mani C. Gabbana won by 2,943 votes.
 Kottam Hari, who ran as the BJP's candidate, received 18,044 votes.
 The BJP received 24,821 votes in the same constituency in the 2016 election.
 The BJP lost 6,000 votes in the current midterm elections.
 For the past 54 years, the Congress coalition has dominated the Pala constituency.
 Now the left has brought this dominance to an end.
 Due to the heavy rainfall in the coastal areas in the southwest of the country, heavy rainfall is likely in the coastal areas from Batticaloa to Madhya Pradesh through general to Madhya Pradesh.
 From the Congolese coast to Trincomalee to the coast of Batticaloa, there is likely to be mild rain or thunderstorms in the coastal areas along the coast of Batticaloa.
 Other maritime areas around the country are likely to be rained in the evening or at night with heavy rains or thunderstorms.
 Winds are blowing southwest in the country's oceans, and wind speed is predicted to be between 10 and 30 kilometers per hour.
 During heavy rainfall, temporary wind speed in these areas could reach 70 to 80 kilometers per hour.
 In such instances, the sea will be temporarily volatile, according to weather data released by the Department of Meteorology today.
 At a meeting in New York City, the Prime Minister urged India to be a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi has visited the United States for seven days on a state visit.
 Prime Minister Modi will address the annual General Assembly meeting at the UN tomorrow.
 He has been participating in various programmes and meeting world leaders for this.
 As part of that, U.S. President Trump met at a Houthi Modi event in Houston.
 The two leaders discussed a range of issues, including bilateral relations, industry, trade, security, global issues, Kashmir issues, and so on.
 This was followed by a number of CEOs from US companies attending yesterday's Bloomberg World Business Forum in New York City.
 Speaking on the occasion, Prime Minister Modi said:
 Today, it is a challenge for India to use nuclear energy to produce fuel.
 This is because India is not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
 If India gets that opportunity, it will be a precedent for the world.
 The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, spoke.
 The Nuclear Suppliers Group controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
 India has continued to take a number of steps as a member of this group.
 While the US and other countries supported India's visit, China opposed India's signing of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
 However, in March, the U.S. announced that six companies would build nuclear power reactors in India.
 The old man's remains have been found near the school.
 Electricity workers pitted the batteries yesterday afternoon (Sep. 26) in Bharathiagar, Kokkayanpet near Pallipalalam in the district of Kerala.
 There was a drink in it.
 When the pit continued to pile up, it became known that it was old-fashioned.
 It was discovered that there were bones inside.
 Accidentally, Revenue Service went to the scene and collected bones in the bunker.
 He said: "It has set up Kokarayanpet in the Ardoram.
 So if the archaeologists analyze, they can find many more historical symbols," he said.
 The All India Technical Education Council (AIITE), a top body for technical education, has been working to revive and develop the curriculum for engineering education in a time bound manner.
 Higher Educational Institutions for Engineering Education are following the ASATEE designation curriculum.
 The university administration designs a curriculum for colleges affiliated to Anna University.
 According to the guidance issued by the ASA in June 2019, students who joined this year's engineering education had to choose 3 of the 32 non-school subjects in the 3rd, 4th and 5th Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh Seventh.
 The list consists of 32 subjects in the society including technical education, values and charity, charity and good lifestyle, photography, video and documentation.
 Students from four colleges - Cale of Engineering Kindle, Sculpture of Arctic and Planning, Azhagappa Gallery of Engineering, and Metros Institute of Teaching in Croydon - chose subject-wise courses in the first year of their courses.
 B. Tech (Information Technology) students chose philosophical courses in a total of 12 subjects.
 In the 5th Unit of the Philosophical Curriculum, which is said in the poem about the sensation of our energy, Lord Krishna's teachings to Arjun to keep the mind under control are the lessons of the Bhagwad Gita.
 In the meantime, there has been fierce opposition in Tamil Nadu to Anna Palli Arts Institute's sudden introduction of the Bhagwad Gita as a lesson.
 Leaders, academics, student organizations and writers, including DMK leader General M.K. Stalin, have protested that this is against secularism and whether to include religious subjects in a religious curriculum in a secular country.
 In the meantime, there will be a protest on behalf of the DM student team near Anna University on October 1, protesting against the sudden introduction of the Bhagwad Gita.
 Their aim is to embrace all peoples with equal status.
 Housing Building Culture Minister Sajid Premadas said his aim was to embrace all peoples with equal status without race, religion or party prejudices.
 During a press conference in Colombo yesterday.
 On this basis, he said, the declaration of a democratic policy that would bring pride to the motherland will be released soon.
 There is no opposition to strengthening executive power.
 No relatives have worked in his ministry or institutions under it, he said.
 Minister Sajid Premadasa said those involved in the corruption scandal would not be linked to the presidential campaign or political journey.
 The DM leadership has sent 68 MLAs to the field for the Wickremavandi constituency midterm election.
 The elections will take place on October 21 in both Wickremavandi and Nanguneri.
 In Vikramvandi, the DM and Congress are contesting against the DMK and the DMK.
 Since the AIADMK will give a dip in the Wikravandi constituency, it is reported that DMK leader Stalin has consulted with the district secretary Ponmoon and has set up a series of surprises.
 The number of DM legislators is 100 and the DM leadership has appointed 68 MLAs as Vikramvandi's chief of staff for the general election.
 Stalin has exempt only 32 MLAs from the southern districts.
 That's why he has called on the Congress to stand up for the Nanguneri constituency.
 Golden Jubilee has also been appointed as chairman of the Wickremandi Election Responsibility Committee, and Jagrathakaran M.P. as secretary.
 A. Angie, Salem Selva, A.K.S. Vijayan and others have been appointed.
 Moreover, 10 MPs have also been deployed in the midterm elections.
 During the separate election to Vellore constituency alone after the parliamentary elections, none of the MPs were involved in the DMK's leadership election.
 Stalin said, look at your work as usual at them.
 Now they have been given a wave.
 The CBI raids the home of a former police commissioner in Bengaluru.
 The CBI is conducting raids on the former police commissioner's house in Bengaluru over the phone hacking of political figures.
 In Karnataka, the Bharatiya Janata regime was formed after Kumaraswamy-led government collapsed.
 He was sworn in as the Chief Minister of Ethiopia.
 At this point, Bhaskar Rao, who was appointed as the police commissioner in Bengaluru, made a mockery of the audio conversation in which he held talks with a party chief for the post of commissioner.
 The Bharatiya Janata complained that Kumaraswamy's rule had been telephoned.
 The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Co-ordinator of the coalition government, Siddaramaiah, his aides and some leaders of the secular Janata Dal (JJD) party, MLAs and top officials, continued to complain about the phone calls of a total of 300 people.
 The party leaders urged action to be taken to conduct a proper investigation into the matter.
 Several senior Congress leaders, including Mallikarjuna Kargay, Siddaramaiah and former police minister M.P. Patel, also called for an investigation.
 Explaining the matter, Kumaraswamy said he had not heard anyone's phone, and that the complaint was untrue, and was ready for any investigation.
 In Karnataka politics, this phone-hacking affair sparked a major storm.
 Chief Minister Edithurappa recommended a CBI investigation into the matter at this stage.
 The CBI is filing a lawsuit and is conducting an investigation.
 Today, CBI officers raided the home of former police commissioner Alakumar in Bengaluru.
 The raid comes on the heels of reports that he was storing information about the phone hacking of political figures at a Pentagon briefing.
 Only after the test is completed will it be known whether the Bendrix was caught or not.
 The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today delivered a speech on behalf of India at the United Nations General Assembly.
 He was vocal against terrorism at the time.
 In his speech, he recalled that India was the land of Buddha, Vivekanand and Gnanjin Pongunar.
 Modi said: "Our country is not at war, it has given the world the message of peace of Buddha.
 That's why we've always been voicing our opposition to terrorism.
 We warn the world not to be caught in the grip of a monster of terrorism.
 The best poet who lived in India 3,000 years ago has singled out in the ancient Tamil language of the world, "Yaadum Ure, Yaadum Yaadum Yaadum Yadum Yadum Yadum Yadum Yadum Yadum Ya Yaalum."
 This means we own all the space.
 All of us are our relatives.
 This is India's uniqueity.
 We don't see terrorism as a challenge, not just to India.
 We see it as an act against the whole world and human beings.
 So the whole world must mobilise against terrorism.
 125 years ago, the great spiritual guru Swami Vivekananda gave this message to the world during the Global Religious Convention in Chicago.
 This is what the message is: "We need harmony and peace.
 And there are no differences of opinion and opinion.
 Today, on behalf of one of the world's largest democracies, I say the same thing.
 Only 'goodness and peace' is the message we give to the world.'
 This is what Modi said in his speech.
 Sajid Premadasa will stand as Ranil's United National Party candidate in the Sri Lankan presidential election.
 Sri Lanka's presidential election takes place on November 16.
 Gotabaya Rajapaksa is standing as the candidate of Mahinda Rajapaksa's Sri Lanka Peoples Peoples Peoples Peoples Alliance in the election.
 The parties, including the JVP, have also announced candidates.
 The confusion continued over who was the candidate of Prime Minister Ranil's United National Party.
 For Ranil, it was said he wanted to contest the presidential election.
 Similarly, it was reported that President Maithripala Sirisena was also trying to become a public servant.
 His hope is that if Ranil is contested, the Tamil vote can be cast.
 Sirisena's reckoning is that if he sends Ranel to jail without competing, he can easily win.
 But these two things have not been accomplished.
 Now he is being promoted as the Sajid Premadasa candidate of the United National Party.
 Sajid is the son of former President Premadasa.
 Sajid has come forward as a presidential candidate to unite his supporters and demonstrate his strength.
 Speaking at a huge public meeting yesterday in Matugama, Kalutara, Sajidi said, "I am not a presidential candidate in accordance with anyone's conditions.
 "I have a sense of self-respect," Ranil said, indiscriminately.
 Former minister and legislator E. Velu said there was a risk to Father Periyar's reservation in Tamil Nadu.
 On Thursday, the birth anniversary of father Periyar and great-grandfather Anna at the Sutton Divya Educational Centre was flagged off.
 P Selvarasan, a stalwart of Divya Educational Institutions, was presided over by P. Selvarasan.
 Speaking to the students, former minister E.V. Velu, as a special guest, said:
 Many monarchs, including Cheran, Chola, Pandian, Shulakrishna and Krishna Deva Rai, did not tell women to study in Aad Sik.
 But it is Periyar who has worked to educate women, improve their livelihood, and give equal rights to property.
 Anna was a scholar who worked on it.
 In that way, women's reservation under DMK's leadership, equal rights in property, equal education and meritocracy were all in place.
 Father Periyar was responsible for all these things.
 There is a danger to Father Periyar's policy at this time.
 Today, we have been deceived in the name of NEET, as we are creating many doctors based on merit through equitable education.
 Educational Institutions Secretary Senthil Kumar, Vice President Pravenkumar and Administrative Advisor Mathana Pra Veenkumar were also present at the event.
 Polore constituency MP KV Shekharan, former legislators Rajendran, Bandarangan, Saval Bhundy Sundareson, Sutton and Murugi Aki Yor, DM City Secretary, addressed the gathering.
 The Chief Minister of the Polytechnic College, Murugan, thanked him.
 The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Institute held a series of competitions for students at the World Tourism Day celebrations at the Tamil Nadu Hotel in Madurai.
 The hotel's co-workers had prepared and displayed 101 meals together.
 Smaller foods, Madurai regional foods, varieties of soybeans, pipes, joint packaging, cereals, sweets, etc.
 North-east and foreign cuisine were also prepared.
 They said all kinds of food available in the first five-star hotels will be available at the Tamil Nadu Hotel.
 The Enterprises and Seek Foundation held a one-day employment camp at Jerusalem College, in the school district of Chennai.
 More than 26 banks and non-bank financial institutions participated.
 More than 7,000 youth and student students participated.
 Balaji, managing director of Enterprise Broadcasting, said he was proud of the bankers who participated in the event that more than 1,500 young people had the opportunity to get jobs.
 We arranged this camp for the benefit of unemployed graduates and students.
 In other words, we have run free of any money from students or institutions.
 "Our goal is to continue to run such a job camp in different places and create an unemployed society," he said.
 A 5th phase review is underway on behalf of the Tamilnadu Department of Archaeology at the bottom of the Sivaji district near Madurai.
 Starting on 13th June, it was supposed to be completed on 30th September, and now it is due to be reviewed for 15 days.
 In the meantime, the public and archaeologists and students are visiting from various places in Tamil Nadu at the bottom of the observance.
 Minister Mafia Pandiarajan said the museum would be set up to document the archaeological evidence found at the bottom.
 Initially, he said, it would be a mix of 1 crore rupees.
 The United States has urged India to take swift action to ease restrictions on Jammu and Kashmir and release all detainees.
 Speaking at the 74th meeting of the United Nations, Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs, Alice Wells said:
 It is worrying that a large number of people have been detained in the Jammu and Kashmir valley.
 The Government of India should initiate political activities in the state.
 We have to hold elections as quickly as we have already promised.
 We need to relax restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and free the detainees.
 Alice Wells urged the Government of India to speed up the process.
 Earlier, there was a report that U.S. President Donald Trump wanted to mediate on the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
 This was strongly opposed by the Indian side.
 The United States later withdrew its point of view.
 Following this, Prime Minister Modi visited the United States to attend the United Nations General Assembly meeting.
 First, Modi and Donald Trump participated in the Houthi Modi event in Houston.
 The two then participated in a series of events.
 At the time, Trump praised India's father as Prime Minister Modi.
 In the meantime, the US is now putting pressure on India on Kashmir.
 The AAI Council has decided to increase fees by 10 times in all India's tech educational institutions.
 The AIIT Institute of Technology (AIIIT) has played a key role in shaping skilled students across India.
 The AIIT Council Silver Meeting, chaired by Union Minister Ramesh Boghry, was held on 28.9. 2019 by 23 AIIT Educational Institutions, which are functioning under the Ministry of Human Resource Development of the Government of India.
 The decision taken at the meeting shocked students and the public.
 M.T. has been decided to increase tuition fees by 10 times in AAI institutions.
 In all AIIs in India, only Rs. 20,000 to Rs. 50,000 per Seymour is being collected on the basis of education fees.
 At this point, the fee has now been raised to 2 lakh rupees per year.
 Of the 12 Ai Ram students who have been studying for the first year of the 2019-2020 academic year, 9,280 are eligible for scholarships. M Tech has also decided to cut the monthly scholarships to 12,400 rupees.
 Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, Karakpur, Kanpur, Rurgei and Guwahati will reduce the central government's funding to AIITs.
 The federal government has raised the cost of collecting the funds from students in order to tackle the reduction in funding.
 In addition, it is said that the Ministry has instructed them to take up development work, borrow money from the bank and get payment from the corporations, in order to keep the amount available through the construction work done by their respective technical institutes.
 Since coming to power, the BJP has been preventing access to education for the common man as much as possible, cutting funding for primary education in the 2015 budget, followed by a drastic reduction in funding for education during every budgetary year.
 This was followed by a continuation of the launch of large-scale educational institutions in order to provide more facilities to private educational institutions.
 At this point, the new education policy has imposed a series of rules that allow educational institutions to operate financially in private companies without giving any significance to the state educational institutions.
 This means that only those who are comfortable will be able to study from basic education to higher education and bring India's prosperous future back centuries as an illiterate country.
 Kalambar Sankar Subramaniam, editor of Arts magazine, received a copy of Ranu's book "Collective Art," which was obtained by a former IAS officer, Kalur Sundarapandian.
 The release of the late "Cartoonist" Ranu, written by SK Ramanujam, was held at the Russian Cultural Centre in Chennai on Sunday.
 The ceremony was presided over by P. Thangappan, secretary of the Indian-Russian Chamber of Commerce.
 At the event, Arts magazine Editor Udambur Sankar Subramaniam released the first book, received by R. Kalur Sundar Pandian, a former IAS officer and head of the Siddhar Research Centre.
 Prasadur Sundarapandian, who was a special guest at the event, said:
 Ramanujam, the late Khartoumist Ranu, was one of the best of cartoon painters.
 Ranu Khartoum has created a lot of students through the Research and Educational Foundation.
 In general, even one who is celebrated by the world is not celebrated by the family.
 Instead, it is a matter of pride that Khartoumist Ranu, after his death, has brought out a book he has written to the family.
 He said that even if Ranu had been absent, he would have lived through his works and this book for a long time.
 S.K. Ramanujam was one of India's leading cartoons when he spoke to obambur Sankar Subramaniam.
 He was traveling all over the world and training cartoons.
 He was an innovator in the creation of a cartoon.
 Ranu was an expert not only in painting, but also in Khartoum and animation.
 For the past 30 years, he has undertaken a cartoon art study in accordance with the Indian environment.
 He said he would live a long life through the students created by him and through his writings and cartoons.
 R Bhopathy, co-founder of the Ranu Cardoon Research and Education Foundation, thanked him.
 Goodambambi, TV executive C. Perera and others participated.
 The DM has questioned Chief Minister Narendra Modi about how many barricades have been constructed in the last eight years of the AIADMK regime.
 In a statement, the party's Treasurer Thurirumurugan criticised the CM for spying without any details of the public service.
 DM Treasurer Durumurugan said in a statement that the water that is being opened at the Kaveri is in vain because of the DMK government's disinterest - and the lack of administrative capacity.
 Our leader, M.K. Stalin, expressed his concern that the U.K. government had no concrete plan to prevent it from passing through the Caucasus and that he was responsible for being the opposition leader of the Tamil Nadu legislature.
 When he thought he was answering the Chief Minister, he said, "DMK, who is criticising us, has built a detention centre in the Kaveri under their rule?"
 "What I want to tell him is that under the DMK regime, we have constructed a barricade in Mayanur in Kaveri.
 Without even knowing the details, will Chief Minister Edmund Palanichami, who also holds the public service department in charge, speak out against the truth?
 The bar, which was built in Mayanur, increased the earth's water resources in the area.
 So agriculture flourished.
 So today, thousands of people in that region's farmer population can be seen thanking the Corporate Government for ever and ever.
 The barricade was built by the Corporation Government in Mayanur as required in that time frame.
 At the time, there was no need to build more barriers.
 Had it been necessary, the then Chief Minister, Kalaignar Ji would have immediately given permission, allocated funds and stepped up the work.
 Therefore, it is not easy for God to blame the Corporate Government for the welfare of the Kaveri.
 I ask, how many barricades have you built in Ghairi in the last eight years when the DMK regime is taking place?
 Another question is, we have built more than 40 dams in Tamil Nadu during the DM regimes.
 Can you point to at least one dam, the dam constructed in the DMK regimes, that has happened so far?
 Don't lie.
 If the opposition leader has any answers to their accusation - tell the sources that we are either building a barrier or planning to build a wall in other places.
 In addition to that, I am obliged to point out that the detention under the DMK regime has not been constructed, that it may be fair for individual Goddess, and that it is not a civilised act, nor a beauty," Durumurugan said.
 The State Bank of India has decided to set interest on Rupee basis from 1st October.
 Keeping in mind the country's economic growth, the Reserve Bank has so far cut short-term credit interest (record) by 1.1 percent in four consecutive instalments.
 However, there is an indictment that banks don't even offer half of the benefits to customers.
 Currently, banks are setting interest rates in the MCLR system.
 Since 1st October, the Reserve Bank has ordered the implementation of interest rates on the basis of the Government's short-term credit issuance Treasury Bill and Rupee interest rates.
 Accordingly, the State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to fix home, auto loans and MSME loans by measuring the MCLR ratio from 1st October.
 The Ceylon Administrative Services Union has decided to suspend its union operations temporarily.
 Union leader Prabhat Chandrakhetti said the decision was due to hold discussions with the Cabinet Subcommittee tomorrow and work to take over applications for the presidential election postal vote.
 He expressed confidence that administrative services, including the Department of Administrative Affairs, Department of Immigration, Department of Immigration, Department of Motor Vehicles and the Department of Motor Vehicle Transportation, would be routine.
 Pratad Chandrakirthy added that the Public Administration Service Association expects to have a positive outcome in relation to its pay dispute at a cabinet meeting on Tuesday and discussions with the Cabinet subcommittee tomorrow.
 Today is the Cricket World Cup between Pakistan and Pakistan.
 The first match of the one-day series between the Sri Lankan and Pakistani cricket teams begins today in Karachi.
 The match will begin at 3.30pm in Sri Lanka.
 A rivalry between the two countries is currently taking place in Pakistan 10 years later.
 Sri Lankan team manager Asantha Temel said she was satisfied with the security provided to the Sri Lankan team in Pakistan.
 He said the security or equivalent security provided to the Sri Lankan cricket team by the head of state has been given to the Sri Lankan cricket team.
 The one-day internationals between the Sri Lankan team and Pakistan will be held three and three R-20 matches.
 Michael Kawab and Joelson have been appointed by the International Cricket Federation as mediators in a one-day tournament.
 There was a technical disorder on the Malaysia-bound flight, which was detected when it went on the runway.
 Since then, the plane has been suspended and 174 passengers have survived.
 The Malindo flight from the Malaysian capital, Kuala Lumpur, arrives daily at 10.35pm.
 It then departs from Tiruchi to Kuala Lumpur at 11.25pm.
 As usual, the plane arrived in Trichy the night before yesterday.
 The plane then departed from Tiruchi to Kuala Lumpur with passengers.
 There were 174 passengers on the plane.
 When the pilot went to the runway, the pilot found a technical disorder in the pilot's laptop.
 He then parked the plane on the runway.
 The plane was later transported to the airport where it had departed.
 Engineers were in the process of correcting technological disorders.
 So the passengers sat on the plane for two hours.
 However, due to the lack of technology, all passengers were airlifted from the plane.
 Since then, 138 passengers have been housed in a private hostel.
 Other passengers returned to their homes after adjusting their flight dates and cancelling flights.
 If we had gone out with technical disorders in this incident, we could have suffered a plane crash.
 However, the pilot did not leave the plane because the technical malfunction was detected at the right time.
 It is noteworthy that 174 passengers have also survived.
 In the meantime, the technical disrupting of the plane was corrected.
 The plane, with 138 passengers, departed to Kuala Lumpur at 5 p.m. yesterday.
 More than 5,000 people have been infected so far across the country with dengue fever spread by 'Aids' types of microbes in India, according to the Indian Department of Health.
 More than a thousand people have so far been affected by dengue fever in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
 Dengue fever is spreading rapidly in Tamil Nadu and New Seychelles.
 A 12-year-old girl in Chennai and a student in Krishnakiri died the day before yesterday, according to an Indian media report.
 A total of 135 people are being admitted and treated at Chennai's government hospitals.
 Over the past few days, there have been rains in various places in Tamil Nadu.
 Since then, special committees have been set up on behalf of the municipal administration and health department across Tamil Nadu and the dengue fever operations have been monitored.
 The country's health ministry has also advised those affected by dengue fever to get treatment in government hospitals.
 The extension of Aadhaar Connectivity with BAN will be up to 31 December.
 The period for linking Aadhaar number with Permanent Income Tax Account number (PAN) has been extended to 31st December.
 This is the seventh time that the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CIPD) has extended the time for the BAN-Aadhar merger.
 Already, the Union Government extended the period for six months from 31st March to 30th September.
 The extension has now been extended for another three months.
 The Indigenous Identity Authority of India (UAAA) provides a twelve-digit number number of Aadhaar number for every citizen of India.
 The Department of Income Tax provides an identification number and writedown number to the individual and company of Income Tax Payer (Income Tax) with number and number of No. 10 of Income Tax Account (BAN).
 The Board of Direct Taxes was notified on 1st July 2017 that Aadhaar should be linked to the Income Tax number.
 Since then, the time for the Aadhaar-Ban merger has been extended several times.
 In the meantime, the Supreme Court ruled in September last year that the Aadhaar scheme would go into law, after a case against Aadhaar's issuance of Aadhaar cards to citizens.
 The Supreme Court also ruled that Aadhaar number should be mandated to pay income tax.
 In the meantime, when filing the Income Tax Account, Aadhaar number instead of BAN number was announced in the Central Public Budget on 5th July last year.
 DMK Chairman MK Stalin visited the underground review sites that showcased the Vaikkai coastal Tamil culture in person today.
 The results of the observations revealed that the Tamils who lived their lives with blood and flesh, not fiction, are the people of the society's time literature.
 The civilization of the city on the banks of the river Ganga began in the 6th century of Kyrgyzstan.
 But the observational evidence has scientifically demonstrated that Tamils lived in the peak city life in the 6th century, along the south of the Vaigai River, and Tamils lived a very prosperous life as the best in literate knowledge.
 The following review results have created a situation in which the history of the Indian subcontinent has been revised.
 A large number of the public are visiting the underground review site, which will give every Tamil a sense of pride.
 Recently, we visited the DPP's chief coordinator, Seeman, at the bottom of the review.
 Following him today, DMK leader M.K. Stalin visited the underground and visited the review sites.
 A number of CPM M.B.S. Venkateson and DM's leading executives went along with him.
 In this context, Stalin posted a video on his Twitter account entitled 'When I visited the underground land that inspired the world of Tamil civilization more than 2600 years ago.'
 Trump demanded an investigation from Ukraine's president!
 The White House has confirmed that it is true that Donald Trump has telephoned the Ukrainian president to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden, who is likely to run for the Democratic presidential nomination.
 Thus, an impeachment motion has been proposed against Trump in the House of Representatives on behalf of the Democratic Party, claiming that it was wrong to pressure other countries to investigate the US president.
 Six committees have been set up on the orders of Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy and an investigation into the President's actions has begun.
 At this point, Trump spoke to Ukrainian President Voltaire Zelinsky by telephone on 25 July, so investigate," Trump said at the time.
 Yesterday, the White House officially released a statement about what the two presidents were talking about.
 So it has been acknowledged that what happened in the conversation is true.
 At the same time, speaking to reporters outside the United Nations meeting, Donald Trump said the request was made friendly.
 He said there was no pressure on the Ukrainian president.
 But one thing to note is that the U.S. government suddenly suspended nearly $400 million worth of financial aid to Ukraine.
 Then, a few days later, it allocated the funds.
 With this and Trump's talk to the President, the Democrats are concentrating on it.
 So the incident has begun to stir up a storm in American politics.
 Joe Biden, son, Henderson, was appointed as a member of Ukraine's Purusma Holdings Tariff Board in April 2014.
 The company was involved in the exploration of natural gas in the Russian-linked Ukrainian peninsula, Crimea.
 The investigator, who investigated the abuse complaint against Purusma Holdings, was dismissed.
 The Republican Party is accusing Joe Biden of having a hand in this.
 But Hunt has denied following allegations that he used his father for his business purposes.
 The fact that the government official lashed out at journalists in the presence of school education minister Red Fort has caused a lot of distress.
 Red Fort water projects were inaugurated by Minister Red Fort at Dhananayanpalam near Gopi in Eritrea district.
 When reporters were taking pictures of him, Muthulingam, assistant director of the Tamil Nadu Water Board, stood by them in a way that would disrupt them.
 So, "Sorry, sir, a little postponement," the press has voiced their concern.
 He once said, "You're going to push him, what's the big one?" and beat reporters who pushed him away.
 Knowing he was in a drunkenness, the minister, Red Fort, ordered him to be evacuated immediately.
 Since then, top officials have chased Muthulingam not to be present at the function, but to get out immediately.
 More than 15 journalists, however, took to the roadblocks to demand departmental action against Assistant Operator Muthulingam.
 Speaking on the occasion, Minister Reddy contacted the top officials of the Tamil Nadu Water Board in Eritrea district and took the courage to come to the government function with a drink and drink.
 He also called for the suspension of Muthulingam.
 Minister Pandiarajan said that in the 5th Circuit, historical paradigm has been attached to the world's reputation of the underworld.
 In the presence of Jayakanthan, Kathar and Village Industries Board Minister G Pascaran, Minister of Tamil Language and Tamil Culture K. Pandiarajan, the Minister of State for Culture and Tamil Culture, told reporters:
 The underground 5th Circuit is a turning point in the history of Tamil Nadu's epicentre.
 At the bottom, from the 6th century to the 1st century, the KP is a prosperous area.
 The current evidence shows that urbanisation on the banks of the Vaigai River is on the verge of extinction.
 At the bottom, scientific calculations have concluded that the Tamil-Premi period is another 100 years old, and in the 6th century, Tamil Nadu is known as a literate society.
 Furthermore, samples of the 70 bones revealed by the study have been sent to Tekan College, a postgraduate and research institute for scientific analysis.
 The species of Timber, oxen, goats, wild animals, Kalaiman and Mili were identified in the classification of these artefacts in the analysis.
 The study found that animals such as cows, oxen and goats are used to facilitate agriculture, and some of the animal species such as Kalaiman, Woodland and Forestry are found to be cut off from sperm samples, so these animals are also used for food.
 By the end of this review, the Sangam community was the first of its kind to cultivate livestock.
 The samples of bricks and rooftops and pomegranates of clay have been sent to Vellore Technical University for analysis.
 In each of these, minerals such as Silicon, Snake, Iron, Aluminium and Methane are found in the study.
 To protect such rare varieties, work is underway to establish a museum at the main site at an estimated cost of Rs.20 crores for the benefit of a large number of Tamil scholars, students, and the public.
 Further, the 5th phase of exploration will be extended to two weeks and will continue to work.
 Likewise, K. Pandiarajan, Minister for Tamil Language and Tamil Culture, said that the State Government will work with the Central Government to complete the 6th phase of exploration in four places next year.
 The event was attended by Manamadurai MP S Nagarajan, former MP Senthil Nathan, Assistant Director of Archaeology Jeevanantham, Inspector Awaithambambi, Tirupurai Interior Minister Raja and other government officials.
 On behalf of the Andhra Club, on the occasion of World Veterans' Day, the Asian Subramanian Residents Association organized an old-fashioned garment parade, dance and song festivals.
 The 92-year-old grandmother danced to the lyrics of 'Apambay.'
 Actress Ambika, singer L.R. Eswari and Poornima Kumar distributed gifts to the chosen Ramanan couple, who were chosen as first-generation couples.
 Virgov Edwards Purnima Kumar was present on the occasion.
 Entrepreneur Nalli Kupusamy Chetty, actress Ambika and singer LR Eswari participated and conveyed the prizes to the contesting elders.
 15 grandchildren participated in the fashion show.
 Harperia was the first.
 Suresh and Radhika finished 2nd and 3rd.
 The beautiful grandparents clothed in fashion garments.
 Manik took first place and Kannan 2nd.
 The best dance grandparents were Susan, Kala and Vanja.
 In the race for Mr and Mrs Chennai, the Raman couple took first place, and Srinivasan-Palambal couple 2nd.
 The families of the elderly participated and encouraged them.
 Lalitha, 92, shook hands with the lyrics of 'Apambay.'
 Virgov Edwards Purnima Kumar said that the old man's day should be celebrated like Women's Day and Kaadhala Day.
 Labour Commissioner Muthumikam attends the International Labour Organisation Meeting.
 The International Labour Organisation is the only trilateral body established in the United Nations.
 Labour laws are enacted across the world based on the traditions and recommendations of the International Labour Organization of the United Nations.
 A review of such traditions and recommendations will take place on the 27th floor of the International Labour Organization in Geneva, Switzerland.
 The meeting will consult, discuss, discuss and send a recommendation to the Governing Council on all convention and recommendations.
 As a representative of the Government of India, the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner of the Ministry of Labour and Employment, Muthukumikam, was present at the meeting.
 International trade unions, employers and governments from 187 countries are participating in the trilateral meeting.
 This is the first time a Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner has been sent as India's representative for this kind of work, according to a press release issued by the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner.
 Actor Vijay's father and director S.A. Chandrasekhar flew from Chennai today to participate in an event at Nagarkovil in Kanyakumari district.
 He was also asked about Vijay's remarks and his opposition to the DMK.
 He replied: "She died in a bus crash when she was on a bike in the early hours of the day.
 Everyone is talking about this incident.
 That's how Vijay spoke about one thing that everyone is talking about.
 The court had asked: "Why haven't we arrested those involved in Subramanian's case yet?"
 At this point, he said he did not know why ministers and the DMK were opposed to Vijay's remarks. "Is it a sign that Vijay's platform is coming into politics?"
 She said: "I don't know anything about that.
 "Let's get on with it, let's go with urgency," he said.
 Deputy Chief Minister O. Pannerselvam reviewed the Tamil Nadu Civil Aviation Board's settlements at Raja Annamalapuram and Valliswaran Temple Estate in Chennai today and questioned the public's grievances.
 The 488 residences, built in 1979-80, are very blissful.
 In response to the demands of the residents to demolish the disintegrated old habitations and build new ones, the Deputy Chief Minister assured residents that work would be started soon and new settlements would be completed.
 The Deputy Chief Minister said that with an estimated cost of Rs 67.89 crore, the demolition of 200 square feet of old habitations, 400 square feet of one bedroom, one reception room, one kitchen, one bathroom and one toilet, will soon be built under the housing scheme for all.
 Contract points for the project have been finalized and the existing settlements will be demolished soon and the construction of new settlements will be carried out at a rapid pace.
 Since then, the Deputy Chief Minister has directed civil disobedience Board officials and Chennai municipal authorities involved in maintaining the area clean and sanitary.
 O'Brien said 6 lakh houses have been constructed so far for the homeless poor and all will be constructed by 2023.
 Ravi M.L.F. and officials went.
 Karnataka is a music competition for young artists on behalf of Indira Sivasalam Foundation.
 The Indira Sivasalam Foundation held the 7th Annual Indira Sivasalam Music Festival at the Madras Music Academy as a prelude to the music composer's work.
 The "Anvisha Bal Vidwan" competition, introduced in 2018, provides a platform for emerging musicians to showcase their talents in Karnataka music in the presence of prestigious arbitrarians and Indira Sivasalam Foundation medals from "The Music Academy of Advanced Sciences of Carnataka."
 The contestants were asked to upload their skills and performance in Karnataka music in a video form on the Facebook page of the Indira Sivasalam Trust.
 This year, nearly 100 competitors, including a handful of participants from Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and the U.S.A., uploaded their skills and participated in the competition.
 The jury consists of Rita Rajan, Dr. R.S. Jayalakshmi, members of the editorial board of The Miami Academy of Advanced Sciences of Carnatics and Dr. Bandla Rama, who will receive this year's Indira Sivasalam Foundation Medal.
 This year, competition was also introduced for artists from 16-20 years of age, apart from the Artists' Opportunities and Vocabulary (Vocabulary and Vocabulary) Units (Vocabulary and Vocabulary) of 10-15 years of age.
 Participants in all three categories of the event displayed their abilities in a very special manner.
 The winners of the 2019 Anewa 2019 are as follows:
 Swadika, Pol S Bhatangi and Kamal Ambedkaruthi and Abramay Sheshatri have won the Vatican category.
 RD Siyam Raghav won the Vocational Vocabulary for Artists between the ages of 16 and 20.
 Members of the Anewasa Arbitration Committee, Dr. Bandla Rama, Peter Ritha Rajan, Dr. R.S. Jayalakshmi, and Sunita Subramanian of Indira Sivasalam Foundation, presented the awards to the winners.
 Visitors and participants who attended the event applauded the efforts of the Indira Sivasalam Foundation, which maintains and preserves Karnataka's music in artistic form among the emerging artists.
 Pilgrimage Foundation Award for Indian girl who fought against child marriage.
 A 17-year-old girl from Rajasthan has been awarded the 'Chengamecker' award on behalf of the Pilgrimage Foundation for her fight against child marriage and child labour.
 Paiyal Jangit (17), a girl from Hinsla village, 100 kilometres from Jaipur, Rajasthan.
 He campaigned vigorously against child marriage and child labour in his village.
 He also carried out the campaign in some of the villages where Ar-Kil was located in his village.
 So many petty marriages were prevented in those areas.
 She was nominated for the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to honor Payal's performance.
 The award ceremony took place in New York City on Tuesday night.
 Paiyal Jangit received the "Senator" award from Assistant Secretary General Amina J. Mohammad.
 After receiving the award, Payal said: "There were a number of problems in our village.
 They don't send out girls, especially girls, to study.
 They will marry at a young age.
 The family decided to marry me at a young age.
 At the time, I approached a community R painter and made peace with my father.
 We then held a number of rallies and battles against child marriage, demanding that the children be sent to school.
 We went to every house and raised awareness about this to everyone.
 "Parents should give every child the opportunity to raise their lives," he said.
 In Jordan, a two-month public apology has been announced again.
 The Jordanian Embassy has announced that the public apology period, which begins on 22 September, will remain in force until 29 November, according to the Foreign Employment Bureau.
 Foreign workers who go to Jordan with a visa and stay without a visa for a period of time will be able to travel to the country without paying any penalties during this public apology period.
 However, the Jordanian embassy said foreigners who have been staying illegally since the end of their visa permits could leave on a tourist visa after paying penalties.
 Such a public apology had been announced last February to foreigners who are staying there illegally in Jordan.
 Does the BJP take over the nation's politics in Tamil Nadu?
 At the end of the day, the BJP is supposed to take the caste politics into the hands of the Tamil Nadu, wherever it may be, and wherever it may be, and if it can't let the camaraderie flourish, then the BJP will be in the hands of the caste politics.
 When Modi was Prime Minister for the first time, he had to abandon Tamarai in Tamil Nadu and look for a vasectomy.
 After that, for the second time, in the run-up to the elections, Amit Shah said, "You don't know what you're doing. You have to flourish in Tamilnadu."
 However, in the five contested constituencies, only soil was able to wash.
 Despite the BJP's meltdown across the country, there is a wave of protest in Tamil Nadu.
 This is above all Triple Talaq, Kashmir issue, Hindi imposition, one nation one language.
 All of this is still in tune with the fact that it's all together.
 That's why the BJP leadership is in trouble with the BJP executives in Tamil Nadu, and that's why there is still a problem with even the state leadership being appointed.
 Despite this, the BJP is planning to root out the BJP in Tamil Nadu as soon as possible in the upcoming legislative elections.
 For that, the BJP leadership seems to have come to an almost unanimous conclusion through the Direct Field Rifle, Intelligence Rifle etc.
 Accordingly, the two Dravida parties, whether it is the AIADMK or the DMK, do not give enough importance to the people of Nader, the people of the Vannis and the peoples of Devendra Kutcher, to the people of their respective communities.
 This is said to be saddening for the Dravidian parties.
 It is the BJP that is starting to take this magic into their own hands.
 It has decided to honour and give a post of pride, or significance to their community.
 Soundarajan's appointment as Governor of Telangana is also such a thing.
 Likewise, the BJP government is also said to have given priority to high-ranking nationals in ISRO.
 It is true that if the BJP does this to honour every ethnicity, then the people of those communities will get pride and happiness.
 Moreover, one of the things that doesn't matter is that the BJP will be masquerading as a masquerade in this caste politics.
 At the same time, while Tamil Nadu is already embroiled in caste politics, it is not known whether the BJP's actions will be like pouring more oil into the burning fire.
 If the caste fire starts to burn, it's true that even Tamar's flesh in Tamil Nadu will be poured into the same fire with a little bit of poison now!
 The slaughter of a labourer by a drunk teacher near Tamilnadu.
 In a pre-emptive confrontation near Sivanur, a young man was killed with a knife and a hire worker was killed.
 An aid inspector who went to catch the culprit was also hit with a knife.
 Akshikaraj (28), the son of a devil from the Kangarambalam colony near Sivanpur, near the town of Sivan.
 He's a labourer.
 Kassanathan's son was born in the same area, Bhutan (33).
 They have been involved in frequent disputes and clashes in the area.
 There are also cases against them at the Sewaranpur police station.
 At this point, Iyar, who is a blue-collar businessman, has regularly kept the public intimidated by having a knife and drinking alcohol during the night.
 In this way, he was drinking alcohol on Saturday evening, taking a blue-clad knife in the colony of Gangarambalam and threatening the roadmen.
 So Iyar went to Cadigaraj's house because of preemptive hostility and disputed with him from the house.
 In the confrontation, she suddenly cut off Cadigaraj with a blue chip and a knife.
 Cadigaraj, who fell into a bloodbath, died at the scene.
 After that, as he drove the public with a knife, he was on the road to the Thiruvallai.
 Manikantan, an assistant police inspector with information, was rushed to the scene and tried to catch him.
 Assistant inspector Manikantan was wounded in a knife attack at the time.
 He was immediately admitted to a private hospital and treated.
 Following this, the police caught him and took him to a police station.
 For information about the incident, DHP J. Sankar, Sivanur Police Inspector Nandagopal and police rushed to the scene of the murder and interrogated the scene.
 Police protection was put in place because of fears of the murder in Gangarambalam, a part of the New Delhi state border area.
 In connection with the complaint, Sivanpur police have filed a murder case, arrested and are conducting a serious investigation.
 A road safety camp and awareness march was held on behalf of the New Princess Sr. Bhavani College of Arts and Science and the Metropolitan Transport Police (MDB) in Chennai on the outskirts of Chennai.
 M. Prabhakaran, director of the New Princess Sr. Bhavani College of Arts and Sciences, welcomed all of them.
 Senior Chief Minister V. Karunanidhi, Chief Minister V. Uma Devi, Deputy Chief Minister A. Midugas Bacheli and others took the lead.
 L. Naveen Prasad, vice president of New Princes Educational Groups, chaired and inaugurated the Road Safety Awareness Campaign.
 Vibrant Transport Police inspector Sivasangaran participated as a special guest and flagged off the awareness rally and gave a keynote address to the students on Road Safety Rules.
 He said that the need for road regulations should only be started from the students because parents and this community are dependent on them.
 Young people who are most affected by road accidents should be forced to attend such awareness programmes in schools and colleges to prevent this from happening.
 Everyone should adhere to traffic regulations not to fines, but to preserve your life.
 Students should wear compulsory headscarves when they are travelling in a two-wheeler, and never use mobile phones when they are driving.
 Vehicles should be able to operate after properly learning the road rules.
 Vehicles should cooperate adequately with traffic guards.
 If every college administration continues to monitor the students' follow-up to the road rules, it can save the students' precious lives.
 The future of the country is in the hands of the youth and it is a vital duty for the Transport Police and the public to protect such young people.
 Assistant inspector Ravikumar, Chief Guards Kanteepan, Srinivasan, Thyagarajan and others participated in the event.
 Professor Senak Vilayi lost his life and 42 years ended with him today.
 Ahead of the National Drug Policy, Professor Senagha Vilayi has lost his life and is now 42 years old.
 He will be assassinated on the island of Guyana in a mysterious manner.
 He is the country's first professor in the field of medical medicine.
 Professor Senaka Vilay has served as the first faculty of the medical faculty at the University of Peradeniya.
 He highlighted the issues related to drug sales initiated by the country's multi-national corporations, and was under various pressure from these vendors.
 The government's loss of medicines imported to the country by various names is a multimillion-dollar rupee.
 So he highlighted the importance of the National Drug Policy to the government.
 He worked to provide the 335 medicines needed for patients with a reasonable price and high quality of treatment.
 Because of his actions, he was subject to the jealousy of the multi-national corporations.
 The mystery of his death has not yet been released.
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi made no mention of the issue of Jammu and Kashmir during his address to the United Nations today.
 The 74th session of the United Nations is currently underway.
 The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the gathering on behalf of India.
 During his address, he called on the world to unite against terrorism.
 He also remembered the vocabulary of Ganjian, the Tamil poet, and of Ganjari, sung by Ganjari, and of Ganjari, every town and town.
 Modi boasted that India is contributing greatly towards the solution to the global warming problem, and that India's contribution to global warming is limited, and the solution is much higher.
 The Government of India is making an active effort to become a country that does not have plastic usage.
 He said that the biggest health insurance scheme in India is being implemented.
 Modi spoke in Tamil about the world's best idea at the UN, which is to listen to Yadum and Kayts.
 But in his speech, he did not mention anything about the issue of Jammu and Kashmir at any point.
 This is because the central government has firmly concluded that Jammu and Kashmir is India's internal affair.
 While Pakistan wants this to be an international issue, political observers say Modi has not spoken a word about Jammu and Kashmir in a way that is deliberate.
 This has given the world a megaphone that Kashmir is India's internal affairs.
 A total of 2,993 tribes have qualified in the literature examination held in Kerala.
 The 85-year-old has also qualified.
 According to the 2011 census, 93.91 percent of Kerala's population was literate.
 The State Government of Kerala is making efforts to make this 100 per cent.
 For this purpose, the State Literacy Commission was set up.
 The Commission is conducting classes and examinations for people literacy in each district.
 Importantly, the Commission is making serious efforts to educate tribes, fishermen and displaced workers.
 Since last February, literacy classes have been conducted for people in the most tribal-dominated area in the Varanasi district and a recent examination has been conducted.
 The exam consisted of 100 marks, 30 marks for reading skills, 40 marks for writing skills and 30 marks for mathematical knowledge.
 It is mandatory to get 30 marks to qualify for this exam.
 A total of 3,090 tribes from the Virtual District participated in the examination.
 Of those, 2,993 were qualified, according to the Literacy Commission.
 One of them was an 85-year-old ancestor.
 School Education Director S. Kannappan has ordered 27 government and state-sponsored schools to distribute textbooks and notebooks for secondary school students on the 3rd of April.
 In this regard, he sent a roundtable to all District Chief Education Officers and District Education Officers on Wednesday:
 Government and state-funded schools have been provided priceless notebooks to all districts through TPL.
 Similarly, the second season costly textbooks have been sent through the Tamil Nadu textbook Corporation.
 All District Principal Education Officers should provide textbooks and notebooks to all Government and Government Aided Schools in their district by 30th September.
 He also urged all headteachers to distribute expensive textbooks and notebooks for the second season on the first day of schooling after a quarterly vacation.
