Today is the day to learn international information.
To this end, the Ministry of Mass Media has announced the month of information.
It will be held from this 15th to the 15th of next month.
A number of programs will be implemented during this period to promote the right to information.
In Sri Lanka in 2016, the Right to Information Act will be passed in Parliament.
This has been a move to further strengthen democracy.
The law is currently ranked as the fourth law in the world.
The use of plastic products has been banned at the BJP headquarters in Delhi.
There, once-used plastic products such as water bottles are banned.
India is currently preparing for the next election.
Elections are scheduled for Maharashtra and Haryana on the 21st of next month.
The election results are due to be announced on the 24th of the same month.
All parties are now actively preparing for this.
The election committee meeting on behalf of the BJP was held in Delhi.
PM Modi, BJP national president Amit Shah and BJP national working president J P Nadda were also participated in this discussion.
Prime Minister Modi had earlier been in consultation with the BJP's election committee in March.
In his Independence Day speech, he spoke of avoiding plastic products.
He demanded that only once-used plastic items be avoided.
In this case, the BJP headquarters has now totally banned plastic products that can be used once.
Essentially all of the water bottles have been dropped in bulk.
Water bottles are not used in the BJP meeting today.
Instead, people who come there are given water in the glass jar.
The move was reportedly taken in the wake of PM Modi's request.
It is noteworthy that many Nittisans have commented on the move.
Gulalai Ismail is a Pakistani native.
As social activist, she has been vocal against child marriage, violence against women, honor killing and oppression.
He posted photos of Pakistani military sexual harassment of tribal women and girls in some areas, including Khyber Pakhtunwa, Balochistan province, on social networks.
For this reason, the "sedition case" has been filed against Gulalai and the police are actively trying to arrest him.
However, Gulalai Ismail fled Pakistan with the help of friends and relatives and sought refuge in the United States.
Earlier yesterday, Prime Minister Imran Khan addressed the United Nations General Assembly in New York, USA.
"there are no militant organizations in Pakistan. therefore, we must all unite against extremism," he said.
Police are investigating the death of a young man who was electrocuted 'cause he was using his cell phone while it was in charging.
Ramakrishnan hails from Odupalli, near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district.
His son Devendran (age 27).
He was working as a tower manager at a famous private cell phone company.
Devendran was using his cell phone while it was charging in his home at yesterday afternoon.
Suddenly there was a power leak and  Devendran was electrocuted.
He died tragically after being injured.
The Pallipalayam  police came to the spot and investigated the matter.
Devendran's body was later sent to the Pallipalayam Government Hospital for autopsy.
A complaint was lodged at the Pallipalayam police station.
The police have filed a case and are investigating.
The incident has caused a stir in the area.
The Supreme Court has stated that it will not give a day after October 18 to present arguments in the Ayodhya case.
The Supreme Court is hearing appeals filed by the Allahabad High Court in the Ayodhya case.
The Supreme Court has been hearing on a daily basis since last month.
The court has instructed to conclude the arguments by October 18.
The session, headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogai, is investigating the case.
The hearing is being held for an additional hour from last Monday.
During yesterday's argument, Islamic organizations objected to a 2003 report by the Archeology Department.
Commenting on this, the judges said, "If there is objection to the archaeological report, you may have raised it in the Allahabad High Court.
There you will get relief according to the law.
We will not allow it to be raised here. "
In this case, the Ayodhya case came up again today.
At the time, Islamic organizations said they would apologize if their objection of the Archeology Department's report cause wasted the court time.
The Islamic Organization's lawyer has not lost his right to question the archaeological report.
However, the judges said the evidence could not be assessed after the court accepted.
Once again, the judges pointed out that the Ayodhya case should be completed by October 18, and that the Hindu and Muslim parties should set a deadline for the conclusion of their arguments.
The judges said they could not give them time to present their arguments after October 18, which would be better if the case were decided in four weeks.
With the holidays coming up in October, Hindu organizations said only one advocate would be allowed to present counterarguments.
Uttarakhand BJP Chief Minister Trivendra Singh has negligently said that if the dosage of the pill for dengue fever increases, it will do nothing else.
About 4800 people have been diagnosed with dengue in Uttarakhand.
Officials have confirmed that 3,000 people have been affected by dengue in Dehradun and 1,100 in Haldwani.
In addition, 4 of them have died in Dehradun and 2 in Haldwani.
The state health department reports that as of September 17, eight people have been died.
In a question, after all this that the mosquito-borne epidemic in the state of Uttarakhand is on the rise, Trivendra Singh, indifferently said, "Patients suffering from dengue are able to consume paracetamol as a 500ml dose, at 650 ml gramtosage, and have a little rest are enough to cure the disease."
The incident of the priest's death in the pooja room near Tiruvallur has caused a stir in the area.
Govindaraj (age 45) was a resident of Iraiyamangalam area next to Thiruvallur.
As a saint, he is not married.
He knew Siddha medicine, astrology and yoga.
He hails from Nanganallur, Chennai and bought an acre here 15 years ago and lived alone.
He grew herbal plants around the house.
Lavanya, a young woman from Chennai's Besant nagar, came to Govindaraj's house on last Saturday and stayed.
Last evening, Govindaraj was performing the pooja in the house.
Suddenly, a mysterious object in the room was exploded with a loud noise.
Govindaraj's body was set on fire after the explosion.
He ran out of the house screaming.
When Lavanya came out of the neighboring room after hearing the noise, she was shocked to find Govindaraj.
Govindaraj, who had suffered severe burns to his body, died tragically on the spot.
Upon learning of the information, Mappadu police rushed and recovered Govindaraj's body and sent it to the Tiruvallur Government Hospital for autopsy.
Lavanya was in a nearby room when the mystery object exploded and luckily escaped.
What was the material that exploded in the puja room?
It is not known whether it was a bomb.
Forensic expert Nalina and officials, led by Deputy Superintendent of Police Harini, collected the clues at the scene.
It has been sent for inspection.
After the result come out, we come to know what was the substance that exploded in the pooja room?
Also, blood was scattered in the pooja room.
Police suspect there is no chance of blood stain during the fire.
Police has decided to hold a further enquiry after the outcome of his autopsy.
The woman who was staying with the him is also being investigated.
The incident in which the priest was killed by a mysterious object blown in the pooja room has caused a stir in the area.
The CBI is investigating the case of impersonating in the NEET exam.
In this case, Udit Surya and his father Venkatesan who were arrested yesterday were interrogated at the office of C.B.C.I.D. in Theni.
D South Zonal Superintendent Vijayakumar and Deputy Superintendent Hartwin Jagadeeskumar and Theni C.I.D. Inspector Chitradevi investigated and recorded the affidavit in a timely manner.
Later, after completing a medical examination, they were appeared in the presence of Theni Criminal Justice Judge Panneerselvam at 8.15 pm last night.
Actor Sasikumar shooting... Inconvenience for the government hospital patients?
All hospital inpatients are suffering from this noise.
Many people had fun, including nocturnal doctors, nurses and staff.
Upon inquiry, it was revealed that all the ambulances were used as the shooting of the new film, which will be directed by Ponram, starring actor Sasikumar.
Actor Sasikumar is said to have not formally received permission from the hospital administration for the shooting.
Immediately, the public started arguing with the film crew, blocking the ambulances.
Upon learning of this, the GhanaVilakku police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for interrogation.
But people there said  the film team has gone there.
We contacted the crew to explain the incident.
But could not communicate.
The statue of Natarajar, who was rescued from Australia, was placed in the temple shrine of Kallidaikurichi Kulasekaramudaiyar yesterday.
Sametha Kulasekaramudaiyar Temple is a temple of Kallidaikurichi in Tirunelveli district.
The Panchaloga statues of a two-and-a-half-foot tall Nadarajar, Sivakami Ambal, Mannikkavasagar, Sripalinathar at the Nadarajar sanctum in the oldest temple were looted in 1982.
The statues were revealed to be in the Australian Museum.
The statue was recovered and brought to Tamil Nadu in an effort by the Special Officer of the Idol Prevention Unit, Pon Mannikavel.
After the order of Kumbakonam court it was brought to Kallidaikurichi yesterday morning.
The statue brought back in the police vehicle was welcomed by the public in Kallidaikurichi.
The statue was later placed in the Kulasekaramudaiyar Temple sanctum.
Special Officer Pon Manikavel said: "we will soon find three other statues, including the stolen Sivakami Ambal.
Those involved in the incident will be arrested soon, he said.
CBCID police have arrested three other medical students and their father in the NEET impersonation affair.
Udithsuriya and her father, Dr. Venkatesan, who works at Stanley Hospital in Chennai, have been arrested in connection with the impersonation of the NEET exam.
Dr. Venkatesan was suspended yesterday while they continue to be investigated.
Meanwhile, CBCID police are conducting an intensive investigation into the matter.
Three medical students from Kanchipuram were caught yesterday and three more students have been arrested today.
Three persons - Abhirami, Praveen and Rahul from Medical Colleges of Krishnagiri and Villupuram - were arrested by the CBCID police today.
Six intermediaries have been arrested in the matter.
It is said that the CBCID is currently in action on the basis of his confession during the interrogation of Udit Surya's father.
According to CBCID, there are many shocking reports continually come out in the impersonation matter.
President Maithripala Sirisena said university passed out graduates are protesting in street for seeking empoyment shows the country's education system derailed from science, technology and research field.
Therefore, it is important to make the necessary fundamental changes in the national education policies and introduce and implement the new education systems of the developed countries of the world, the President said.
The President was speaking at the inauguration of the second stage of the'Shilpa Sena 'exhibition at the Polonnaruwa Kalella National Sports Stadium yesterday(25) before-noon .
The second phase of the Shilpa Sena exhibition, which is a part of Ministry of Science, Technology and Research ministries program, will feature new innovations and various entertainment events at the Polonnaruwa Kalella National Stadium from yesterday to the 29th.
Addressing the gathering, the President added that the progress of the world is through new innovations in science and technology that are being developed through research.
The President also explained the importance of experts in the field of science, technology and research in this age of high need for the cooperation of scientific, technical and research sectors in order to overcome the challenges faced by the people of our country due to climate change.
The President said Many people belongs to Political and Scientific, Technical and Research sectors are self-centered minded and did not to think about the countries development is a challenge country is facing now. And another challenge is, educated persons who got free education left the country is the reason for lacking experts in Engineering, Medicine and Accounts fields in here.
The Shilpa Sena exhibition, which is themed'prosperous country with strong hands', is divided into five sections mainly in the field of technology, industry, trade, new production, blue-green section and happiness.
In the Department of Technology STEM Education, Space Technology, Biotechnology, Robotic Technology, Nano Technology, Megatonics, New Stronger, Blue Green Technology, 55G IoT are one of the key themes that are being organized to promote knowledge of modern science, technology and research.
In the new production section of the Shilpa Sena exhibition, more than 250 new inventions have been exhibited in the country and the necessary projects have been implemented to commercialize their products.
The President who opened the exhibition visited it and interacted smoothly with the work team.
Several officials including Chintaka S. Lokuhettige, Secretary to the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research were present at the event.
The Dasara Festival at Kulasai Mutharamman Temple began with hoisting the flag.
The annual Dasara Festival is held at the Kulasekaranpattinam Mutharamman Temple near Thiruchendur, Thoothukudi District.
After the Dasara ceremony at the Chamundeswari Amman Temple in Mysore in India, millions of devotees flock to the Dasara festival.
Kulasekaranpattinam Mutharamman temple festival is unique in the way of fasting and thanks offering through various god roles.
Those who imitate the Kali have to undergone 48 days of fasting which is special devtion.
The 2019 Dasara Festival began this morning with hoisting the flag.
The Dasara festival takes place for 10 days.
The main event of the Dasara festival, Mahishasuravatam, will be held on October 8.
That day, at night, Ambikai who wake up at the Kulasai beach will kill Mahisha.
It is likely that more than 6 lakh devotees will visit the darshan on the occasion of the festival.
With the Gnanamoorthy Lord, Mutharamman apeared in inner most part of the temple which is a great privilage to devotees for worshiping of both God and Godess.
Ambika Mutharamman is the unshakeable belief of the devotees that the  god will resolve mental health issue, hurdles in marriage and infertility issues.
At least 20 people were killed in a powerful earthquake in Indonesia on Thursday.
The National Disaster Rescue Organization and the Rescue Force said:
The powerful earthquake occurred at 8.45 am (local time) on Thursday near Ambon Nagar, located in the Malal Islands area.
The earthquake was recorded at 6.5 units on the Richter scale.
Many houses have been demolished by this earthquake; Landslides have occurred in various places.
Twenty people died in the incidents.
They were killed in landslide and debris.
One of them, a woman, fell and died when she was speeding in a two-wheeler towards a higher area for fear of a tsunami.
In addition, 100 people were injured in the quake; Officials said 2,000 people were evacuated to safe areas.
The city of Ambon, which is home to 4 million people, and the surrounding areas have been affected by the earthquake.
As the city's hospital was shaken by the earthquake, patients and others hurried out.
Subsequently, the patients were placed in a temporary camp, according to reports.
In the last year's 7.5 magnitude earthquake in Indonesia killed 4,300 people.
There was an attempted robbery at Kanchipuram ATM.
Upon seeing the police, a mysterious gang of three people on motorbike fled.
State Bank of India ATM is located at Valinka Pattarai, Kancheepuram.
At 3 o'clock this morning, three mysterious men on a motorbike parked in front of the ATM and saw the camera at the door of that ATM.
Then they used spray they brought to block the camera.
At that time, Kancheepuram Taluk Police station Inspector Bhaskar, Sub-Inspector Sellappillai were on night patrol.
When hearing police vehicle's horn the three men fled in the motorbike.
But Inspector Bhaskar chased them for a while.
But they entered an alley and escaped.
Kancheepuram Taluk police have registered a case and are searching for mysterious persons involved in the robbery at the ATM.
As the police arrived there on patrol, hundreds of thousands of rupees in the ATM were saved.
Minister Sellor Raju said that the Tamilians' should applaud the Prime Minister Modi for speaking out on the glory of Tamil in the UN.
As for Co-operative Minister Sellor Raju, wherever he attended at the AIADMK party meetings he tried to ease the tension over there by his humorous speech.
In addition, even if he meets reporters he will be able to make his interview to a headline.
At a meeting of the United Nations General Assembly in the United States, Prime Minister Modi was quoted Puranaanooru, a Tamil classic, as saying, "World is one, and people are kin."
Sellor Raju said that the Tamilians' should thank Prime Minister Modi for this and that it is our duty.
He also stated that Prime Minister Modi has glorified the Tamil’s proud among the world leaders in the UN.
He said this to reporters after he inaugurated new buses by flapping the flag at the Madurai Arappalayam bus stand.
Minister Selur Raju's interview has even shamed the BJP members.
Meanwhile, the rule of law in Tamil Nadu is being held, as an example of the arrest of former AIADMK councilor Jayagopal, who caused the death of Subhasree.
He promised that the AIADMK government would not make it fun for anyone who made a mistake and that action would be taken without kindness.
Tahil Ramani was the Chief Justice of the Madras High Court.
The Collegium Committee recommended to the Central Government to appoint a different Chief Justice of Chennai as he was appointed as the Chief Justice in a year before.
Accordingly, it was decided to appoint Tahil Ramani as the Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court.
Judge Tahil Ramani refused to accept the transfer and appealed to the Collegium.
But, his request was rejected.
Subsequently, he gave a letter of resignation.
To oppose the Tahil Ramani's transfer a case was filed in court.
Meanwhile, the central government announced that Tahil Ramani's resignation letter was accepted.
The case was dismissed.
Aftert this, on behalf of the Madras High Court Lawyers Association a send-off was given to Tahil Ramani.
The demonstration was held on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance, denouncing the Hindu Front's violent crackdown on the 28 Knitting apparel companies and urging the police to take swift action.
On the 5th of last month, more than 60 people belongs to Hindu Front entered into the knitting companies located in Angaripalayam road, Tirupur and attacked
Due to this, the workers in the factory were attacked and company's belongings were damaged.
The police arrested a few people only.
Industrialists, various political parties and movements, public were severely condemned this attack. Meanwhile, the Tirupur Secular Progressive Alliance parties announced a protest on the 9th of last month.
Permission was denied, so the complaint was given to the District Collector and the Tirupur Municipal Police Commissioner.
A demonstration was announced again on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance on September 17 after a consultative meeting.
Despite police denied permission, the protest was held at 11 am on the 17th in front of the Tirupur Municipal Corporation.
The protest was led by Tirupur North district DMK secretary K Selvaraj.
CPI (M) state committee member K Kamaraj, Tirupur district CPI-M secretary S Muthukannan, CPI secretary M Ravi in Tirupur, Ramasamy of the Congress party and other party executives participated in the demonstration.
In the midst of the demonstration, the police insisted that they were not allowed to demonstrate.
The secular Progressive Alliance parties said; On the 5th of last month in Tirupur, the Hindu Front attacked the Knitting companies and rioted.
We have formally asked for the permission of the police to protest against the incident but permission was denied. And, then we submitted a compliant to the Collector and Police commissioner. Even then, police denied the permission. So, we are forced to protest in a democratic way despite there is a ban.
Police have also arrested some people in the attack on the Knitting companies.
They said the police should act swiftly to arrest the Hindu front rowdies who were involved in the incident.
More than 500 people, especially women, participated in the demonstration and voiced their opposition to the violence.
The protests were met with fierce condemnation of the attack on the Knitting companies in Tirupur by the Hindu Front and the religious violence being perpetrated by Hindu Front in various forms.
It is no exaggeration to say that The secular Progressive Alliance parties has created an awareness against violence among the people of Tirupur.
Rs.100 crore fine have been collectd from ticketless passengers.
If a passenger travelling on train without ticket, the Railway police will file a case and fine them.
This year, the number of passengers without a ticket increased from last year.
The agency said it recorded 17.42 lakh cases of travelling "ticketless" in the months between April and September last year and collected a total fine of Rs 87.98 crore from them, registering 19.15 lakh cases from April to September in the current year and collecting Rs 100.29 crore in fines, according to Central Railway's press release.
The Central Government awards to Namakkal and Tiruvallur district for their outstanding work in medical care. The districts collectors called on Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy and shown the awards.
Ministry of Women and Child Development of the Government of India awarded Namakkal District and Thiruvallur collector for promoting female gender program. The awards were received by collectors of respective districts. At a function held at the Chief Secretary's office yesterday (26th) they called on Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy and shown the awards.
Minister of Social Welfare and Nutrition, Dr. V. Saroja, Chief Secretary, Mr. Shanmugam, Social Health and Nutrition Program Secretary S. Madhumathi and Social Welfare Commissioner T.Abraham were present on the occasion.
"if I do, people will come forward to do it!" said Ramsingh, who spoke of the effort. "
They do not seem to realize that many people have complained about this and that they are thinking of an alternative.
The right solution to this is that people will come forward if I do what I believe.
So my wife and I have been walking 10 km weekly once and have been buying vegetables.
It is now accustomed after we continued for six months.
I am very satisfied.
"several people said it was difficult to walk around carrying copious vegs.I suggested them to carry a bamboo basket to combat the plastic menace.
But they laughed at it.
So, my wife and I carried the bamboo basket and went to the market.
It was then that I realized that it was very helpful in many ways.
Many young people on these days are not in healthy condition.
I think they need to start walking and control their food.
I believe deeply that a traditional system can provide the best solutions to the challenges of innovation in the modernized world.
If one is dealing with traditional methods, one can be in full health, "says Ram Singh IAS.
Heart diseases, including heart attacks, are the number one cause of death worldwide, said cardiothoracic surgeon physician G. Senkotuvelu.
The World Heart Day is observed on September 29th.
The event was held on 27.9.2019 in Thyagarayar, Chennai on behalf of Dr. G. S. Heart Foundation.
Apollo Hospital High Consultant and Interventional Heart Therapist Doctor G. Senkotuvelu presided over the event.
Filmmaker Sivak Kumar, who was the guest of honor, all the doctors, including doctors pledged that themselves as heart lovers.
Subsequently, Sivak Kumar addressed the issue of healthy living.
Hospital President Dr. A. Muruganathan received.
Speaking at the event, medical expert G. Cheng Gotuelu said:
Heart disease, including heart attack, is the number one leading cause of death worldwide.
Heart disease in India is on the rise.
Young people also suffer from heart attacks.
We can remain vigilant and keep the body safe and prevent heart disease at 80%.
If the mother, father, grandfather and grandmother have heart disease, we are more likely to get heart disease.
If we take lifestyle to the right, we can prevent cardiovascular disease.
In modern medicine, it is possible to predict who will have a heart attack.
If found early, a heart attack can be prevented.
Even if you have a heart attack, can be healed quickly.
Thus he said.
The Election Commission has reduced the disqualification period of Sikkim Chief Minister Premsingh, who was convicted in a corruption case, from six years to one year and one month.
This has removed the deadlock in contesting the Tamang by-election.
The Sikkim assembly elections were held with the Lok Sabha elections.
Sikkim Granthikari Morcha won the election.
The party's leader, Premsingh Tamang, took over as state chief minister.
But in 2016, A lower court Tamang was sentenced to prison in a corruption case.
The Supreme Court upheld this and he was sentenced to life in prison.
The controversy erupted when Tamang was sworn in as a man who had been jailed for corruption could not contest the election for 6 years.
Tamang is contesting the assembly by-election in Sikkim.
Tamang ruled in Sikkim with BJP support.
Meanwhile, Tamang has sent a letter to the Election Commission seeking to remove the six-year ban imposed on him by various sections of law.
Considering this, the Election Commission has announced that it will reduce the ban on Tamang to one year one month.
This does not prohibit Tamang from contesting the assembly by-election.
The BJP can influence its politics in other states, including Tamil Nadu, using the concession granted to Damang.
Reports maybe come out as The Election Commission is going to fuilfill  BJP's wishes in full swing.
Government doctor Venkatesan, father of student Udit Surya, has been suspended for allegedly involved in impersonation in the NEET exam.
Joseph has also been arrested in Kerala for acting as a middleman in the transition.
Udit Surya, a student of Theni Government Medical College, was found to have impersonated the NEET exam.
The police then filed a case against Udit Surya and his family.
But Udit Surya and her family fled and went into hiding.
Udit Surya has filed a petition in court seeking further bail.
In this case, Tamil Nadu police arrested Udit Surya, who was hiding with his family in Tirupati.
Total Udit Surya's family was arrested and brought to Theni enquired for several hours.
During the trial, Udit Surya's father, Dr. Venkatesan, admitted for impersonation to become his son a doctor.
All were produced in court and jailed after Venkatesan confessed to police.
Udit Surya's father worked as a government doctor at Stanley Hospital, Chennai.
The Tamil Nadu government has suspended Venkatesan as he is currently being arrested and jailed.
Joseph, the intermediary, has been arrested in Kerala on the basis of Venkatesan's confession.
He is to be brought to Tamil Nadu for trial.
Chennai Stanley Government Hospital doctor Venkatesan has been suspended in the case of Udit Surya's impersonation.
Meanwhile, CBCID police conducted an inquiry today at the NEET training center run by Joseph, the intermediary in Thiruvananthapuram.
Joseph is said to have been involved in a massive fraud in the name of the NEET Training Center.
That is why Joseph has been easily approached by Udit Surya's father, Dr. Venkatesan.
CBCID police are also examining the documents at Joseph's training center.
In Tamilnadu, the Nanguneri and Vikravandi constituencies's by-election will be held on the 21st of next month (October).
The Vikravandi constituency is contested by the TMC and the Nankuneri constituency has been handed over to the Congress.
Last night, All India Congress general secretary and Tamil Nadu minister Mukul Wasnik announced the name of the Congress candidate contesting Nankuneri constituency.
Kancheepuram North District President Ruby Manoharan (age 60) has been announced as the candidate.
Ruby Manoharan's hometown is Marayapuram, Kannyakumari.
He worked for the Indian Air Force for 15 years and then he run a construction company in Chennai.
On the occasion of Periyar's 141st birthday, in a special event, Periyar's Script Reform book was presented to 535 Malaysian Government Tamil schools.
Periyar's writing reform was introduced in bookkeeping and Menthakab Plantation Government Tamil Schools.
And the book will be sent to 535 Tamil schools in Malaysia.
In the first phase, the books were sent to 150 Tamil schools in Pahang and Selangor states.
There are more than 50 thousand students are studying in these schools.
It is significant that there are more than 7 thousand teachers are working.
This is a great opportunity for students and teachers to learn about Periyar's charity for Tamil.
MV Govindasamy addressed the gathering on the occasion of the launch of Dr. K Veeramani's work.
During the event, Sinnaya was honored with the Periyar Perundoondar Award.
The poet and former head teacher of Tamil school Periyar Perundoondar K. K. Raman read poetry about Periyar.
It is noteworthy that the poet Shanmugam of Taiping was also awarded the Rational Power Award.
There are revolutionary movements before and after Bhagat Singh.
However, the fact that Bhagat Singh and his comrades have given a new evolution and clear ideology to revolutionary movements and to the Indian politics.
We can still see a perception among the people that revolutionaries are just fools and ignorant of human life.
The period of Bhagat Singh gives us their humanitarianism, their thinking and their ability.
After the April 1929 bombing, Bhagat Singh's name became widespread in India.
A bit later, he was introduced toTamilnadu in 1930.
But within a year of his debut, his popularity has spread rapidly even in all corners of Tamil Nadu.
This is the most amazing news in history, and the name of any leader born in the North, including Gandhi, has not spread in Tamil Nadu in such a short time.
The reason is Thanthai Periyar.
An editorial was published in the Republican weekly magazine by the name of Bhagat Singh.
The editorial praised many of Bhagat Singh's character and offered some views on the political situation of the day.
Some parts from the ministry: -
"in fact, Bhagat Singh has fulfilled his principles all right and his models are the right religion. if he decides to do so, we will say that he is a good man.
So now we will call him a real man.
It is our strong opinion that India really needs Bhagat Singh's policy.
If Mr. Bhagat Singh had not been hanged and survived, there would have been no evidence of this success.
If Bhagat Singh had not been executed, Gandhi would still have done the same.
Bhagat Singh could have died as naturally, but his death showed equality, peace path to not only the Indian people but world also.
We heartfully appreciated Bhagat Singh because he achieved what an ordinarypeople cannot.
Thanthai Periyar noted it in the Kudiyarasu Magazine's editorial.
Dennis Turner, a guard who was on duty at the school where the incident took place, has been arrested for allegedly kicking the girl and teacher in the school.
In addition, the girl's hand was tied with a plastic tag and taken to the juvenile detention center in police car, where the girl was photographed carrying a nameplate as like criminals.
His fingerprint print have also been taken.
The information was later reported to the girl's family and handed over to her family.
It is not known whether he took another child to the police station.
Her grandmother, Kirkland, who agreed to release the identity of the little girl, told the media about this, saying that my granddaughter, who suffers from a sleeping problem called'Sleep Apnea ', is sometimes affected by the effect of the drugs used.
I was very shocked when I knew that he had been arrested for it, and that it was difficult for any 6-year-old to understand and explain it.
As a result of the rain floods in Uttar Pradesh, 73 people have died in 4 days and the weather portfolio has been issued red alert in most districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh.
Heavy rain in the last four days in the Bihar capital, Patna, has led to flood in several areas, with rail and road transport disrupted.
Several trains were cancelled this morning, as heavy rains lashed the states of Bihar.
Chief Minister Nitish Kumar held a consultation on video conferencing on yesterday.
Orders have been issued to close all schools until Tuesday.
Heavy rain has also hit Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, where several people have died in rain-related incidents in the past few days.
Uttar Pradesh received 3 per cent more rain than normal on Friday.
The eastern part of the state has been worst hit.
Yesterday, Prayagraj received 42.5mm of rain and Varanasi received 6.2mm.
That's far above the average rainfall in this year.
At least 26 people died in different parts of Uttar Pradesh yesterday.
In the two days before that, 47 people died.
Lucknow, Amethi, Hartai and other districts have been beset by floods due to heavy rains.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has ordered district collectors and zonal commissioners to take all necessary security and measures.
Six people were killed in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh in the last two days due to rain.
Three students have died after a wall of a government school collapsed at Thobwara in Rajasthan's Udaipur.
Three people, including a police constable, died in Madhya Pradesh on Friday.
Their bodies were discovered about a kilometre from the scene.
On the 24th, a report on the state of the world nuclear energy industry was released.
Michael Scheyder is the chairman of the committee that prepared the report.
According to the study, the nuclear energy sector has declined to 10.15 percent in 2018 from 17.46 percent in 1996 of the world's energy demand.
This fall shows that the attention of the world's countries is going beyond nuclear energy into renewable and long-lasting energy.
Renewable energy such as solar, wind power and hydroelectric energy are growing worldwide.
Each year, various organizations will publish a report on the state of the world nuclear energy industry.
According to a report released this year, the entire nuclear energy sector seems to be in decline.
The report notes that India's nuclear energy sector is at its worst.
Bilgates honored Indian Prime Minister Modi by giving the Global Goalkeeper Award for his outstanding performance in the Swachh Bharat program.
Prime Minister Modi-led central government in India has announced and implemented the "Clean India" program.
The scheme was introduced on 2-10-2014, the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi.
The project is aimed at building toilets in houses, public buildings and creating solid waste management.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore toilets have been constructed across the country.
Rural health coverage has been brought to 98 per cent of the villages.
It was announced that Modi would be awarded the International Achievement Award on behalf of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation of the United States.
Prime Minister Modi, who is on tour in the United States, was awarded the Global Goalkeeper Award today.
At a ceremony held today between the UN Security Council in New York, the world's richest man, Bill Gates, honored Modi with the award.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that Mahatma Gandhi's dream of cleanliness has now been fulfilled.
He said that the Swachh Bharat Mission has been fulfilled and the award is given to crores of Indians who have made it a part of their daily lives.
Modi pointed out that the World Health Organization has said that three lakh people have been rescued from various diseases by the Clean India Project.
The Ministry of Health has announced that the prevailing rains and floods may spread disease.
As a result, the Ministry of Health has advised to avoid unnecessarily step into water.
The Ministry of Health said that the disaster caused by heavy rains in many districts is currently not slowing down and the public will be aware of it.
Children and the elderly have been affected by floods and are being admitted to hospitals.
Dr. Hemantha Herath, the chief officer of the Health Ministry's Risk Center, has asked the affected people to pay more attention to health security.
The Ministry of Education has issued a media statement regarding the holiday lof teachers and principals.
The Ministry of Education said in a statement that consultations and recommendations have been made to resolve salary anomalies in the service of teachers and principals.
The Ministry of Education has said that it is a gross injustice to teachers and principals on their sick leave to serve as the recommendation of the Public Services Pay Paradox is ready to be implemented from January 1st next year.
It is the right of employees to engage in union activities.
The ministry said that it was not challenged, however, despite the fact that the salary increase was a success for the union, which was used as a strategy to deceive its members, was not in accordance with the honorable profession of intelligence, such as teachers.
Education Minister Attorney-at-Law Akhilaviraj Kariyawasam said in parliament last July that the salary of teachers and principals has been increased by 106% and that the increase in salaries has been carried out by any government.
The Minister said in Parliament on June 7 that the teachers had submitted suggestions and recommendations to the Ministry of Education regarding the salary anomalies of the principals.
The allowance for principals has been increased from 650 rupees to 6,500 rupees.
The promotion work, which was delayed from 2015, has now been formally carried out.
The system for obtaining a pension has been implemented.
About 6,000 people were recruited to the service, restoring the chancellor's service from politics and contesting the shortcomings of the chancellor.
The training was given to teachers and principals in abroads, the recruitment of 25,000 teachers were carried out in the last four and a half years.
These are being promoted as the purpose of human resource development in the education sector, the Ministry of Education said in a media release today.
A complaint had raised against a Chennai student Udithsuriya that she impersonated in the NEET exam and joined Theni Medical College.
Subsequently, the case was transferred to CPCID.
After this, Udithsuriya disappeared with her parents.
In the meantime, the police caught Udisuriya and her father Venkatesan and mother Kaalivazhi on the hill of Tirupati yesterday.
The Goa court has filed a case against the Goa MLA  Adanasio Mansarate on the basis of a complaint that he had sexually abused a minor girl.
He was accused of raping a 16-year-old gril.
Last year, the police filed a 250-page FIR against him in the North Goa district court.
The hearing of the case begins on October 17.
Adanasio remains a member of the Panaji Constituency Assembly.
She is 55 years old, the alleged rape was in 2016, when the girl was 16 years old.
The woman had accused of drugging herself and was sold to Adanasio by her mother for Rs 50 lakh.
It is worth noting that Adanasio, who was arrested last year in 2016, is currently on bail.
Pak-occupied Kashmir has been hit hard by last evening's earthquake centered on Pakistan.
About 25 people were killed there.
More than 400 people were injured.
A 5.8 magnitude earthquake struck yesterday evening centering Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, leaving at least 25 people dead. 400 people, including women and children, are injured. Many of them are seriously injured, Pakistani officials said.
The quake was centered 22.3 kilometers north of the Zhelum River, along the border separating Punjab and occupied Kashmir, the US Geological Survey said.
The quake was centred on a 10km area.
It was felt in most parts of Punjab and in some parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
However, "the worst impact is in the (occupied) Mirpur district of Kashmir," according to Pakistan's chief meteorologist Mohammad Riaz.
Mirpur Divisional Commissioner Mohammed Tayyab said the epicentre of the earthquake was near the Jhelum River and it caused devastation in the middle parts of Jatlan and Gari Sharif, damaging hundreds of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure.
He said 12 people had died on the way to the headquarters hospital in Mirpur, while 13 have died in different villages between Jatlan and Gari Sharif.
The 150 injured are being treated at the T. H. Q. Hospital.
Many were sent to Rawalpindi for further treatment.
Mobile phone, telephone service and power supplies were cut off in rural areas.
Because of this, people are unable to inform or help their neighbors.
Election king Padmarajan has submitted his nomination to the election officer for contesting in the Nankuneri by-election.
Padmarajan from Veerakavalpur village near Mettur in Salem district contested in the election against Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalithaa, Karunanidhi and Rajasekhara Reddy and so on.
He contested in the presidential election against  Abdulkalam, Pranabmukerji and Ramnath Govind.
He had spent Rs 32 lakh on his own money for election deposit alone.
Don't think he is a wealthy man for that, but a middle-class family man.
He contested in the by-election for Nankuneri constituency and gave his nomination to the election officer Nadesan yesterday.
He says he is contesting for the 206th time in Nankuneri and that his aim is not to succeed but to make it to Guinness.
He claims to have already appeared in the Limca book and says he will stop contesting the election if he is featured in the Guinness Book of Records.
Padmarajan belongs to the record of losing the election most times in India.
NASA has released a photo proof of the Vikram Lander colliding into the ground of the moon.
NASA's LROC Orbiter has photographed the site where the Vikram Lander of the 28 Chandrayan-2 spacecraft crashed into the south pole of the moon.
The Vikram Lander of the Chandrayan-2 spacecraft, sent by ISRO, landed on the Moon's South Pole on the 7th.
But at the last moment the communication with it was lost.
It was thought that Vikram Lander had crashed to the ground of the moon instead of soft landing, due to that it may damaged and lost the communication.
In this case, NASA's LROC orbiter passed the south pole of the moon on the 17th.
At the time, Vikram Lane Durr has shot the plains between the landing chimp Lius N and Manzinus C in a very sophisticated manner.
It is certain that Vikram Lander was crashed first and landed on the ground.
That is why it has fallen a bit far from the area where it was supposed to land.
Commenting on this, John Keller, deputy director of NASA's LROC program, said: "the LROC orbiter passed the south pole of the moon on the 17th.
At that time, the dark shaded dusk pictures had been sent.
Exploring it, it was revealed that Vikram Lander crashed to the ground.
However, Could not find the exact spot where Vikram Lander landed.
The LROC Orbiter will pass the south pole again on the 14th of next month.
Since the light is good at the time, it is more likely that Vikram Lander will be shot," he said.
The ideology of both Prime Minister Modi and US President Trump is the same.
Modi is lobbying in favor of US President Trump without worrying about the economy.
At a seminar in Puducherry, Sitaram Yechury accused the federal doctrine of the central BJP regime become a questionable one.
The seminar was held on behalf of the Marxist Communist Party at the Puducherry Kamban Gallery on the topic of state rights and anti-people bills.
All India General Secretary of the Marxist Communist Party Sitaram Yechury participated in this seminar and delivered special speech.
Speaking at the seminar, he said the BJP's campaign for one nation, one culture, one election, one education system has questioned India's diversity.
If you reject the government anti-democratic actions, you can be arrested as a traitor.
The legislation has been introduced.
He accused that if anyone criticizing or posting on the social meida against BJP, they tagged him as terrorist and send him to prison which is human rights violations. And the country is currently experiencing an economic crisis.
Because people don't have power to buy.
But the government has given Rs 2 lakh crore to wealthy employers.
He urged everyone to participate in the protest from October 10 to 16 against the anti-people government.
"he said that the Prime Minister is lobbying Trump without worrying about the nation, and without worrying about the economy," he continued.
When a Bangladesh actor came to India for lobbying,  he was blocked by the Indian government.
But Modi has traveled to the US to lobby for Trump to become president again.
Modi has ensured that the ideology of the two is the same.
Federal doctrine has come into question in the central BJP regime.
Sitaram Yechury accused the constitutional pledges of being destroyed.
Tamilnadu's secretary of the Marxist Communist Party Balakrishnan, Puducherry secretary Rajangam and other important leaders were present at the seminar.
Agriculture, Rural Economic Affairs, Livestock Development, Irrigation and Fisheries and Aquatic Resources Development Minister P Herison has said that all farmers who have been registered with the Agricultural Insurance Board will be paid compensation within two weeks.
The Agricultural Insurance Council has been advised in this regard.
Under this, 3,000 farmers who have paid insurance installments for Ampara, Moneragala and Adimalai areas will be compensated for the impact of production.
The Minister made these remarks during a discussion on Village Economy held at the Ministry of Rural Economy.
Postal voting for the Elpitiya Pradeshiya Sabha elections will take place tomorrow.
Elections Committee Chairman Mahinda Deshapriya said that tomorrow those who are unable to vote by post will have the opportunity to cast their vote by post on the 4th of next month.
The facilities have been arranged at the Galle District Elections Office.
In order to vote by post, the National Identity Card or the Election card issued by The Election Commission must carry.
Two libraries and a Mayyam were opend on Periyar's birthday in Malaysia
Patang State, Menthakab Garden:
About 100 students have been studying in this Tamil-medium school which was founded in 1928.
The Periyar Library was opened by estate executive (Saba) and dravidian movement worker Govindasamy at 17-9-2019.
The event was chaired by the head of the school Niraiamali Uma who presided over the function.
Members of the Board of Administration of the School, Members of parents Teachers Association and Periyar Volunteers Aavudaiyar, Raman, and Chinnaiah were present.
The students were given a flavoured water drink and fruit.
Periyar's texts were gifted to the school's teachers and students.
Bukidraja Garden, Killon City:
About 160 students attend the Tamil-mediudm school here.
Periyar Maiyam was set up here.
About 500 books were given to the center.
Mallika Palaniyandi, the headmaster of the school, presided over the event.
Periyar Volunteers and Dravidar Club Companions were present.
The students were given a flavored drink.
Periyar's texts were gifted to the teachers.
Gadong Estate, Banting Nagar:
There are about 100 students and 15 teachers in this Tamil-medium school.
Ms. Kanakam, the school's deputy headmaster, took the lead for this  event.
The Periyar Library, which was received over 400 books as gift, was opened on 23.9.2019.
Students were given flavored waters.
Periyar's texts were gifted to the teachers.
The above programmes were organized by Mu. Govindasamy.
It is noteworthy that Periyar's work had been explained to the three schools.
It is noteworthy that the Tamilian leader Dr. K. Veeramani has been consistently briefed on the Periyar work.
Left-wing coalition candidate Mani C. Kappan has won the by-election in Kerala's Bal Assembly constituency.
K M Mani was a member of the Congress coalition even though he started his own party after step away from the Congress.
K. M. Mani is a political leader who has nevre lost an election in the history of Kerala.
K. M. Mani, Union Minister of State for various departments of Kerala, passed away last April due to ill health.
Due to this by-election for the Bala assembly constituency was announced.
The election for the constituency was held on the 23rd.
Left-wing candidates in this constituency were Mani C. Kappan, Congress alliance candidate Josesh Tome Pulikunnell and BJP candidate Kottayam Hari contested in this constituency.
The votes casted in the election were counted this morning.
Left-wing candidate Mani C. Kappan got 54,137 votes and won.
The Congress coalition candidate who contested against him received 51,194 votes.
Left-wing candidate Mani C. Kappan won by 2,943 votes.
Kottayam Hari, who contested as BJP candidate, received 18,044 votes.
In the 2016 election, the BJP received 24,821 votes.
The BJP has lost 6,000 votes in the current by-election.
The Congress coalition has dominated the Bala constituency for the past 54 years.
The Left has now ended this domination.
Heavy rains are expected in the sea areas from Batticaloa to publicly in Matara due to the prevailing downpour in the southwestern part of the country.
Showers or thundershowers will occur in the face of sea areas from Kankesanthurai to Trincomalee to Batticaloa.
Other coastal areas around the country may experience showers or thundershowers in the evening or at night.
Winds will be blowing southwesterly in the seas around the country and wind speeds of up to 10 to 30 kilometers per hour.
During thunderstorms, these areas' wind speed may temporarily speed up to 70 to 80 kg.
The Department of Meteorology has issued a weather forecast for the sea area, saying that the sea will be temporarily turbulent in such cases.
At a meeting in New York City, Prime Minister Modi urged India to be included in the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has visited the United States for 7 days.
Prime Minister Modi will address the Annual General Meeting tomorrow at UN.
He has participated in various events and met world leaders.
As part of this, he met US President Trump at the Howdy Modi event in Houston, USA.
The two leaders discussed various issues including bilateral friendship, industry, trade, security, global issues, Kashmir.
This was followed by a meeting of CEOs of US companies at the Bloembok World Business Forum in New York City yesterday.
Prime Minister Modi, who participated, said: -
Fuel production using nuclear energy is still a challenge for India.
This is because India is not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
If India gets that opportunity, the world will be a role model.
Thus Prime Minister Modi spoke.
The nuclear delivery group controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
India continues to take various steps to become a member of this group.
While India's visit was supported by the US and other countries, China opposed India's signing of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
However, last March, six US companies announced that they would build nuclear power reactors in India.
Old people have been found near Pallipalayam.
Power workers dug a pit to plant a power plant at Kokarayanpet in Bharathinagar near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district yesterday (Sept. 26).
One pot was found in it.
When the pit was constantly dug, it became known as the old people.
Bones were found inside.
The Informed Revenue Department went to the scene and collected the bones in the basement.
In this regard, he said, "Kokarayanpet is located on the river.
Therefore, if the archaeological department examines, we can find many more historical symbols. "
The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), the higher body for technical education, is carrying out periodic renovation and improvement of the curriculum for engineering education.
The curriculum designed by AICTE is being followed by higher education institutions for engineering education.
The university administration is designing the curriculum for colleges affiliated with Anna University.
According to the guidance issued by the AICTE in June 2019, this year, students enrolled in engineering education should choose 3 subjects in 32 non-subject subjects and study in the 3rd, 4th and 5th semester.
The list includes 32 subjects such as technical education, values and charity, charity and the best lifestyle, shadowing and videotaping.
Students enrolled in the first year class in four colleges - Anna University Colleges College of Engineering Kindi, School of Architecture and Planning, Alagappa College of Giniaring and Madras Institute of Technology, Chrompet, chose course by subject.
In it, B. Tech (Information Technology) students chose a philosophy course in a total of 12 subjects.
In the 5th section of the Philosophy Course, titled "Knowledge Energy," which is said in the Gita, the Bhagavad Gita is a lesson of Krishna's teachings to Arjuna to keep the mind in tune.
Meanwhile, there has been fierce opposition in Tamil Nadu to the sudden release of the Bhagavad Gita by the Anna Dental University.
Leaders, academics, student organizations and writers, including Dravidar League President Editor K. Veeramani and DMK leader General Muhammed K Stalin, have protested against this, saying it is against secularism and adding religious matters to the curriculum in the secular country.
It has been announced that the protest will be held on behalf of the DMK student team near Anna University on October 1, in protest of the sudden release of the Bhagavad Gita.
Their aim is to embrace all people with equality
Housing Construction Culture Minister Sajith Premadasa said his intention was to embrace all people without race, religion and party differences with equality
During a media briefing held in Colombo yesterday.
Based on this, the Declaration of Democracy's principle of pride for the motherland will be released soon.
There is no disincentive for strengthening executive power.
He said no relatives worked in his ministry or its institutions.
Minister Sajith Premadasa said that those involved in corruption will not be included in the presidential election campaign or political travel.
The DMK leadership has dropped 68 MLAs on the field for the by-election.
By-elections for both Vikravandi and Nankuneri will be held on October 21.
In it, the DMK and the Congress in Nankuneri are contesting the AIADMK.
The DMK leader is said to have consulted with Stalin's district secretary Ponmudi as the AIADMK will duff the idol in the Vikravandi constituency.
The DMK leadership has appointed 68 MLAs as the trustees of the by-election.
Stalin has exempted only 32 MLAs from the southern districts.
He has also asked the Congress to be committed to Nankuneri constituency.
The President of the Vikravandi Electoral Commission, Ponnum, Jagathrakshagan M. P has also been appointed as Secretary.
A. Angayakkanni, Salem Selvakanapti, A K S Vijayan and others have been appointed.
In addition, 10 MPs are also involved in the by-election.
After the parliamentary elections, the DMK leadership did not employ anyone during the elections in Vellore alone.
Stalin said, "Consider your work as usual."
Now they have an assignment.
Former Bengaluru Police Commissioner Shankar's house was raided by CBI.
The CPI is conducting a raid on the home of a former police commissioner in Bengaluru on the issue of pasting the phone of political figures.
In Karnataka, the Bharatiya Janata Party ruled after the Kumaraswamy-led government collapsed.
Yeddyurappa was sworn in as Chief Minister.
Bhaskarrao, who was appointed as the Bengaluru City Police Commissioner, caused a stir when an audio conversation with a party leader for the post of Kamyappu Shaner was released.
The Bharatiya Janata Party has complained that the phone contact has been asked by the Kumaraswamy regime.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders continued to complain that a total of 300 telephone conversations were heard by Siddaramaiah, the co-ordinator of the BJP and the coalition government, his aides and some leaders of the secular Janata Dal party, including M.L.A.s and top officials.
The party leaders urged the government to investigate and take action.
Senior Congress leaders including Mallikarjuna Karke, Siddaramaiah and former police minister M P Patil urged him to investigate.
Explaining the matter, Kumaraswamy said that he was not asking for anyone's phone and that the complaint was untrue and was ready for any investigation.
This phone-tapping affair has caused a great storm in Karnataka politics.
Chief Minister Yeddyurappa recommended an inquiry into the matter.
A case has been registered and the matter is being investigated.
Today, CBI officers raided the house of former police commissioner Alekumar in Bengaluru.
The raid is being carried out on the information that he has stored in a Pentagon with information on the affairs of political figures.
Only after the test is over will it be revealed whether or not the pentrive was trapped?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today delivered a speech on behalf of India at the United Nations General Assembly.
At the time, he was vehemently against terrorism.
In his speech, he reminded the people of India, Buddha, Vivekananda, Ganiyan, Poonkunnar, who lived on earth.
Modi said: our country, there is no war, has given the world the message of peace of Buddha.
This is why we have always been vocal against terrorism.
We warn the world not to fall into the clutches of the monster of terrorism.
3000 years ago, the best scholar who lived in India, Ganyan, sang in the world's oldest Tamil language, "Yadhu Oore, yaavarum keelir."
This means that we own all the space.
The fact that everyone is our cousin.
This is the uniqueness of India.
We do not see terrorism as a challenge for India.
We see it as an act against the whole world and humanity.
So the whole world must rally against terrorism.
125 years ago, the great spiritual guru Swami Vivekananda presented this message to the world at the World Religions Conference in Chicago.
That message is, "Reconciliation and peace are needed.
And there are no considerations or differences.
Today, I am saying the same on behalf of the largest democratic country in the world.
'reconciliation and peace 'is our message to the world.
Modi thus stated in his speech.
Sajitha Premadasa is contesting the Sri Lankan presidential election as Ranil's United National Party candidate.
The Sri Lankan presidential election will be held on November 16.
Gotabhaya Rajapaksa is contesting as Sri Lanka's PA candidate for Mahinda Rajapaksa in the election.
Parties including the JVP have announced candidates.
Prime Minister Ranil's United National Party (UNP) candidate was confused.
As for Ranil, it was said that he wanted to contest the presidential election.
It was also reported that Chancellor Maithripala Sirisena was also making efforts to make a public appearance.
His belief is that Ranil could win the Tamil vote if he contested.
Sirisena's account is that he can easily win if Ranil is sent to jail without contesting.
But both of these have gone unfulfilled.
Sajitha Premadasa is currently the candidate of the United National Party.
Sajitha is the son of former President Premadasa.
Sajid has emerged as the chancellor's candidate by uniting his supporters.
Speaking at a large public meeting held in the Kalutara and Mathugama area yesterday, Sajitha did not run for president under anyone's conditions.
Ranil spoke indirectly as I had self-esteem.
Former minister and legislator V. Velu said that Father Periyar's reservation in Tamil Nadu was in danger.
The birthday of Father Periyar and the great brother Anna was celebrated on Thursday in the Vidya Educational Forest.
Director P Selvarasan of Divya Educational Institutions, presided over the function.
Former Minister A W. Velu spoke to the students as the guest of honor:
Many kings, including Cheran, Chola, Pandiyan, Chalukyas and Krishna Deva Royer, did not ask women to learn during the Ad Chic period.
But Periyar strove for women to study, their livelihood to rise, and equal rights in property.
The man who processed it was the scholar Anna.
Along the way, the DMK leader's rule came from the reservation of women, equal rights in property, balanced education and eligibility.
The reason for all this was Father Periyar.
Father Periyar's policy at the time was in danger.
We are disappointed with the name of NEET today, as we are creating many doctors on the basis of merit through balanced education.
The event was chaired by Senthil Kumar, Secretary to the Institutions, Vice President Praveen Kumar and Executive Advisor Teaching Praveenkumar.
Polur legislator K. V. Sekaran, former legislators Rajendran, Pandurangan, Chawal Pundi Sundaresan, Chetu and DMK City Secretary Murugan Aghi addressed the gathering.
Polytechnic College principal Murugan thanked.
The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development University held a number of competitions for students at the World Tourism Day at Tamil Nadu Hotel in Madurai.
The hotel's chefs prepared 101 dishes.
They had small grains, Madurai-based foods, various juices, broths, joint fries, snacks and sweets.
Northern state and foreign food were prepared.
They said that all kinds of food available in normal hotel to five-star hotels will be available in Tamil Nadu hotel
The Infatuation Protrain and Seek Foundation held a one-day placement camp at Jerusalem College, Chennai.
It was attended by more than 26 banks and non-banking financial institutions.
More than 7,000 youth and students participated.
Speaking at the event, Balaji, Managing Director of Infiltrators, said he was proud of the bank companies who had participated in the event that more than 1,500 young people could get jobs.
We organized this camp to benefit unemployed graduate youth and students.
Otherwise, we have been free of any money from students or institutions.
He said that our goal is to continue to create an unemployment society in such a job camp.
An excavation is underway on behalf of the Tamil Nadu Archeology Department under the Sivagangai district near Madurai.
The excavations are currently underway for 15 days as they are said to be completed on September 13 and September 30.
In this case, the public and archaeologists and students from various places in Tamil Nadu are visiting.
Minister Mafa Pandiyarajan has said that the museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains found underneath.
Initially he said the museum would be worth Rs 1 crore.
The US has urged India to ease the restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and expedite the release of all detainees.
Speaking at the 74th meeting of the United Nations, US Under Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs Alice Wells said:
It is worrying that a large number of people have been detained in the Jammu and Kashmir Valley.
The Government of India should start political activities in the state.
Elections should be held quickly, as already promised.
Restrictions should be relaxed in Jammu and Kashmir and the release of detainees.
Alice Wells urged the Government of India to take action fast.
Earlier, it was reported that US President Donald Trump wanted to mediate on the Jammu and Kashmir issue.
This was strongly opposed by the Indian side.
The United States later withdrew its view.
Following this, Prime Minister Modi traveled to the United States to attend the UN General Assembly.
Modi and Donald Trump first participated in the Howdy Modi event in Houston.
The two later took part in various events together.
At the time, Trump hailed Modi as India's father Prime Minister.
The US is currently pressuring India on the Kashmir issue.
It has been decided at the meeting of the Ayyadi Council that the fees will be increased 10 times in all technical educational institutions in India.
The AYT Institute of Technical Education (IITs) plays a key role in creating talented students across India.
The meeting was held on 28.9.2019 chaired by Union Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal, comprising the Director of 23 AIT Educational Institutions under the Ministry of Human Resources Development.
The decision taken at the meeting has shocked students and the public.
M. Tech has been decided to increase the fees for study 10 times in AIT institutions.
All Ayyids in India are charged only from Rs 20,000 per semester to Rs 50,000.
In this case, the fee has now been increased to Rs 2 lakh per visitor.
Out of the 12,000 students studying for the first year of the academic year 2019-2020, 9,280 students have received scholarships. M. Tech has decided to terminate the monthly stipend of Rs 12,400.
The central government will reduce funding to Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, Kharagpur, Kanpur, Roorkee and Guwahati.
The central government has raised the fee to collect the funds from students to deal with the reduction funds.
In addition, the ministry is said to have advised the respective companies to take up the development work of the construction work done by the respective technical institutions.
Since coming to power, the BJP has been blocking education for the common people, reducing funding for primary education in the 2015 financial report, followed by drastically reducing education funding in every financial report.
This was followed by the continued running of the large number of educational institutions to facilitate private educational institutions.
In this context, the new education policy has imposed a number of regulations requiring educational institutions to operate with the funds of private institutions without giving any importance to the state education institutions.
With this, the central government is pushing the affluent to study from basic education to higher education and is working to take India's prosperous counter-illiterate country back centuries.
Former IAS officer Kalpura Sundarapandian received the book of Ranu's "Caramel Art" published by Kalambur Sankara Subramaniam, editor of Kalamazoo.
The "Cartunist" book publishing by S. K. Ramanujam, the late "cartoonist," was held at the Russian Cultural Center in Chennai on Sunday.
The function was presided over by P. Thangappan, Secretary, Indo-Russian Business Association.
At the event, Kalamagala Magazine editor Keelambur Sankara Subramaniam released the first book, which was received by former IAS officer and head of the Siddhar Research Center R. Kambura Sundara Pandian.
Speaking at the event, the guest of honor, camphor Sundarapandian said: -
The late cartoonist Ranu alias Ramanujam was one of the best cartoonists.
Ranu has created a large number of students through the Cartoon Research and Education Foundation.
In general, even someone who is celebrated by the world is not celebrated by his family.
On the contrary, the family is proud that the cartoonist Ranu has been publishing the book he wrote even after his death.
Ranu disappeared, but he would have lived through his works and this book for a long time.
Speaking of Keelampur Sankara Subramaniam, S. K. Ramanujam was one of India's leading cartoonists.
He traveled all over the world and provided mock exercises.
He was a creative artist in caricature creation.
Ranu is a professional not only in painting, but also in cartoonist and animation.
Over the past 30 years, he has conducted mock art research in line with the Indian context.
He said that through the students created by him, he would live long by his writings and caricatures.
Thank you, Mr. Bhupathi, Coordinator of Ranu Cardoon Research and Educational Foundation.
Nallathambi and TV executive C. Pereira and others were present.
The DMK has questioned Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy as to how many of the barricades built during the AIADMK regime for the past 8 years.
In a statement issued by the party's treasurer Duraimurugan, the chief minister has criticized the public works department for not knowing any details.
In his statement, DMK Treasurer Duraimurugan said that the water being opened in Kaveri is mixing in the sea in vain due to the disinterest of the government - and the lack of administrative capacity.
On the way to Cauvery, our leader M. K. Stalin expressed his concern over the responsibility of being the Leader of the Opposition of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly, saying that the government had no plans to detain it.
Edapadi Palanisamy, who spoke in response to the Chief Minister, said, "Do you blame us?
"what I want to say to him is that in the rule of the DMK, we have blocked the Kamayanur rule in Kaveri.
Without even knowing that, Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy, who is in charge of the Public Works Department, can speak without truth?
The barrier built at Mayanur increased the earth's water level.
And so agriculture flourished.
So thousands of people from the area who are still benefiting today, thank the government of the club for all the day.
As required by the time, the barrier was built by the government of Mayanur.
At that time, there was no need to build more barricades.
If there was a need, the then Chief Minister, the artist would have given permission for it, allocated funds and stepped up the work
Therefore, it is nowhere near to blame the corporation for the welfare of the Kaveri.
I ask; How many barricades have you built in Kaveri in the last eight years of the rule of thumb?
Another question; We have built more than 40 dams in Tamil Nadu during the DMK rule.
Can you point to at least one dam, the dam built by the successive regimes?
Don't lie.
If the opposition leader's allegations are in response to their allegations, we are building or planning to build in the places where there is a barrier.
Leaving it, I am obliged to point out that it is not a civilized act or beauty for the Chief Minister of the country to talk about the fact that the Cauvery barrier is not built in the rule of the government. "
State Bank of India has decided to set interest on a repo basis from October 1.
In view of the economic growth in the country, the RBI has continued to reduce the short-term loan interest (repo) in 4 tranches by 1.1 per cent so far.
But it is alleged that the banks did not provide half of it to customers.
Banks are currently determining interest in MCLR.
From October 1, the Reserve Bank of India has ordered the implementation of interest rates based on the Treasury Bill and the repo interest rate issued by the government for short-term lending.
Accordingly, the State Bank of India (SBI) has announced that it has decided to set home, auto loans and small and medium loans as a measurement of MCLR ratio from October 1.
The Sri Lanka Administrative Service Association has decided to temporarily suspend its trade union activities.
President of the Association Prabhat Chandrakeerthi said that the decision was taken due to tomorrow's discussion with the Cabinet delegation and the process of accepting applications for postal voting in the presidential election.
He expressed confidence that the administrative services, including the Department of Registration, Immigration, Emigration Department and the Commissioner of Motor Traffic would be routine.
Pratat Chandrakeerthi added that the Public Administrative Service Association expects that tomorrow's meeting with the Cabinet sub-committee and the upcoming Cabinet meeting on Tuesday will be a positive outcome.
Cricket match between Pakistan teams today.
The first match of the one-day series between Sri Lanka and Pakistan cricket teams begins today in Karachi.
The match will start at 3.30pm Sri Lanka time.
A rivalry between the two countries is currently taking place 10 years later in Pakistan.
Sri Lanka's manager Ashantha Dimel said he was satisfied with the security provided to the Sri Lankan team in Pakistan.
He said that the security or equivalent of a head of state has been provided to the Sri Lankan cricket team.
Three one-day internationals and three T20 matches between Sri Lanka and Pakistan will be played.
Maikalkavap and Yoovilson have been appointed by the International Cricket Council as referees in the one-day tournament.
The Malaysia-bound plane had a technical fault and was diagnosed when it went on the runway.
As the plane was stopped, 174 passengers survived.
Malindo's flight from the Malaysian capital, Kuala Lumpur, arrives daily at 10.35 pm.
It then leaves Trichy for Kuala Lumpur at 11.25 pm.
As usual, the plane arrived in Trichy last night.
The plane later left Trichy for Kuala Lumpur.
There were 174 passengers on that flight.
On its way to the runway, the pilot detected a technical fault in the plane's eliminator.
He then put the plane on the runway.
The plane was then brought to the airport and stopped.
Engineers were involved in the process of correcting the technical disorder.
This caused passengers to sit on the plane for two hours.
But since the technical disorder could not be corrected, all passengers were taken off the plane.
138 passengers were subsequently housed in a private hotel.
Other travelers went back to their homes after changing their air travel dates and canceling their plane tickets.
If the incident had taken off with a technical fault, the plane may have crashed.
But the pilot, because of a timely diagnosis of a technical disorder, did not take off.
It is noteworthy that 174 passengers survived.
In this case, the technical problem on the plane was corrected.
The flight, with 138 passengers, departed Kuala Lumpur at 5 pm yesterday.
More than 5,000 people across the country have been affected by dengue fever spread by AIDS in India, the Indian Health Department said.
Thousands of people have been infected with dengue fever in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry so far.
Dengue fever is spreading rapidly in Tamil Nadu and New slums.
A 12-year-old girl in Chennai and a student in Krishnagiri died yesterday, an Indian media reported.
135 of the Chennai government hospitals are receiving treatment.
It has been raining in various parts of Tamil Nadu for the past few days.
Subsequently, special teams have been formed on behalf of the municipal administration and the health department throughout Tamil Nadu and the dengue fever is being monitored.
The health department has advised people suffering from dengue fever to seek treatment at government hospitals.
The deadline for linking of Aadhaar with PAN is extended till December 31.
The deadline for linking the Aadhaar number with the Permanent Income Tax Account Number (PAN number) has been extended till December 31.
The extension of the time limit for PAN-Aadhaar link by the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) is the seventh time.
The Central Government has already extended this deadline for six months from March 31 to September 30.
This period has now been extended for a further three months.
The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) issues a 12-digit ID number for each citizen of India.
The Income Tax Department provides an ID number and letter in the number of Permanent Income Tax Account Number (PAN number) to the individual who pays income tax and the company.
On July 1, 2017, the Central Board of Direct Taxes announced that the Aadhaar number should be linked to the income tax number.
Thereafter, the time for Aadhaar-PAN link was extended several times.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court, which heard the case against the issuance of Aadhaar cards to citizens, ruled in September last year that the Aadhaar scheme would be legal.
The Supreme Court also ruled that the Aadhaar number is mandatory for paying income tax.
Meanwhile, when filing the income tax account, the Aadhaar number instead of the PAN number was announced in the Central Public Budget on July 5.
DMK leader Muhammed Stalin visited the Tamil culture of Vaikai Karai in person today.
According to Sangam literature, the biological system of blood and flesh is the life of a Tamil who lived; The following results revealed that it was not fiction.
The civilization of the north on the banks of the Ganges began in the 6th century.
But in the 6th century BC, Tamils lived the highest urban life on the south side of the Vaigai River; According to excavation evidence, the Tamils have proved scientifically that they lived the best of literate knowledge.
The results of the excavation create the status of rewriting the history of the Indian subcontinent.
A large number of civilians visit the underground excavation site which is of great pride for every Tamil.
Recently, the chief coordinator of the Tamil party Seeman visited the ground floor.
Following him today, DMK leader Muhammed Stalin went to the ground and visited the excavation sites.
He was accompanied by many prominent executives of CPM M S Venkatesan and DMK.
In this regard, Stalin uploaded a video on his Twitter page titled "When he visited the subordinate land that made the world aware of Tamil civilization dating back 2600 years."
Trump demanding an investigation into the president of Ukraine!
The White House has confirmed that Donald Trump's phone call to Ukraine's president to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden, who is likely to run for president on behalf of the Democratic Party, is true.
The disqualification motion has been proposed against Trump in the House of Representatives on behalf of the Democratic Party, claiming that it was wrong to pressure the US leader.
Six committees have been set up on the orders of Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy and an inquiry has begun into the Chancellor's action.
Trump telephoned Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky on July 25 last year, so investigate, "Trump said at the time.
The White House has officially released the statement of the two presidents yesterday.
It has therefore been acknowledged that it is true that this conversation took place.
At the same time, Donald Trump, speaking to reporters outside the United Nations meeting, made the request friendly.
The Ukrainian president said there was no pressure.
But one thing to note is that the US government has abruptly suspended $400 million worth of aid to Ukraine.
Then some time later the funds were allocated.
Democrats are tying the knot with Trump's remarks to the president.
So this incident has begun to raise a storm in American politics.
Joe Biden, son, Hunter In April 2014, was appointed Tariff Board Member of Burisma Holdings, Ukraine.
Significantly, the company was involved in the extraction of natural gas in Crimea, a Ukrainian peninsula annexed by Russia.
The investigating officer who investigated the misconduct complaint against the company Burisma Holdings was dismissed.
The Republican Party has accused Joe Biden of involvement.
But Hunter denies the allegations that his father used his business for business.
The state official's affair with journalists in the presence of school minister Sengottaiyan has caused a stir.
Minister Senkotayan inaugurated the drinking water project at Nalanayakanpalayam near Gopi in Erode district.
While reporters were taking pictures of him, Muthalingam, the assistant of the Tamil Nadu Drinking Water Supply Board, was standing in a hurry.
As a result, reporters have voiced, "Sir, sir, keep back a little while."
Then he spoke to reporters who said, "Who are you pushing, what are you?"
Upon learning of his presence at the bar, Minister Sengottaiyan ordered him to leave immediately.
Following this, top officials chased Muthulingam not to be at the ceremony and leave immediately.
However, more than 15 journalists took to the road demanding departmental action against Assistant Operator Muthalingam.
Informed about this, Minister Sengottaiyan contacted the top officials of the Erode District Tamil Nadu Drinking Water Supply Board and asked Letp and Wright what they would dare to come to the government ceremony.
He also asked for the suspension of Muthalingam.
Minister Pandiyarajan said that in the 5th phase of the excavation, there is a historical trace of the global popularity.
In the presence of Jayakanthan, KVIC and Minister of State for Rural Industries G Bhaskaran, Minister of Tamil Governance Language and Tamil Culture Minister K. Pandiyarajan visited the media and told reporters:
The 5th excavation is a turning point in the Sangam historical survey in Tamil Nadu.
It is a rich area from the 6th century BC to the 1st century AD.
The evidence currently available is based on the urbanization on the banks of the Vaigai River.
The study concludes that the period of scientific excavations in the underground excavation is more than 100 years old, and that Tamil was a literate society in the 6th century BC.
The study has also been sent to Deccan College, a postgraduate and research institution, for scientific analysis of samples of 70 bone bones uncovered by the study.
These artifacts were classified according to nature in the analysis, which identified Dimilkalai with herding species such as buffalo, goats, wild boar, reindeer and peacocks.
The study involves the use of cows, buffaloes and goats for agriculture, and some animals such as reindeer, walnut and wild boar, which are found in some animal models.
When they saw it, they began to make their way to the ground, and when they were ready to lay their eyes on it they began their journey to the mountains.
Samples of roof tiles and fertilizer applied to the bricks of limestone have been sent to the Vellore University of Technology for analysis.
Each of these contains minerals such as silicon, lime, iron, aluminum and magnesium.
The museum is in the process of setting up a museum at the main site at an estimated cost of Rs 20 crore to protect such rare species.
The 5th phase of the excavation work will be extended for two weeks.
Similarly, Tamil Nadu and Tamil Culture Minister K. Pandiyarajan said that the state government will work together with the central government in the next four years.
The event was attended by Manamadurai legislator S. Nagarajan, former parliamentarian Senthilnathan, Assistant Director of Archaeology Jeevanandam, Guardian Assambi, Thiruppvanam Vattakshi Raja and government officials.
On the occasion of World Elders Day on behalf of the Andhra Club, the Aseana Subham Elders Residential Company held an elderly costume parade, a game and a celebration.
92-year-old grandmother danced to the song Adubambe.
Ramanan, who was chosen as the best elderly couple, was presented with the prizes by actress Ambika, singer L R Eswari and Poornima Kumar.
Virgo Ewants Purnima Kumar had arranged the events.
Industrialist Nalli Kuppusamy Chetty, actress Ambika and singer L R Eswari were present.
15 grandmothers attended the fashion show.
Haripriya took the top spot.
Surekha, Radhika 2nd and 3rd place.
The gorgeous grandfathers marched wearing fashion outfits.
Manik topped the list and Kannan finished 2nd.
Susan, Kala and Vanaja won as the best dance grandmothers.
Ramanan Couples topped the Mrs Chennai contest and Srinivasan - Balambal Couples finished 2nd.
A family of elderly people attended and encouraged them.
Lalitha Adubambe, 92, sang the song.
Virgo Ewants Purnima Kumar said that Women's Day and Valentine's Day should be celebrated as an old man's day.
Labor Commissioner Muthumanikam attends International Labor Organization meeting.
The International Labour Organization is the only tripartite forum of the United Nations.
Labor laws in all countries of the world are enacted on the basis of the traditions and recommendations of the International Labor Organization of the United Nations.
A review of such conventions and recommendations is being held in Geneva, Switzerland, at the premises of the International Labor Organization, until the 27th.
The meeting will discuss, discuss and address all legacy and recommendations of the House Committee.
Deputy Chief Labor Commissioner of the Ministry of Labor and Employment, Muthumanikam, who is representing the Government of India, was present at the meeting.
International trade unions, employers and governments from 187 countries are attending the tripartite meeting.
According to a press release issued by the Deputy Chief Labor Commissioner, this is the first time a deputy chief labor commissioner has been sent as a representative of India.
Actor Vijay's father and director S A Chandrasekhar arrived in Tuticorin today by plane from Chennai to attend an event at Nagercoil in Kanyakumari district.
At that time, Vijay was asked about his speech and A. Thi.
Responding to this, he said, "Subasree died in an accident when a banner fell on a bike on the road.
Everyone is talking about this incident.
Vijay also spoke about something that everyone was talking about.
The court asked, "Why have you not arrested those involved in Subasree's case yet?"
In this case, we do not know why ministers and MPs are against Vijay's comments only. Is Vijay's words on stage a symbol of entering plitics?"
Asked, "I don't know anything like that.
Let the man go, hurry up. "
Deputy Chief Minister O Panneerselvam today inspected the Tamil Nadu Cottage Transfer Board apartments at Vallieswaran Temple Estate in Chennai.
The most disrepair is the 488 apartments built in 1979-80.
The Deputy Chief Minister assured residents that the demolition of the old dwellings and the construction of new dwellings would be completed soon.
The Deputy Chief Minister said that at a project cost of Rs 67.89 crore, demolition of old apartments with an area of 200 square feet and spread over 400 square feet, new apartments with one bed room, one reception room, a bathroom and a toilet, are to be built soon under the scheme of Housing for All.
He said that with the finalization of the contract points for the project, the existing apartments would soon be demolished and the construction of new apartments would be accelerated.
The Deputy Chief Minister has ordered the officials of the Cottage Transfer Board and the Municipal Corporation of Chennai to maintain the area clean and healthy.
He said 6 lakh houses have been built so far for the poor and everyone will be given houses by 2023.
Ravi M. L. A. and officers went.
Carnatic music for young artists on behalf of Indira Shivasilam Foundation.
The Indira Shivasilam Foundation hosted the 7th annual "Anvesha Quest for the Best" concert at the Madras Music Academy.
"Anvesha Bala Vidwan" Competition introduced in 2018 provides a platform for emerging music artists to showcase their talents in Carnatic music in the presence of the renowned arbitrator from the music of "The Music Academy Advanced School of Karnataka" and the Indira Shivasilam Foundation Medal recipients.
Participants in the Anvesha Balavithwan competition were asked to upload their skills and performances in Carnatic music in the form of a video on the front page of the Indira Shivasilam Foundation.
This year, nearly 100 competitors, including a few participants from Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and U. S, Madhya Pradesh, participated in the competition.
The arbitration panel comprises Professor Ridha Rajan, Dr. R. S. Jayalakshmi, members of the Editorial Board from The Miucic Academy Advanced School of Karnatic Miusik and Dr. Bandula Rama, who receives the Indira Shivasilam Foundation Medal of the Year.
This year, the competition for artists from the 16-20 age group was introduced, apart from the categories of chance and instrumentalists (flutes and violins) for artists up to 10-15 years.
Participants in all three categories demonstrated their skills in an effective manner.
The following are the winners of the Anvesha 2019 competition:
Swadika, Dhruv S. Pathanki and Kamakshi Ambatiputhi and Abramaya Seshadri have won the Vatiyakaruvi category.
From the age of 16 to 20, R. D. Siam Raghav has won the category of artists.
Anvesha Referee Committee members Dr. Bandula Rama, Professor Ridha Rajan, Dr. R. S. Jayalakshmi and Sunita Subramanian of the Indira Shivasilam Foundation presented awards to the winners.
The audience and participants who came to see the event praised the Indira Shivasilam Foundation's efforts to preserve and preserve Karnataka music in the form of art among the emerging artists.
Pilates Foundation Award for Indian Girl Who Struggled Against Child Marriage.
A 17-year-old girl from Rajasthan has been awarded the "Changemaker" award on behalf of the Pilates Foundation for fighting child marriage and child labor.
Payal Jangid, 17, a girl from Hinzla village, 100 km from Jaipur, Rajasthan.
He campaigned vigorously against child marriage and child labor in his village.
He also carried out this campaign in some of the villages where Aru Gill was from his village.
So many marriages in those areas were blocked.
In honor of Boyle's act, he was announced on behalf of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
The award ceremony took place on Tuesday night in New York City, USA.
Boyle Jangit received the "Changemaker" award from Deputy General Secretary Amina J. Mohammed.
Award-winning Bin Boyle said, "There were so many problems in our village.
Especially the baby girl will not read the weed.
They get married at an early age.
The family decided to marry me at an early age.
At that time, I approached a social activist and convinced my father.
Subsequently, we held several rallies and protests against child marriage and demanding that children be sent to school.
We went to every house and made everyone aware of this.
Parents should give every child the opportunity to improve their lives. "
Jordan has been re-declared a two-month amnesty in the country.
The Foreign Employment Bureau said that Jordan's embassy had announced that the amnesty period, which began on September 22, would remain in effect until November 29.
Foreign workers who go to Jordan with a professional visa and stay without a visa for a period of time can flock to the country without paying any compensation during this amnesty.
However, the Yordan embassy said that foreigners who are illegally staying there on a tourist visa can leave after the visa is over.
It is noteworthy that such an amnesty was announced last February in Jordan for foreigners staying there illegally.
Is the BJP taking over the caste politics in Tamil Nadu?
It is said that the BJP will finally take up caste politics if it is somehow unable to keep the hammer and lotus in Tamil Nadu.
The first time Modi was Prime Minister, he was in a state of disrepair in Tamil Nadu.
After this, for the second time, during the ongoing MP elections, Amit Shah said, "I do not know what you will do. But we will make the lotus blossom in Tamil Nadu."
However, only 5 constituencies were able to compete.
Despite the BJP all over the country, the wave of protest in Tamil Nadu is on the rise.
This is above all the Muthalak, the Kashmir affair, the imposition of Hindi, one nation onelanguage.
Because everything is together, it is still in delay.
That is why the BJP leadership is reportedly in trouble with the BJP's chief executive, which has caused so much trouble that even the state leadership cannot be appointed.
On the one hand, the BJP is planning to somehow root the BJP in Tamil Nadu within the upcoming legislative elections.
The BJP leadership seems to have come to an end with a direct field report, intelligence report.
Accordingly, whether it is AIADMK or DMK, the idea that the 2 Dravidian parties do not give enough importance to the Nadar people and the people of the Vanniyar community.
It is also said that the Dravidian parties are upset.
The BJP has begun to take this tactic into its hands.
It has decided to honor or honor the respective social communities with an emphasis.
Telangana Governor, Tamil Nadu Soundararajan's appointment is something like that.
Similarly, the BJP government is also said to be of importance to high-ranking countries in ISRO.
It is true that if the BJP acts in such a way as to honor every race, the people of the respective race will be proud and happy.
Moreover, in any case, the BJP will not tolerate this caste politics.
At the same time, when Tamil Nadu is already mired in caste politics, it is not known whether these activities of the BJP will become more like pouring oil on the burning fire.
It is true that if the caste fire starts to burn, even the bald of the lotus, which is now a little bit of a famine in Tamil Nadu, will be burned in the same fire!
Wage worker killed by drunken Assamese near Villupuram
In an earlier clash near Villupuram Valavanur, Ilavaru Siva was cut down with a knife and killed by a wage worker.
There was tension as the assistant inspector who went to catch the culprit was also attacked with a knife.
Tanikairaj (28) is the son of a beggar from Kengarampalayam Colony near Villupuram.
Wage laborer.
Kasinathan's son Ayyanar, 33, from the same area.
They have been involved in frequent disputes and clashes in the area.
There are also cases against them at the Valavanur police station.
In this case, Iyanar, who is a young businessman, regularly drinks alcohol at night, possessing a knife and occasionally intimidating the public.
In this way, he was drinking alcohol on Saturday evening and threatened those on the road in the Kenkarampalayam colony.
At the time, Iyanar went to Tanikairaj's house due to prejudice and had a dispute with him at home.
In the confrontation, Younis Sivu also suddenly cut down the knife and Tanikairaj.
In this, Tanikairaj, who fell down in a flood, died on the spot.
Subsequently, Ayyanar wandered into the road, chasing the public with a knife.
Valanur Assistant Police Inspector Manikandan and police rushed to the scene and tried to catch him.
At the time, Assistant Inspector Manikandan was injured in a knife attack.
He was immediately admitted to a private hospital and treated.
Subsequently, the police caught Ayyanar and took him to the police station.
Villupuram DSP J Sankar, Valavanur police inspector Nandagopal and police rushed to the spot and investigated the incident.
Police security was put on hold in the Puduvai state border, Kenkarampalayam, in fear of murder.
On a complaint, the Valavanur police have registered a murder case and arrested Ayyanar and are conducting an intensive investigation.
Road Safety Camp and Awareness Rally was held on behalf of the New Prince Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Sciences and the Chennai Metropolitan Police Department (Madipakkam Traffic Police) next to Chennai.
M. Prabhakaran, Director of Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Science, New Prince welcomed all.
Other dignitaries present on the occasion included Chief Minister V Karunanidhi, Chief Minister Ve Uma Devi and Deputy Chief Minister A Mathiayus Pacheli.
L Naveen Prasad, Vice President of New Prince Education Group, inaugurated the Road Safety Awareness Camp.
Sivasankaran, the Madipakkam Traffic Inspector, participated as a special guest and flagged off the awareness rally and presented the students with a guide on road safety regulations.
Speaking at the time, he said that the need for road regulations should start with the students because they trusted their parents and this society.
Young people are the most affected in road accidents and such awareness programs should be compulsory in schools and colleges to prevent this.
The traffic rules should not be passed on to penalties, but everyone should follow the rules to protect your life.
Students must wear helmets when traveling in a two-wheeler and should not use a cell phone while driving.
Vehicles should be operated after learning the road rules properly.
Motorists should be able to cooperate adequately with traffic police.
Invoices of students can save lives if every college administration constantly monitors students' adherence to road rules.
The future of the country is in the hands of the youth and it is the duty of the traffic police and the public to protect such youth.
Assistant Inspector Ravikumar, Chief Guards Qandeban, Srinivasan and Thyagarajan were also present at the event.
It has been 42 years since Professor Senaka Vipile lost his life.
Prof. Senaka Vipile, the pioneer of national drug policy, has lost his life 42 years ago today.
He was brutally murdered on the island of Guyana.
He is the first Professor of Medicine in the country.
Prof. Senaka Vipile is the first faculty member of the Faculty of Medicine at Peradeniya University.
He expressed his views on drug sales carried out by the country's multi-national corporations and came under various pressure from these vendors.
The loss to the government of drugs imported into the country by various names is millions of rupees.
He thus highlighted to the government the need for national pharmacare.
He worked to provide 335 medicines to the sick at a reasonable cost and high quality.
Because of his actions, he has been the zeal of multiracial enterprises.
The mystery of his death has not yet emerged.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not utter any word on the Jammu and Kashmir issue during his speech at the United Nations today.
The 74th session of the United Nations is currently underway.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed India today.
In his speech, he called on the world to come together against terrorism.
He recalled the line of the Tamil scholar Ganiyan Poongundanar sung, Yadam and Ure all.
Modi boasted that India has been a major contributor to the solution to global warming problem and that India's contribution to global warming is limited and the solution is greater.
The Government of India is making a serious effort to make it a plastic-free country.
He said that India has a massive health insurance scheme.
Modi spoke in Tamil about the world's best opinion in the House.
But in no place in his speech, he made no mention of the Jammu and Kashmir issue.
The reason for this is that Jammu and Kashmir is a domestic affair of India.
Political observers say that while Pakistan wants this to be an international issue, Modi has not spoken any word on Jammu and Kashmir.
This has given the message to the world that Kashmir is India's domestic affair.
2,993 tribes have passed the literacy test in Kerala.
Of these, an 85-year-old grandmother has passed.
According to the 2011 census, 93.91 per cent of the population in Kerala was literate.
The Kerala State Government is making efforts to make this 100 per cent.
For this purpose, the State Literacy Commission was set up.
The Commission conducts classes and exams for people to be educated in each district.
Importantly, the Commission is making serious efforts to educate the tribals, fishermen and displaced workers.
In the meantime, literacy classes were held recently in February for people living in the tribal area of Wayanad district.
The exam was composed of 100 marks; 30 marks were assigned for reading, 40 for writing ability and 30 for mathematical knowledge.
It is mandatory to score 30 marks to pass the exam.
3,090 tribals from Wayanad district participated in the election.
The Literacy Commission said 2,993 of them had passed.
Among them is an 85-year-old grandmother.
S. Kannappan, Director of School Education, has ordered students studying in 27 government and government aided schools to be given textbooks and notebooks for the second season on October 3.
In this regard, he sent a circular to all District Primary Education Officers and District Education Officers on Wednesday:
Government and government aided schools have been provided free note books to all districts through DNPL.
Similarly, non-secondary textbooks have been sent by the Tamil Nadu Textbook Corporation.
All District Primary Education Officers are required to provide textbooks and notebooks to all government and government aided schools in their district by September 30.
He also said that on the first day after the quarterly holiday, principles should be advised to provide students free textbooks and notebooks for the second season.
