Today is the day to learn international information.
To this end, the Ministry of Mass Media has declared Information Month.
The tournament will begin on Oct. 15 and run through Sept. 15 next month.
A number of programmes to encourage people to act on the right to know information will be implemented during this period.
A law on information-gathering in Sri Lanka in 2016 will be passed in parliament.
This has taken place as a step towards further strengthening democracy.
Currently, this law is ranked as the fourth law in the world.
The use of plastic products has been banned at the BJP headquarters in Delhi.
There's also a ban on single-use plastic items such as water bottles.
India is currently preparing for the next election fiasco.
Elections in Maharashtra and Haryana are scheduled for 21st next month.
The results are due to be announced on the 24th of the same month.
The parties are now preparing very vigorously for this.
At this point, a meeting of the Election Committee was held in Delhi on behalf of the BJP.
PM Modi, BJP national president Amit Shah and BJP National Action chief J P Nadda were also compensated for the suggestion.
PM Modi was earlier compensated in March in consultation with the Election Committee of Bajavak.
He then spoke of avoiding plastic in his Independence Day speech.
He made the request to avoid single-use plastics.
At this stage, plastics that can be used collectively at the BJP headquarters are banned.
Importantly, the water bottles have been dropped altogether.
Water bottles have not been used in the entirety of the Bajaka Meet, which is taking place today.
In response, those arriving are given water in the Glass Jar.
The move is said to have been taken following PM Modi's demand.
It is to be noted that many Netizens are praising and commenting on the move.
Gulalai Ismail is a Pakistani immigrant.
A social activist, she has been a vocal advocate against child marriage, violence against women, malevolence and oppression that has been taking place there since childhood.
Khyber Pakhtunwa had posted on social media websites with evidence of sexual harassment by the Pakistan Army against women and girls from the Pashtun community, which is tribal in some areas including Balochistan Province.
Accordingly, a 'treason case' has been registered against Gulalai and the police in the country are actively trying to arrest him.
But Gulalai Ismail fled Pakistan with the help of friends and relatives and has been granted asylum in the United States.
Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan addressed the UN Council in New York yesterday.
"There are no militant organizations in Pakistan. So, we all have to unite against extremism," he said.
Police are investigating the incident in which a young man who used a cellphone as a charger was electrocuted.
Ramakrishnan was a resident of Ootapalli area near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district.
He is survived by his son Devendran (age 27).
He was working as a tower manager at a famous private cellphone company.
Yesterday afternoon, Devendran was charging his cell phone at his house and watching it.
Then suddenly electricity went out on Devendran.
He was badly injured in the throw-in and died pathetically.
The schoolgirl, who was reported missing, arrived at the scene and conducted an investigation.
Devendran's body was later sent to the Pallipalayam government hospital for autopsy.
A complaint was filed in this regard at the school police station.
Police have filed a case and are investigating.
The incident has caused a stir in the area.
The Supreme Court has categorically said that it cannot give a time frame for a day after October 18 to present arguments in the Ayodhya case.
The Supreme Court is hearing the appeal petitions filed against the verdict given by the Allahabad High Court in the Ayodhya case.
The hearing in the Supreme Court has been held on a daily basis since 6am last month.
The court has instructed the bench to conclude arguments by October 18.
The bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi is hearing the case.
An additional hour of questioning has been scheduled since last Monday.
During the argument yesterday, the Islamic establishment objected to a 2003 report by the archaeological department.
Commenting on the matter, the judges said, "If there is an objection on the Dollar Department's report, you may have raised it in the Allahabad High Court.
There you will get relief as per the law.
We will not allow it to be raised here," they said.
Meanwhile, the Ayodhya case was heard again today.
At the time, the Islamic Organizations' side said that if the archdiocese had objected to the report and wasted court time, we would have apologized.
Islamic organizations did not lose the right to ask questions on the archdiocese's report.
But the judges said the evidence could not be evaluated after it was accepted by the court.
The judges again indicated that arguments should be completed by October 18 in the Ayodhya case. Accordingly, both the Hindu and Muslim sides should specify the duration of their arguments to finish.
The justices said that not a single day could be given for arguments after October 18, which would be better if they delivered a verdict in the case in four weeks' time.
With the holidays coming up in October, Hindu organizations also said that only one lawyer will be allowed to advise on reactions on the ground.
Uttarakhand BJP Chief Minister Trivendra Singh has said indifferently that increasing the dosage of dengue pills will not do otherwise.
About 4800 people have been diagnosed with dengue in Uttarakhand.
Authorities have confirmed that three people have so far been affected by Dengue in Dehradun, and 1,100 in Haldwani.
In addition, four people have died in Dehradun and two in Haldwani.
In the state health department's report itself, the county showed that as of September 17, there had been eight deaths.
In response to a journalist's question about the high incidence of infection caused by mosquitoes in Uttarakhand, Trivendra Singh said, 'Dengue patients are going to be cured with paracetamol supplements of 500 milligrams of dosage, 650 milligrams of dosage.'
An explosion of a mystery object in a pooja chamber near Thiruvallur has caused a stir in the area.
Govindaraj (45 years old) lived in Thiruvallurai in the next semiautonomous region.
She is not married.
She knows Siddhavithiyam, Jyotirad and Yoga.
A native of Nanganallur, Chennai, he bought an acreage here 15 years ago and settled there separately.
He had grown herbal plants around the house.
At this stage on Saturday, Lavanya, a teenager from Besant Nagar, Chennai, arrived at Govindaraj's house and stayed.
Samiyar Govindaraj was present in the puja room at home yesterday evening.
The mystery object suddenly burst into flames with the sound of horror.
There was a fire in Govindaraj's body.
He ran out of the house, screaming.
When Lavanya came out of the neighboring room after hearing noise, she was shocked to find Govindaraj's body blackened.
Govindraj, who suffered severe burns to his body, died sadly at the scene.
After learning of the information, the police rushed to Thiruvallur government hospital where they retrieved Govindaraj's body and sent him for post-mortem examination.
Lavanya was in a nearby room when the mystery object exploded and luckily escaped.
What was the object that exploded in the pooja room?
It is not known what caused the explosion.
Forensic expert Nalina and officers collected the footage at the scene, led by Deputy Police Supt Harini.
They have sent it for analysis.
What was the object that exploded in the puja chamber only after its conclusion?
There is also blood scattered in the puja chamber.
Police suspect there is no chance of bloodshed when the fire is extinguished.
Govindaraj has decided to conduct a further investigation with the conclusion of a physical examination.
An investigation is also underway into the woman who was staying with her.
A mystery object exploded in the puja chamber, causing a stir in the area.
The case of recruitment in NEET is being investigated by CBIC police.
Meanwhile, Udit Surya, who was arrested the day before yesterday, along with his father Venkatesan, were interrogated at the CBI office in Theni.
T South Regional Superintendent Vijay Kumar and Deputy Superintendent of Police Hardwin Jagadeeskumar, Money CBIC inspector Chitra Devi were investigated and appropriately verified.
After completing the medical examination, they appeared before Theni Criminal Judicial Tribunal Judge Panneerselvam at 8.15 pm last night.
Shooting by actor Sasikumar... are patients in the government hospital suffering?
All of the hospital's intensive care patients were very distressed by the noise.
Many found it funny, and included night-time doctors, nurses and staff.
On interrogation, it was learnt that all the ambulances were used as the shooting pad for the new film directed by Bonram, starring actor Sasikumar.
Actor Sasikumar has reportedly not formally received permission from the hospital administration for the shooting.
Immediately after, members of the public blocked the ambulances and began arguing with the crew.
Police in Ghana rushed to the scene after being made aware of this and took the driver by ambulance for questioning.
But those who were there say that the crew had left before then.
We contacted the crew to explain the incident.
But could not be contacted.
The statue of Natarajar, who was rescued from Australia yesterday, was placed in the window of Kallitikarichi Kulasekumar's temple.
There is a temple in Tirunelveli, where the heroine, Sameetha Kulasekaranasekaram, grew up in Kallitikarichi, Aram.
The oldest temple is a two-and-a-half-foot tall statue of Natarajar Saturn, Sivakami Ambal, Manickavasakar, SriPalatinath Quran and fifty-one statues were looted in 1982.
It was revealed that the statues are in the Australian Museum.
The statue was recovered and brought to Tamil Nadu in a private effort led by Specialist Officer Pon Manickavel of the Anti-Trafficking Unit.
Kallitarichi was brought to Kumbakonam yesterday morning after a court order.
A statue of a police convoy was received by the public at Kallitikarichchi, where it was greeted with a chorus of laughter.
Then he was placed in a wheelchair.
Specialist Officer Golden Manickavel said we will soon discover three other statues, including Sivakami Ambal, which were stolen along with it.
Those involved in the incident will be arrested soon, he said.
SBIIT police have arrested and interrogated three more medical students and their father in connection with the NEET recruitment case.
Uditsurya and her father, Dr Venkatesan, who works at Stanley Hospital, Chennai, have been arrested in connection with an alleged extramarital affair.
Dr Venkatesan was discharged yesterday as he continues to be questioned by them.
Meanwhile, the CBID police have launched an active investigation into the case of the recruitment.
Three medical students from Kancheepuram were trapped yesterday and three more students have been arrested today.
SBIIT police today arrested and interrogated three people and their father, Abhirami, Praveen and Rahul, who are from Krishnagiri, Vilupuram Medical Colleges.
Six intermediaries have been arrested in connection with the matter.
SBCID is now said to have taken action on the basis of his testimony during the trial of Udit Surya's father.
The SBCIT side has been informed that a number of shock reports have been released on the matter of NEET recruitment.
President Maithripala Sirisena said that the emergence of a system in the country where graduates emerge from universities to demand jobs and demonstrate on the street is due to an education system that excludes the science, technology and research sectors.
Therefore, it is very important to introduce and implement the new educational systems of developed countries in the world by making the necessary fundamental changes to the national education policies, the President noted.
This was stated by the President while addressing the second stage of the 'Shilpa Sena' exhibition at the Polonnaruwa Kalla National Stadium yesterday (25) morning.
The second phase of the Shilpa Sena Exhibition, which is being organized by the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, will be held at the Polonnaruwa Kalla National Stadium from yesterday to 29th December with knowledge, innovation and various exciting events.
Speaking on the occasion, the President said that the world's progress is being driven by innovations in science and technology that are generated through research.
The president also explained the need for experts in the field to focus on the issues that matter most in this era, which requires the cooperation of the scientific, technical and research sectors to overcome the challenges facing our countrymen due to climate change.
The President noted that in the political field and in the scientific, technical and research fields, most people do not think about the country and only think about it. He said that the main challenge in the journey towards development as a nation is that the country loses the necessary academics in the services of engineers, doctors and accountants because the academics who get free education have left the country not thinking only about themselves but also about themselves.
The Shilpa Sena Exhibition, which is being held under the theme ‘Fertile Country by Multiple Karangal’ is mainly divided into five categories: Industrial Enterprise, Factory, New Products, Blue Green Division and Happiness.
STEM education, space technology, biotechnology, robot technology, nano-technology, megadonics, new dragon, blue-green technology, and 55G IOT are among the key themes in order to promote modern scientific, technical and research knowledge.
More than 250 innovations created by innovators in the country have been exhibited in the new Manufacturing section of the Shilpa Sena Exhibition and projects for commercialization of their products have been implemented.
The president, who opened the exhibition, visited it and interacted smoothly with the mission's co-workers.
Officials including Chintaka S. Lokuhetteke, Secretary of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, were present on the occasion.
The festival of Dussehra started with a flag-raising ceremony at Kulasai Mutharamman Temple.
The Dussehra festival is a world famous festival held annually at the Mutaramman temple in Kulasekaranpattinam near Tiruchendur in Thoothukudi district.
After Dasara, which is being held at Mysore Samundishwari Amman temple in India, lakhs of devotees gather in the Kulashai for the Dasara festival.
From Vratham to wearing various roles, to paying straight loans, to worshiping his mother, Kulasekaranpattinam is a unique part of the festival of Mutharaman Temple.
It is special to have a tough 48 days, especially for those who have a Kalali role.
The Dussehra Festival 2019 began with a flag-raising ceremony this morning.
The Dussehra festival is going on for 10 days.
Mahishasura is the main event of the Dussehra festival, which takes place on October 8.
On that day, at night, he wakes up on the beach of Kulasai, praying for the glory of his life.
More than 6 lakh devotees are expected to visit Amman on the occasion of the festival.
When he finds out what he has done, he discovers that he and his wife have been together for a long time, and that they have been together for a long time, and that they have been together for a long time.
Ampihai Mutharama, who has a mental health problem, a miscarriage and childbirth ban, is an unwavering believer of devotees.
A powerful landslide in Indonesia on Thursday killed 20 people.
The National Disaster Response Agency (NDRF) and Rescue Force (NDRF) said:
The powerful quake struck near Ambon Nagar, located in the Maluku Islands region, at 8.45am (local time) on Thursday morning.
The quake was recorded at 6.5 units on the Richter scale.
Many of the houses were destroyed by the fire, and many others were destroyed by the fire.
The incidents resulted in 20 deaths.
They died while trapped in the rubble of a building and buried in landslides.
One of them, a woman, collapsed and died when a two-wheeled car ploughed into a speedboat heading towards a high-rise area for fear of a tsunami.
In addition, 100 people were injured in the quake and 2,000 were evacuated to safer areas, officials said.
The town of Ambon, which is home to 4 lakh people, was hit by the quake.
When the city's hospital was shaken by the earthquake, Noya and others hurriedly walked out of Aung's yard.
According to reports, patients have been placed in shelters in the vicinity of the facility.
It is worth recalling that 4,300 people were biologically affected by last year's 7.5-magnitude earthquake in Indonesia.
An attempted robbery has taken place at an ATM in Kanchipuram.
A mystery gang of 3 men on motorbikes fled after seeing police.
State Bank of India ATM is located in the sprawling workshop area of Kanchipuram.
Three mystery men on a motorbike were spotted on camera in the early hours of this morning after they stopped the vehicle in front of an ATM.
Then the camera picked up the spray they had brought in.
Inspector Bhaskar of the Kanchipuram Taluka police, sub-inspector Sellapillai and the police were on patrol that night.
Three men on a motorbike arrived at the scene after police heard the noise of Harun and quickly picked up the vehicle and fled.
But Inspector Bhaskar briefly drove them away.
But he managed to enter a junction and escape.
The Kanchipuram Daluka police have filed a case and are looking for mystery persons involved in the ATM robbery.
As the police arrived at the scene on patrol, lakhs of money escaped from the ATM.
Minister Selloor Raju has said that Tamils should applaud PM Modi for speaking out against Tamil prejudices at the UN Council.
As far as Co-operative Minister Sellore Raju is concerned, he will speak volumes at the AIADMK meetings and ease the stalemate there.
She will also face the press but will be immersed in making shocking comments as she steps up her interview to make headlines.
Meanwhile, at the UN Council meeting in the US, PM Modi had quoted the baptism lines "Yadum Ure Vallav Kheer."
In this context, he said today that Tamils should be grateful and appreciative of PM Modi, and that it is our duty.
Also on rt.com PM Modi told world leaders at UN Council that he was proud of Tamil
He told the press that he flagged off the new buses at Arappalayam bus station in Madurai.
Minister Selloor Raju's interview has left Bajavs himself screaming.
Meanwhile, he said that the rule of law is in place in Tamil Nadu and that the arrest of AIADMK former councillor Jayagopal was the reason for the loss of Subhashree.
He assured that whoever does the wrong thing, the AIADMK government will not find it funny and will take action without please Thatcher.
Tahil Ramani was the Chief Justice of the Madras High Court.
A year after appointing him as Chief Justice, the Collegium Committee recommended to the Union Government to appoint a different Chief Justice to Chennai.
Accordingly, it was decided to appoint Tahil Ramani as Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court.
Justice Tahil Ramani refused to accept the seat change and granted a request to Collegium.
However, his request was rejected.
Following this, he gave her a resignation letter.
At this stage, the case was filed against the transfer of Dahil Ramani.
Meanwhile, the Centre had announced that Tahil Ramani's resignation letter had been accepted.
The case was also dismissed.
Tahil Ramani was given a sectional subpoena by the Madras High Court Lawyers' Association.
The demonstration took place on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance (SPP), which is protesting against the Hindu Front's violent attitude towards the 28-strong backbench and urging police to take swift action.
On 5th December, more than 60 Hindu Front members violently entered the backyard of the Hangaripalayam Road in Tirupur.
So the throat of the workers who had been attacked was damaged, along with the institutional property.
The police have done some riding on this.
A protest demonstration was held on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance parties in Tirupur on 9th December to protest the incident, which has been strongly condemned by industry, various politicians, activists and the general public.
The complaint was filed with the District Collector and the Metropolitan Police Commissioner of Tirupur after he refused permission.
On 17th Sept, a demonstration was announced on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance at a consultative meeting.
The protest march started at 11 a.m. on the eve of the 17th of last week at Tirupur Municipal Corporation protesting against the 'violent attitude of the Hindu Front' and urging the police to take swift action.
The demonstration was led by DMK secretary K Selvaraj in Tirupur North district.
All party executives, including CPI (M) state council member K Kamaraj, Tirupur district CPI (M) secretary S Muthukannan, Tirupur district CPI (M) secretary M Ravi, Congress-aligned Ramaswamy and Madhumuga Sampath, participated in the demonstration.
Police near the intersection said they did not have permission to demonstrate on the sidelines of the demonstration.
The secular Progressive Alliance (PP) said that on the 5th of last month, the Hindu Front (HF) in Tirupur attacked and rioted a backyard company.
We have formally asked for permission to conduct a democratic demonstration in protest of this incident, we have not given permission to the police, we have filed a complaint with the government and the police commissioner and since then have refused to give permission to the police to protest in a democratic way in view of the importance of the demand.
Police have also arrested a few people in connection with the incident where the backpack company was attacked.
They said that the police should take swift measures in arresting the Hindu front rowers involved in the incident.
More than 500 people, especially women, took part in the demonstration in large numbers and raised their voices against the violence, so the police withdrew from arresting the demonstrators.
A loudspeaker was raised in protest at the attack on the backbench establishment in Tirupur by the Hindu Front, as well as religious-violence in various forms.
If the democratically-regarded Dodo Secular Progressive Alliance (PPP) had created awareness among the people of Tirupur against violence, it would not have been possible!
A fine of Rs 100 crore has been levied on those travelling with Ozzy on the train.
Rail police will file a case and issue a fine to passengers without a ticket on the train.
In that regard, the number of passengers without tickets has increased more in the year than last year.
According to a news release from Central Railroad, the "OC" had registered 17.42 lakh cases of "OC" travel in the months from April to September 2018 and collected a total fine of Rs 87.98 crore from them. A total of 19.15 lakh cases were registered between April and September in the current year and a total fine of Rs 100.29 crore.
Collectors showed up and congratulated Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy on awarding the Central Government Awards to Namakkal and Thiruvallur district for outstanding work in health care.
Chief Secretary to the Chief Minister Edapadi Palanisamy yesterday, at a function held in New Delhi at 6.9.2019 on behalf of the Ministry of Women and Child Development (MoCD) in the Ministry of Women and Child Development, Namakkal District Collector M. Asia Mariam also received the award from Thiruvallur district for best district for raising awareness among the people about the scheme for four consecutive years under the 'Birth gender ratio'.
During the event, the Minister of State for Social Welfare and Nutrition, Dr. V. Saroja, Secretary General, K. Shanmugam, Secretary, Department of Social Welfare and Nutrition, S. Madhumathi, and Commissioner of Social Welfare, D.A.Arabcom were present.
"If I do, people will come forward to do it!" said Ram Singh, referring to the difficulty of buying vegetables in the area and frustrating people with various activities such as traffic jams and pollution of the environment.
While many people have complained about this, they have not felt that they are considering alternatives or that the solution lies with them.
The correct solution to this is that people will come forward to follow if I do what I believe in.
So, me and my wife walk 10 kilometres a week and we buy vegetables.
It has now become a habit as it has gone on for six months.
I am very satisfied with the situation at the moment.'
"A lot of people said it was difficult to keep up with growing vegetables. I recommended them to carry bamboo baskets to combat the threat of plastic.
But they laughed when they heard it.
So, me and my wife went to the market carrying a bamboo basket.
It was only then that I learnt that it would be very helpful in many ways.
These days, many young people are not with healthy health.
I think they're starting to walk and control their food.
I am a man who deeply believes that only the best possible solutions can be found for the challenges of innovation in the modernized world.
If one is going through paramedic procedures, one can be thrilled with full health," Ram Singh tells IANS with enthusiasm.
Heart disease, including stroke, is among the leading causes of death globally, according to cardiologist Dr. G. Sengotuvelu.
World Heart Day is observed on 29th September every year.
A heart-to-heart awareness programme was organized by Dr. G. S. Heart Foundation on 27.9.2019 at Thiagarajar Nagar, Chennai.
Apollo Hospital's top consultant and intensive care cardiologist, Dr. G. Sengotuvelu, presided over the event.
Filmmaker Shivak Kumar, who was also present as a special guest, was accompanied by doctors in a headscarf, all carrying the promise of being heart-keepers - heart heroes.
Continuing, Shivak Kumar addressed the issue of healthy living.
The hospital's president, Dr. A. Muruganathan, received the award.
Speaking on the occasion, medical expert G Cheng Kotuvelu said:
Heart disease, including stroke, is among the leading causes of death globally.
Cardiovascular diseases are highly prevalent in India.
Young people are also more likely to suffer from heart attacks.
We've stayed vigilant and kept the body safe so KonDoll can prevent heart disease by 80 per cent.
If a mother, father, grandmother and grandmother have heart disease, we also have a chance of getting heart disease.
If we were to correct the lifestyle, we could prevent heart disease from becoming partially scarred.
In existing modern medicine, it is possible to predict who will have a heart attack.
Being diagnosed at the very beginning can help prevent heart attacks from occurring.
Even if he has a heart attack, he can recover quickly.
He said so.
The Election Commission has reduced the eligibility period of Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh, convicted in the corruption case from 6 years to one month.
This has resulted in the removal of the impasse that existed in the run-up to the Tamang by-election.
Sikkim Legislative Assembly election held in connection with Lok Sabha election
The election was won by Sikkim Granthikari Morcha Amoga.
The party's leader, Prem Singh Tamang, took over as Chief Minister of the state.
But a lower court had sentenced Tamang to life in prison in 2016 in a corruption case.
It was also confirmed by the Supreme Court that he would face jail time.
The controversy erupted shortly after Tamang was sworn in, when a man who had served a prison sentence for corruption could not stand for election for 6 years.
Tamang is contesting the legislative by-election in Sikkim.
With the support of the BJP, Tamang is running for office in Sikkim.
In the meantime, Tamang sent a letter to the Electoral Commission requesting the lifting of the six-year ban on him standing for election, citing various legal provisions.
Reviewing the letter, the Electoral Commission announced that it would reduce the ban on tamango to one year and one month.
With that said, there is no ban on Tamang running in the legislative by-election.
Using the privilege afforded to Tamang, he can start playing politics in other states including Tamil Nadu.
Reports are likely to be released by the Election Commission in full swing of Bajavak's will.
Government physician Venkatesan, father of student Udit Surya, has been placed on suspension in the case of switching to NEET.
Joseph, who acted as an intermediary in the recruitment case, has also been arrested in Kerala.
Student Udit Surya, from Theni State College of Medicine, was found to have rigged the NEET exam.
Following this, the police filed a case against Udit Surya and his family.
But Udit Surya and his family fled and went into hiding.
Udit Surya had filed a court application for anticipatory bail.
Tamil Nadu police arrested Udit Surya, who was in an ambush with his family in Tirupathi.
Udit Surya's family was arrested and brought to Theni and interrogated for several hours.
During the hearing, Udit Surya's father, Dr Venkatesan, admitted that he had recruited the son to become a doctor.
Following Venkatesan's confession to the police, all were remanded in custody pending a court appearance.
Udit Surya's father worked as a government doctor at Stanley Hospital, Chennai.
Since he is currently under arrest and jailed, the Tamilnadu govt has arrested Venkatesan.
Also based on Venkatesan's confession, middleman Joseph has been arrested in Kerala.
He is to be brought to Tamil Nadu for trial.
Venkatesan, a doctor at Stanley State Hospital, Chennai, who is the father of student Udit Surya, has been placed on leave.
Meanwhile, the CBIT police today launched an investigation into the NEET exam training centre run by middleman Joseph in Thiruvananthapuram.
Joseph had reportedly been carrying out a massive recruiting swap scandal with the name of the Need Training Centre.
That's why Udit Surya's father Dr Venkatesan has approached Joseph with ease.
CBID police are also examining documents at Joseph's training centre.
The by-election will be held next month (October 21) in Nanguneri and Wickravandi constituencies in Tamil Nadu.
The DMK is contesting the Vikravandi constituency and the Nanguneri constituency has been given to the coalition party Congress.
Last night, Mukul Wasnik, general secretary of the All India Congress Party and in-charge of Tamil Nadu, announced the name of the Congress candidate for the Nanguneri seat.
Ruby Manoharan (pictured at 60) has been announced as the candidate for the northern district of Kancheepuram
Ruby Manoharan's hometown is near Marayapuram in Kanyakumari district
He served in the Air Force for 15 years and has since run a construction company in Chennai.
On the 141st anniversary of Periyar's birth, 535 Malaysian Government Tamil Reform Books were donated to Tamil schools as a special occasion.
Puthithiporindung and Mendakap estate government introduced a book called Periyar's Reform in Tamil Schools.
It will be sent to 535 Tamil schools operating in Malaysia in phases.
The books were sent to 150 Tamil schools operating in Pahang State and Chilangore State in the first phase.
About 50 thousand students are studying in these schools.
It is also worth noting that more than 7000 Asiri Yaris are employed.
This book is a great opportunity for students and teachers to learn about the work done by Periyar in Tamil.
M Govindaswamy ji was addressing the gathering on the occasion of the introduction of Dr K Veeramani ji.
On this occasion, Chinmaiya ji was conferred with the Periyar Big Thondar Award.
The poet and former head teacher of the Tamil school, Periyar Bigondar K.K. Raman, read poetry about Periyar.
It is to be noted that Shanmugam, a poet from Taiping, was awarded as a Reasonable Bhavler.
There are revolutionary movements before and after Bhagat Singh.
But there is no mere appreciation that Bhagat Singh and his comrades have provided a new dimension and a clear ideology for revolutionary movements and thereby Indian politics.
We can still see today that there is a perception among people that the revolutionaries were just fools and stone-throwers who didn't care about human lives.
The period of Bhagat Singh gives us an insight into their humanity and ability to think clearly.
In 1929, the name was used for the first time in the United States, and the name was used for this purpose.
It was only in 1930 that the public was able to find out more about it.
But within a year of making his debut, his fame spread rapidly in all corners of Tamil Nadu.
This is the most astonishing news in history, the name of any leader born in the North, including Gandhi, has never spread in Tamil Nadu in such a short span of time.
That's because they are the parents.
Only the week after Bhagat Singh was killed, an editorial was published in the republican weekly under the headline Bhagat Singh.
The editorial praised many of Bhagat Singh's characteristic interests and made some comments about the political climate of the day.
Some parts of the base are as follows:-
'In fact, Bhagat Singh ji was very confident that he would correct all his policies and that the models he was working on would be the right way forward and if he were to decide, we would say that he must have behaved accordingly and if he had not behaved like that, he would not have been a man of yogurt.
So now we will call him a true man.
It is our strong opinion that it is indeed the policy of Bhagat Singh to India.
If Mr. Bhagat Singh had not been executed and martyred, there would not have been any evidence that this success could have been caused by such popularity.
If we had not executed Bhagat Singh, we would say that Gandhi too would have been in a state of turmoil.
Bhagat Singh, who was diagnosed with chlamydia and had to be dumped to death, had more than his life to show the people of India why he had a path to true equality and peace for the people of the world.
We appreciate Bhagat Singh for his warmth, warmth and warmth.
In an editorial in Republic magazine, Father Periyar mentioned them.
Meanwhile, a guard named Dennis Turner, who was on guard at the school where the incident took place, has arrested the little girl who was holding Adam at school for the reason of dumping the teacher.
In particular, he has tied the little girl's hand to a plastic tag and taken her to the Juvenile Assessment Center in a police car, where a photo of the little girl holding a plaque bearing the same name is taken as that of the criminals.
Copies of his fingerprints have also been taken.
The information was later reported to the girl's family and she has been handed over to her family.
It is not known if he took the other child to the police station.
His grandmother Kirkland, who has agreed to reveal the identity of little girl Kayla Rollins, told the media that her granddaughter, who is suffering from a sleeping problem called 'Sleep Apnea', sometimes gets depressed as a result of prescription drugs.
I was very shocked when he said that he had been arrested for this and that it was difficult to understand and explain this to any 6-year-old child.
Rain has caused flooding in Uttar Pradesh, leaving 73 people dead in four days, weather service Laga Red Alert has warned in most districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh.
The Bihar capital, Patna, has been hit by heavy rainfall in the last four days, causing flooding in several areas and disrupting train and road transport.
Several trains were cancelled this morning due to heavy rainfall in Bihar states.
Yesterday, in the state, Chief Minister Nitish Kumar held a consultative session through video conferencing.
An order has been issued to close all schools until Tuesday.
Heavy rains have also hit Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, where several people have died in rain-related incidents in the last few days.
Uttar Pradesh received 3 per cent more rainfall than normal on Friday.
The eastern part of the state has been worst hit.
Yesterday, 42.5 mm of rain fell in Prayagraj and 6.2 mm in Varanasi.
This year, it's higher than average rainfall.
In different parts of Uttar Pradesh, 26 people died yesterday.
In the previous two days, 47 people had died.
Lucknow, Amethi, Hardai and other districts have been flooded due to heavy rains.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has directed district collectors and regional commissioners to take all necessary security and measures.
In Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, six people died due to rain in the last two days.
Three students have died after a wall of a government school collapsed in Dopwara in Rajasthan's Udaipur.
Three people, including a Police Constable in Madhya Pradesh, died on Friday.
Their bodies were found about a kilometre from the scene.
The World Atomic Energy Department's peer-reviewed report was released on 24th of last year.
It was the chair of the committee that produced the report, Michael Scheer.
According to the Survey, the nuclear energy sector accounted for 17.46 percent of the world's energy demand in 1996 and fell to 10.15 percent in 2018.
This fall, the world's attention is shifting beyond nuclear power towards renewable, long-term viable energy.
Backed by nuclear power, renewable energy - such as solar, wind power and hydroelectric power - is booming globally.
Each year, various agencies will jointly publish the peer-reviewed report of the World Atomic Energy Department.
According to a report released this year, the nuclear energy sector worldwide is on the decline.
The report also notes that India's nuclear energy sector is in dire straits.
Bilgates awarded the Global Goalkeeper Award to the Prime Minister of India for his outstanding performance in the Swachh Bharat Mission.
In India, the central government led by PM Modi has announced and implemented the "Swachh Bharat" programme.
The scheme was introduced on 2-10-2014, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, in 2014.
The project is aimed at constructing household toilets, public toilets and solid waste management.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore toilets have been constructed across the country.
In 98 per cent of villages, rural health coverage has been brought in.
It was announced that Modi would be awarded the Global Goalkeeper of the Year award by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation of the United States in appreciation of the project.
PM Modi, who is on a visit to the United States, was awarded the Global Goalkeeper Award today.
Bill Gates, the world's richest man, presented the award to Modi at an event on the sidelines of the UN Security Council meeting in New York today.
Speaking on the occasion, the award-winning Prime Minister said that Mahatma Gandhi’s dream of cleanliness has now been fulfilled.
Modi said he would present the award to crores of Indians who have completed the Swachh Bharat Mission and made it a part of their daily lives.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has said that 3 lakh people have been saved from various diseases due to Swachh Bharat Mission.
The Ministry of Health has announced that due to the ongoing monsoon and flood situation, there will be an end to the spread of nitrous oxide.
The health ministry has advised people to avoid unnecessarily disembarking underwater as a result.
The health ministry said the level of anxiety caused by heavy rainfall in several districts was not currently low and urged the public to exercise caution in this regard.
Children and older people have been affected by flooding and the number of hospital admissions has increased.
Doctor Hemant Herath, chief officer of the Ministry of Health's Dangerous Mahamaiya Division, is urging the affected people to pay more attention to health care.
The education ministry issued a media statement regarding the teachers' holiday levy.
The education ministry said in a statement that consultations and recommendations have been initiated to resolve the pay dispute in the service of teachers and principals.
The education ministry said the recommendation of the committee to lift the public services pay dispute to increase the salaries of all employees of the government, including teachers and principals, based on their salary dispute from January 1st next year was an unjustifiable move by teachers and principals not to attend the service on sick leave.
It is the right of employees to engage in union activities.
The ministry said that the opportunist actions of the trade unions, which are used as a strategy to deceive members by pointing to their actions as successes despite not being challenged and knowing about the potential pay increases, were not acceptable to a smart and honourable profession such as teaching principals.
Education Minister Lawani Akhilviraj told parliament last July that the increase in salaries of teachers and principals by 106 per cent was the largest increase since 2015.
The minister told parliament on 7 June that the education ministry had submitted suggestions and recommendations on the salary dispute of teachers principals to the Rannukeke committee appointed to look into the general dispute within the public service.
The allowance for principals has been increased from 650 rupees to 6,500 rupees.
The work on the delayed promotion has been carried out regularly since the start of the year 2015.
The system for obtaining a pension has been prepared and implemented.
About 6,000 people were incorporated into the service after a competition was held to restore the service to the President from politics and address the shortcomings in the quality of the service.
Teachers and principals have been given the opportunity to train abroad and the integration of 25,000 people into the teaching service has been completed in a short span of four and a half years.
These are aimed at human resource development in the education sector, the Ministry of Education added in a press statement issued today.
A complaint was filed against Chennai student Udaysurya for recruiting and winning the NEET exam and studying at Theni Medical College.
Following this, the case was transferred to the CBIC.
After this, Uditsurya vanished with her parents.
In this case, the customary police apprehended Udishurya and his father Venkatesan and mother Goyalwizhi in the Tirupati mountains the day before yesterday.
A court in Goa has registered a charge sheet against state BJP legislator Adnasiio Mansarade on the basis of a complaint that Maier sexually assaulted the woman.
Adanasiou was accused of raping a 16-year-old girl
Police filed a 250-page criminal paper against him in the District Court of North Goa last year.
The trial in the case is set to begin on October 17.
Adenazio Banaji is a member of the assembly of the constituency.
The age of consent was 55, and the age of consent was 16.
The girl had alleged that he had drugged and violated her and sold her to his mother, Adenasiou, for Rs 50 lakh.
It should be noted that Adanasiou, who was last arrested in 2016, is currently on bail.
Pak-occupied Kashmir has been hit hard by an earthquake last evening centred on Pakistan.
About 25 people have been killed there.
More than 400 people were injured.
The epicentre of Pak-occupied Kashmir was struck by a 5.8-magnitude quake yesterday evening, leaving at least 25 people dead, including women and children, and another 400 injured, many of them seriously, Pakistani officials said.
The quake struck 22.3 kilometres north of the Jelum River, near the border separating Punjab and Occupied Kashmir, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
The quake was centered on an area of 10 km.
It was felt in most parts of Punjab and parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
However, "the worst impact was in the (aggression) Meerpur district of Kashmir," according to Pakistan's chief meteorologist, Mohammad Diaz.
Mirpur Divisional Commissioner Mohammad Dayab said the epicenter of the earthquake was near the Jelum River, which devastated parts of Jatlan and Gary Sharif midway through the day, and damaged hundreds of homes, vehicles and other infrastructure.
He said 12 people died or were on their way to the headquarters hospital in Mirpur, while 13 others died in different villages between Jatlan and Gary Sharif.
About 150 of the injured are being treated at T.H. Cue Hospital.
Many were sent to Rawalpindi for further treatment.
In rural areas, mobile phone, telephone service and electricity supply were cut off.
As a result, people are unable to communicate or seek help from their neighbours.
In order to contest the Nanguneri by-election, Padmarajan, the king of elections, has filed a nomination with the Electoral Commission.
Padmarajan, a resident of Veerakawalpudur village near Mattur in Salem district, had contested the election against several leaders like Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalalitha, Karunanidhi and Rajasekhar Reddy.
Abdelkalam, Pranab Mukherjee and Ram Nath Kovind had contested the presidential election.
He has spent over Rs 32 lakh of his own money alone on deposits paid during the nomination process.
Don't think he is too rich for that, he is a middle-aged man.
He is contesting the by-election for the Nanguneri constituency and yesterday presented his nomination to polling officer Nadesen.
He claims to be competing for the 206th time in a row and says his aim is not to win, but to enter Guinness.
He claims that Limca is already in the book and that if Guinness is in the book, he will call off the election.
Padmarajan is the king of elections in India, which has a record of winning and losing elections.
Vikramlander has crashed forcefully on the ground of the moon, NASA has revealed in a photo source.
The Vikram Lander of the 28-lunar Yan-2 spacecraft has been sent home after NASA's LROC Arbiter filmed the lander that crashed forcefully into the Moon's south pole.
The Vikram Lander of the Chandray Yan-2 mission, sent by ISRO, landed on the south pole of the moon on 7th December last year.
But communication with it was cut off at the last moment.
The Vikram lunar lander on the moon's surface was thought to have been damaged and communication cut off as it crashed at high speed instead of slowly landing on the vehicle.
In this situation, NASA's LRDC Orbiter passed over the south pole of the moon on the 17th of last year.
At the same time, a more cutting-edge picture of the plains between the two ranges of Simbé Leas N and Manzinus C, where Vikram Lane Dur landed, has been released.
In examining the footage, Yagi is certain that Vikram Lander crashed into the ground forcefully.
That's why the lander fell a short distance from where it was supposed to land.
John Keller, deputy director of NASA's EROC program, said, "The LROC Orbiter passed over the south side of the moon on the 17th of last year.
Meanwhile, it has sent pictures of the evening taken at a time of darkness.
It has been revealed that Vikram Lander crashed into the ground forcefully.
However, the exact location of the Vikram Lander lander could not be traced.
LROCER Bitter will cross the south-east again on the 14th of next month.
Since the lighting is good, there is a lot of scope for catching Vikram Lander.'
The ideology of both PM Modi and US President Trump is the same.
Modi is spreading support for U.S. President Trump without worrying about the economy.
Sitaram Yechury has accused the seminar in Puducherry of questioning federal theory during the central BJP regime.
The Marxist Communist Party held a seminar on state rights and anti-populism bills at the Pondicherry Combined Studio.
Sitaram Yechury, general secretary of the Marxist Communist Party of India (Marxist Communist Party), gave the special address.
Speaking at the seminar, he said that Bajav's campaign of One Nation, One Culture, One Election, One Education System has called into question India's diversity.
If you reject the anti-democratic stance of the state, you can be arrested for calling yourself a patriot.
An amendment has been brought forward.
He said human rights abuses were being carried out in the country, which is currently in economic crisis when he was accused of being an extremist by posting on social media or disparaging the BJP.
Because people don't have the purchasing power.
But the government has given Rs 2 lakh crore to wealthy capitalists.
He urged everyone to join the protest against this anti-populist government from 10th to 16th October.
He continued to spread the message to Trump that the Prime Minister does not care about the nation, does not care about the economy.
When an actor from Bangladesh came to India to do a spreadsheet, the Indian government blocked it.
But Modi has made his way to the United States to spread the message that Trump wants to become President again.
Modi has since confirmed that the ideology of the two is the same.
The federal theory has been called into question during the central BJP regime.
Sitaramyechury alleged that the promises of the Constitution are being erased.
The seminar was attended by Balakrishnan, secretary of state for Tamil Nadu of the Marxist Communist Party (Marxist Communist Party), Rajangam, secretary of state for Puducherry and other prominent leaders.
The Minister for Agriculture, Rural Economic Affairs, Livestock Development, Irrigation and Maritime Development, P. Harrison, has said that compensation for all farmers who have registered with the Agriculture Insurance Council and paid insurance installments will be paid within 2 weeks.
The Agriculture Insurance Council has been advised about this.
Under this scheme, 3,000 farmers in Ampara, Monaragala and Athimala areas who have paid insurance installment allowance will be compensated for production impact.
The Minister mentioned these issues during a discussion held at the auditorium of the Ministry of Rural Economy.
Postal voting will take place on 11th of next month for the Elpitiya Divisional Council elections.
Those who cannot vote by post tomorrow will have the chance to vote by post on 4th next month, according to the chairman of the Electoral Damage Commission, Mahinda Patriotia.
This has been facilitated by the Galle district elections office.
To vote by post, you have to carry a national identity card or an identity card allowed by the Electoral Commission.
Two libraries, one Mayhew opened on Periyar's birthday in Malaysia
Pahang State, Mendakap Garden:
In 1928, about 100 students were enrolled in this school.
There Periyar Library was inaugurated on 17-9-2019 by Govindaswamy, chairman of the Estate Administrators (Sabha) and Dravidian missionary.
On this occasion, the presiding officer of the school, Aashi Uma, took over the leadership of the school.
The members of the Executive Board, members of the Parent Teachers Union, faculty members, students and Periyar volunteers participated in the function.
The students were given a taste of water, drinks and fruits.
Periyar's books were donated to the teachers and students of the school.
Bukit Raja Garden, Killan City:
About 160 students are enrolled in the school.
This is where Periyar Mayayam was formed.
Nearly 500 books were delivered to the centre.
On that occasion, Mani Mallika Palaniandi presided over the presiding teacher of the school.
Periyar volunteers and Dravida Kazhagam comrades participated.
The students were given a taste bud.
Periyar's books were donated to teachers.
Katong Gardens, Banding Nagar:
About 100 students and 15 teachers are employed in this school.
Ms Kanakam was leading the school's deputy head teacher for the event.
More than 400 books were donated and the Periyar Library opened on 23.9.2019.
Students were given a taste of water.
As a gift to the Asiri people, Periyar's books were sung.
M. Govindaswamy ji’s acceptance speech was well attended.
It should be noted that the three schools featured speeches explaining his work on Periyar.
It is to be noted that the work of the President of Tamil Nadu, Dr. K. Veeramani, was described in all programmes.
Mani C. Gabban, a left-wing coalition candidate, has won Kerala's Bala Assembly constituency by-election.
Despite splitting from the Congress and starting a separate party, K.M. Mani remained part of the Congress alliance.
K.M. Mani became the first political leader in Kerala's political history to lose an election.
K.M. Mani, who was the Union Minister for various departments of Kerala, passed away last April due to ill health.
So the by-election for the Palma Assembly constituency was announced.
The election for the seat was held on 23rd December last year.
The left-wing candidate in this constituency was Mani C. Gabbard, the Congress coalition candidate José Tom Tighell and Kottayam Hari.
Votes cast in the election were counted this morning.
The left-wing candidate Mani C. Gabbard won with 54,137 votes.
The Congress coalition candidate who contested against him had 51,194 votes.
Left-wing candidate Mani C. Gabbard won by a margin of 2,943 votes.
Kottayam Hari, who ran as a BJP candidate, received 18,044 votes.
In the last election in 2016, the BJP had 24,821 votes in the same constituency.
In the current by-election, the BJP has lost 6,000 votes.
For the last 54 years, the Congress alliance has dominated the Palma constituency.
The left has now ended this dominance.
Due to the decrease in sea level in the southwestern direction of the country, heavy rainfall is likely in the coastal areas from Batticaloa to Matara in general.
From Kankesanthurai through Trincomalee to Batticaloa in coastal areas, Mukhil is more likely to experience overcrowding or thunderstorms.
Other coastal areas around the country are likely to see rain or thunderstorms in the evening or at night.
Winds will move south-westerly in the coastal areas around the country and wind speeds will be forecast at 10 to 30 kph per hour.
During the monsoon season, wind speed in these areas is likely to increase temporarily from 70 to 80 kmph.
The Department of Atmospherics said in a weather-related report published today that the sea was temporarily submerged in such instances.
The Prime Minister emphasized India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers’ Council at a meeting in New York City, USA.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is on a seven-day official visit to the United States.
PM Modi will address the annual General Assembly meeting at the UN tomorrow.
For this purpose, he has been participating in various events and meeting world leaders.
As part of that, the US President met Trump at the Houthi Modi event in Houston.
The two leaders discussed a wide range of issues including bilateral relations, industry, trade, security, global issues, Kashmir issue, etc.
This was followed by a mix of CEOs from US companies at the Bloomberg World Industry Forum in New York yesterday.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said:
Developing fuels using nuclear energy is still a challenge for India today.
This is because India is not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Council.
If India gets that opportunity, it will become a world leader.
PM Modi spoke of this.
The nuclear supply group controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
India continues to take various steps to become a member of this group.
While the US and other countries supported India's visit, China opposed India's signing of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
However, it should be noted that last March, six US companies announced that they would build nuclear reactors in India.
An old people's lap has been found near the school.
At Kokkarayenpet near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district, the power-wise employees were on standby for the afternoon power shut-off before yesterday (September 26) at Bharatinagar.
There was a pot on it.
As it continued to pile up, it seemed as if the old people were bearded.
It was found that there were bones inside.
The reported receiver went to the scene and collected the bones at the bottom.
"Kokkaraybanpet is located in the deep end," he said.
So if archaeologists examine it, they may find many more historical symbols," they said.
The All India Technical Education Council (ACTE), the top body for technical education, is working on updating and upgrading the curriculum for engineering education in a timely manner.
Higher education institutions are pursuing a course designed by AYCDE for engineering education.
The curriculum for colleges associated with Anna University is designed by the university administration.
In this context, the guidance issued by AYCDE in June, 2019 stated that students enrolled in engineering education this year shall be able to choose three subjects out of 32 non-school subjects as aspirational subjects and study in the 3rd, 4th and 5th semester.
The list includes 32 subjects such as technical education, values and charity in society, charity and a better lifestyle, photography, video sharing and documentary.
As Anna University, students from four colleges - Gallage of Engineering, Cindy, Sculpture of Archtexton and Planning, Alagappa Gallery of Technology, Madras Institute of Technology, Chromebet - chose subjects based on subject.
In that study, B. Tech (information technology) students were selected for a philosophy course in 12 subjects in total.
In the 5th unit of the Philosophy lesson, "Knowledge is power" is a Bhagwad Gita lesson on the sensitivity of our energies and the teachings of Krishna to Arjun to keep the mind under control.
In the meantime, there is a strong opposition in Tamil Nadu to the sudden introduction of the Bhagwad Gita as a lesson.
Leaders, academics, student organizations, writers, DMK president General M.K. Stalin and others objected to the inclusion of religious matters in the programme's curriculum, saying it was against secularism.
Anna Dental Arts Corporation suddenly protested against Bhagwat Gita as a lesson and it has been announced that a protest will be held on behalf of DMK students near Anna University on 1st October.
Their aim is to embrace all people with equal status.
Culture Minister Sajith Premadasa has said that his aim is to embrace all people with equal status, regardless of race, religion, party or ethnicity.
During a media briefing in Colombo yesterday.
On the basis of this, he said that the democratically-democratised policy declaration, which he lauded for the motherland, would be issued soon.
There is no expectation of strengthening executive power.
He said no relatives had worked in his ministry or the institutions under it.
Minister Sajith Premadasa also noted that those implicated in the corruption scandal will not be included in the presidential election campaign or political journey.
The DMK leadership has disqualified 68 MLAs for the Wickravandi by-election.
A by-election is scheduled for October 21 for both Wikravandi and Nanguneri constituencies.
In this case, it is the DMK which is contesting against the AIADMK in Wickravandi and the Congress in Nanguneri.
Since AIADMK chief Stalin is supposed to have consulted with District Secretary Ponti, he has drawn up a series of surprises.
The DMK has appointed 68 MLAs in charge of the Wickravandi by-election process, out of which 100 are DMK legislators.
Stalin's rule has exempted only 32 MLAs from the Southern MLAs.
He has also asked the Congress to stand for the Nankuneri seat.
Bon can assume the chairmanship of the Wikirawandi Electoral Commission and Jagattsakan M.P. has been appointed as the secretary general.
A. Angayankanni, Salem Selvam Ganpti, A.K.S. Vijayan and others have been appointed.
Furthermore, 10 MPs are also set to be deployed for the by-election.
The DMK leadership has not engaged any of the M.P.s in the post-parliamentary elections held separately to Vellore constituency.
Take care of your work with them as usual, Stalin said.
Now they have been given a warm welcome.
CBI raid on former police commissioner's house in Bengaluru
The CBI is conducting a raid on the home of the former police commissioner of Bengaluru over an alleged affair involving the phones of political figures.
In Karnataka, the BJP ruled after the Kumaraswamy-led government collapsed.
Etiyurappa was sworn in as premier.
At this stage, Bhaskar Rao, who was appointed as the Commissioner of Police of Bengaluru, was visibly upset after the release of an audio conversation related to his meeting with a party figure for the commissioner's post.
The BJP complained that the phone was being hacked during Kumaraswamy's rule.
Siddaramaiah, who was the co-ordinator of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) coalition government, his aides and some leaders of the secular Janata Dal Party continued to complain that phone conversations of a total of 300 people were being listened to by MLAs and top officials.
The party leaders urged the government to conduct an appropriate investigation and take action.
Also, senior Congress leaders Mallikarjuna Kharge, Siddaramaiah, former police minister M P Patil and others had urged it to be investigated.
Sumaraswamy, who was briefed on the matter, said the patron had not asked for anyone's phone and that the related complaint was prejudicial to the truth and was ready for any investigation.
The phone-hacking affair took a storm in Karnataka politics.
Chief Minister Etiyurappa had recommended a CBI probe into the matter at this stage.
CBP has filed a lawsuit and is conducting an investigation.
CBI officials today conducted a raid on the home of former police commissioner Sheer Alekumar in Bengaluru.
The raid comes on the heels of reports that he had stored information on a pent-up affair on the phones of political figures.
Only after testing will it be known whether the pent-up fentanyl was trapped or not.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the United Nations General Assembly on behalf of India.
He then railed hard against terrorism.
In his speech, he recalled that India was a land where people like Buddha, Vivekananda and Ganesha Pungundranar lived.
Modi said that our country has given the world a message of peace, not war.
That is why we have always been vocal against extremism.
We also warn the world not to get caught in the grip of a monster of terrorism.
It is believed that the best of the best of the worlds lived in India three thousand years ago, and in the world's oldest Tamil language, "Yadum Ure, Everybody Killed".
This means that all of us have space to belong.
Everyone is our relative.
This is India’s unique character.
We do not see terrorism as a limited challenge to India.
We see it as an act against the whole world and against humanity.
So the whole world has to rally against extremism.
Twenty-five years ago, Swami Vivekananda, a distinguished spiritual guru, delivered this message to the world during the World Conference of Religions in Chicago.
This is the message: 'Goodwill and restraint is needed.
And the idea doesn't differ.
Today, on behalf of the largest democratic country in the world, I say the same thing.
Only 'Goodness and Peace' is our message to the world.'
Modi mentioned this in his speech.
Sajitha Premadasa is to run as Ranil's United National Party candidate in the Sri Lankan presidential election.
Sri Lanka's presidential election is set for November 16.
Gotabaya Rajapaksa is standing as the candidate of Sri Lanka's PA Peramuna in the election.
Parties including the JVP have also announced candidates.
The confusion continued over who would be the candidate of Prime Minister Ranilin's United National Party.
For Ranil, it was said he wanted to run for chancellor.
It was also reported that President Maithripala Sirisena had also made efforts to field a public defender.
His hope is that if Ranil runs, he could wipe out the Tamil vote.
Sirisena's account is that he could easily win if he sent Ranil to prison without contesting.
But the two have remained unfulfilled.
Sajitha Premadasa is currently standing as a candidate in the United National Party.
Sajitha is also the son of former President Premadasa.
Sajid Javid has moved ahead as a candidate for chancellor to rally his supporters and show his strength.
Sajitha participated in the grand general meeting held in Mathugama area of Kalutara yesterday and said that I am not a candidate for President under anybody's terms.
Sadiq Khan spoke of Ranilai in an angry tweet saying he has a selfie with her.
Former minister and legislator E. V. Velu noted that Tamil Nadu Dil father Periyar's reservation was at risk.
The birthday celebrations of Sethupattu Divya Educational Instituency Forest's father Periyar and grandmother Anna were held on Thursday.
P. Selvarajan was the chairperson of Divya Educational Institutions.
Special guest, former minister E.V. Velu, addressed the students on the occasion:
Many kings, including Cheran, Cholan, Pandian, Chalukya and Krishna Deva Rayar, did not ask women to study during At-Sik.
But it was Periyar who worked for women to study, to improve their livelihoods and to provide equal rights in property.
Aristocrat Anna worked on it.
In that way, DMK leader Kalaignar's rule came from women's reservation, equal rights in property, equal education and meritocracy.
He was the father who created all these things.
Father Periyar's policy is at risk.
He said that today, in the name of NEET, we have become accustomed to creating a number of clinics based on merit through balanced education.
Senthil Kumar, Secretary, Educational Institutions, Vice President Praveen Kumar and Executive Counselor Teethana Praveen Kumar were also present on the occasion.
K. V. Sekaran, Member of Parliament for Bholur, Munnal Assembly members Rajendran, Pandurangan, Saval Punti Sundarshan, Sethupattu DMK Secretary Murugan and Yore spoke.
Murugan thanked the Chief Minister of Polytechnic College.
Several competitions were held by the Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation for students at the World Tourism Day Ceremony held at the Tamil Nadu Hotel in Madurai.
The restaurant's kitchens were combined to prepare 101 meals and put on display.
They were served small meals, Madurai regional meals, a variety of soy sauces, dishes, joint porridge, snacks and sweets.
Northern state and foreign food were also prepared.
They said that all types of food from ordinary hotel to five-star hotels will be available in Tamil Nadu.
The Inbox Protrainers and the Sikh Foundation co-founded a day-to-day employment camp at the Jerusalem College of Schools in Chennai.
More than 26 banks and non-banking financial institutions participated.
More than 7,000 youth and students took part.
Speaking on the occasion, Balaji, Managing Director of Innovate Protrainers, said that I am proud to say that over 1500 youth have access to employment.
We organized the campus to benefit unemployed youth and students.
He said that we have otherwise treated students or institutions freely without receiving any money.
He said that our objective is to create an unemployed society through regular employment camps at various locations.
A 5-stage excavation is underway on behalf of the Archaeological Department of Tamil Nadu at the bottom of the district of Sivaganga near Madurai.
15 days from 13th June to 30th September, when it was supposed to be completed.
In this context, public and archaeological enthusiasts and students from various places visit Kizhakkudi in Tamil Nadu.
Minister Mafa Pandiarajan has said that the museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains found at Kiladi.
Muscat had initially said the Rs 1 crore project would go ahead.
The US has urged India to take swift action to ease restrictions on Jammu and Kashmir and release all those in detention.
Speaking at the 74-nation meeting of the United Nations, Alice Wells, the assistant secretary of state for South and Central Asian affairs of the United States, said:
The detention of large numbers in the Jammu and Kashmir Valley is a worry.
The Government of India should start political activities in the state.
We need to have elections as quickly as we have already promised.
The government should ease restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and release those in detention.
Alice Wells urged the Government of India to move fast.
Earlier, a report had surfaced that the US was willing to mediate with President Donald Trump on the Jammu and Kashmir matter.
This was strongly opposed by the Indian side.
The US later withdrew their offer.
Following this, PM Modi flew to the US to attend the UN General Assembly meeting.
Modi and Donald Trump first took part in a Howdy Modi event in Houston.
The two then took part in a series of events together.
At the time, Trump had tweeted his praise for India's father as PM Modi.
The US has now pressed India on the Kashmir issue.
It has been decided at a meeting of the AAI Council that the fee will be increased 10 times in all the Institute of Technology of India.
The AIDS Institute, also known as the Institute of Technology, has played a key role in the emergence of talented students across India.
The meeting of AYD Kaun Silk comprising the Directors of 23 AYD Educational Institutions under the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India was chaired by Union Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal on 28.9.2019.
The decision to take part in the meeting has shocked students and the public alike.
The decision has been taken to increase the fees of M.T.T.T.s in AIDS by 10 times.
The tuition fee is being collected at all the auctions in India, starting at Rs 20,000 to Rs 50,000 per semester.
At this stage, the fee has now been increased to Rs 2 lakh per annum.
Of the 12 AIM students who are studying in the first year of the 2019-2020 academic year, 9,280 are eligible for scholarships. It has also been decided to end the monthly allowance of Rs. 12,400 for M. Tech students.
The Central Government is going to reduce the funding provided by AYD to Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, Kharagpur, Kanpur, Rurgie and Kavahati.
To tackle the shortfall, the Government has hiked fees to collect the funds from the students.
Further, the Ministry is said to have instructed the respective institutions to carry out development works by keeping the proceeds from construction work done by the respective technical institutes, to borrow from the bank and to acquire the proceeds from the corporate institutions.
Since the BJP came to power, it has been restricting access to education for the common man as much as possible, reducing the funding for primary education in the 2015 budget, followed by a dramatic reduction in education funding in the same budget.
In order to facilitate more facilities for private educational institutions, big personalities started educational institutions and continued to provide opulence.
At this stage, the new education policy imposes a series of regulations to ensure that educational institutions are run on the finances of private institutions without giving any importance to state education institutions.
Only those who are comfortable with it, from basic education to higher education, are getting the job done by the central government to take India’s rich counterpart back centuries as an illiterate nation.
Written by Ranu, the book "Kelipadak Art" was published by Kalaipadakal Magazine editor Kilambur Sankara Subramaniam and received by former IAS officer Karpoora Sundarapandian.
The unveiling of the "Cartoonist" book by the late "Cartoonist" Ranu, written by S.K. Ramanujam, took place on Sunday at the Russian Cultural Centre in Chennai.
The ceremony was presided over by Secretary General of the Indian-Russian Chamber of Commerce, P Thankarappan.
On the occasion, Kalaimagal magazine editor Kelampur Shankar Subramaniam released the first book and it was received by R. Karpoora Sundara Pandian, a former IAS officer and head of the Centre for Siddhar Studies.
Speaking on the occasion, Karpoora Sundarapandian, who was the special guest, said:
The late cartoonist Ranu Ramanujam was a master of cartoon painters.
The Ranu cartoon has generated a large number of students through research and educational charity.
In general, being someone who is celebrated by the world is not celebrated by the family.
Cartoonist Ranu, on the other hand, is proud of the fact that even after his death, his book has been brought out by the family.
Ranu said he would have lived long enough to see this book through his work, despite its demise.
Speaking on the occasion, S.K. Ramanujam became one of India's leading golfer.
He was travelling around the world, doing mock drills.
He was an innovator in celibate creation.
Ranu became not only an expert in painting, but also a cartoonist and animator.
For the last 30 years, Kelipada has conducted artistic research in accordance with the Indian environment.
He said he will live a long life through the students he created, and through his writings and cartoons.
R Bhupathi, the coordinator of the Ranu cartoon research and education charity, was grateful.
Nallathambi, TV executive C Pereira and others participated.
The DMK has asked Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy how many barricades built during the last 8 years of the AIADMK rule.
In a statement issued by the party's Treasurer Durai Murugan, he criticized the Chief Minister for declining to disclose any details of his public duties.
DMK Treasurer Duraimurugan said in his statement that the water being opened in Kaveri is wasted in the sea due to the indifference of the A.D.M.K. government and lack of administrative capacity.
Our leader M. K. Stalin expressed his concern that the A.D.M.K. government had no concrete plan in place to detain and store Cauvery's passing, in the interest of holding him accountable as the Leader of Opposition in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.
Edapadi Palaniswami, who thought he was answering to the Chief Minister, asked, 'Have the DMK Warriors, who blame us, built a barricade in Kaveri during their rule?'
"I want to tell him that we have built a barrier under the TMC regime at Mayanur in Kaveri.
Without even knowing the details, will Chief Minister Edapadi Palaniswami, who has also put the public sector in charge, speak out against the truth?
When the land was destroyed, the land was destroyed and the land was destroyed.
So agriculture flourished.
Thousands of farmers in the region, who are still benefiting from this, will be able to express their gratitude to the Government of the Corporation forever.
As per the requirements of that period, a barricade was built by the Mayanur Corporation government.
At the time, there was no need to build more barricades.
If there was a need, then the then Chief Minister, Kalaignar ji, would have immediately sanctioned it, set aside funds and stepped up the task.
Therefore, there is no such thing as edappadi to blame the club's government for maintaining the welfare of the saviour.
I ask: how many barricades have you built in Cauvery in the last eight years of the A.D.M.K. rule?
We have built more than 40 dams in Tamil Nadu during the DMK's reign.
Can you point to at least one dam as the dam built in the A.D.M. regimes that has happened so far?
Do not lie.
The leader of the opposition has responded to their accusation by saying, with evidence, that we are building barricades or planning to build barricades in other places.
In spite of the fact that there was no vacancy built in Kaveri under the rule of DMK, I am obliged to point out that the post of the Chief Minister may be beautifully done, not civilised and not aesthetically pleasing.'
State Bank of India has decided to set interest rates based on Repo from 1st October.
Considering the country's economic growth, the RBI has reduced the interest on short-term lending (Repo) in four consecutive instalments by 1.1 per cent so far.
But there is a charge that banks are not even offering customers half the benefit of it.
Currently, banks are setting interest rates in the MCLR system.
From October 1, the RBI has ordered the implementation of interest rate hikes on the basis of the Treasury Bill and Repo interest rate, which the government releases for short-term borrowing.
Accordingly, State Bank of India (SBI) has announced that it has decided to set a benchmark rate of MCLR for housing, vehicle loans and MSME loans from 1st October.
The Ceylon Administrative Services Union has decided to temporarily suspend its trade union activities.
Union President Prabhat Chandrakheerthi has said that the decision was taken because of tomorrow's interaction with the cabinet subcommittee and the work to take charge of applications for postal voting in the presidential election.
He also expressed confidence that administrative service functions, including the Department of Corrections, the Department of Immigration and Immigration, and the Department of Motor Vehicles Commissionerate would take place as usual.
Prat Chandrakheerthi further said that the Royal Administrative Services Association expects a positive outcome in relation to their salary dispute at the upcoming Cabinet meeting and meeting with the Cabinet Sub-committee tomorrow.
Cricket match between Pakistan teams today.
The first match of the ODI series between Sri Lanka and Pakistan cricket teams begins in Karachi today.
The match is set to begin at 3.30 p.m. Sri Lanka time.
A rivalry between the two countries is currently taking place in Pakistan after 10 years of conflict.
Sri Lanka team manager Asantha Dimel has also said she is satisfied with the security provided to the Sri Lankan team in Pakistan.
He said the security or equal protection provided to a Head of State has been provided to the Sri Lankan cricket team.
A one-day international between the Sri Lankan team and Pakistan teams will be played in three ODIs and R20 matches.
Mykhawab and Yoilsson have been appointed as umpires in the one-day match series by the International Cricket Council.
The plane, which had departed Malaysia, had a technical glitch and was spotted when it went on the runway.
After the plane was stopped, 174 passengers survived.
The Malindo flight from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur is due to take off from Trichy at 10.35am on a daily basis.
He then left for Kuala Lumpur at 11.25 p.m.
As usual, the plane arrived in Tiruchi the night before yesterday.
The plane then departed from Tiruchi to Kuala Lumpur with passengers on board.
There were 174 passengers on that flight.
When they got on the runway, the pilot noticed a technical spike in the plane's elimination.
The plane then stopped at the runway.
The plane was then brought to a standstill where it took off at the airport.
Engineers were working to fix the technical glitch.
As a result, passengers were sitting on the plane for two hours.
But as the technical chaos unfolded, all passengers were disembarked from the plane.
This was followed by 138 passengers staying in private accommodation.
Other passengers were forced to change their flight dates and return to their homes despite having their flight tickets cancelled.
If the incident had taken place after takeoff with a technical glitch, the plane may have been in a state of disarray in the crash.
But because the pilot spotted the technical glitch at the right time, the plane did not depart.
So far, 174 passengers have survived.
In this case, the technical spike in the aircraft was fixed.
The plane, with 138 passengers on board, departed from Kuala Lumpur at around 5 pm yesterday.
More than five thousand people have so far been infected with dengue spread by 'ATS'-type lungs in India, the Indian Health Department has said.
More than a thousand people have been affected by dengue in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry so far.
Dengue fever is spreading rapidly in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
A 12-year-old girl in Chennai and a student in Krishnagiri died earlier in the day, Indian media reported.
Thirteen5 people have been admitted to Chennai government hospitals and are undergoing treatment.
Rain has been falling in several places in Tamil Nadu over the past few days.
Special teams have been set up across Tamil Nadu on behalf of the Municipal Administration and Department of Health to monitor dengue activity.
The country's health department has also advised those affected by dengue to seek treatment in government hospitals.
The extension of time for Aadhaar linkage with Pan number till December 31
The time limit for linking Aadhaar with Permanent Income Tax Account Number (PAN) has been extended till 31st December.
This is the seventh time that the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBD) has extended the time for the Pan-Azhar link.
The Union Government had earlier extended the period from 31st March to 30th September for 6 months.
This period has now been extended for another three months.
The UDAY provides a 12-digit ID number for every citizen of India.
The Income Tax Department provides an identification number for the individual and company who pay income tax in the number 10 number of Fixed Income Tax Accounts (PANs).
On 1st July, 2017, the Central Board of Direct Taxes had announced that Aadhaar should be linked to income tax number.
After that, the time for Aadhaar-Ban link has been extended several times.
Meanwhile, in September last year, the Supreme Court, hearing a case filed against the issuance of Aadhaar card to citizens, ruled that the Aadhaar scheme would go ahead as per the law.
The Supreme Court also ruled that Aadhaar number is mandatory for paying income tax.
Meanwhile, when filing income tax returns, it is sufficient to specify Aadhaar number instead of BAN. The Central Public Budget was announced on 5th July last year.
DMK leader M.K.Stalin visited the bottom archaeological sites of Vaigai Kalai revealing Tamil culture in person today.
The results of the analysis revealed that the life style of Tamilians who lived in the ancient period of literature is blood and flesh and it is not fiction.
On the banks of the river Ganga in the north, urban civilization began in the 6th century BC.
But on the banks of the river Waigai in the south, in the 6th century BC, there was scientific evidence showing that Tamils lived a culinary city life, and that Tamils lived a rich life with a better knowledge of literacy.
The bottom line is that the results have created a position to revisit the history of the Indian subcontinent.
A large number of people visit an underground auditorium which gives pride to every Tamilian.
Recently, the Chief Coordinator of the Tamil Nadu Party, Seeman visited the Kiladi Auditorium.
Following him, DMK leader M.K.Stalin went to the bottom of the stairs and visited the archaeological sites.
He was accompanied by CPM MP S Venkatesan and a host of leading DMK executives.
In this regard, Stalin has uploaded to his Twitter page a video entitled 'When he visited the underground land that inspired the world of Tamil civilization 2600 years ago.'
Trump asked for an investigation into the President of Ukraine!
The White House has confirmed that reports that Donald Trump asked the Ukrainian President over the phone to launch an investigation against former Vice President Joe Biden, a potential presidential nominee for the Democratic nomination, are true.
The Democratic-controlled House of Representatives has proposed a resolution to impeach Trump for allegedly pressuring a foreign country to investigate the US leader.
In this regard, on the instruction of Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy, six committees have been constituted and an inquiry has been opened into the action of the President.
At this point, Trump told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on the last day of the July 25 phone call, "So, investigate," Trump has said at the time.
The White House issued a formal statement yesterday on what the two Presidents had discussed.
So it is agreed that the conversation that took place is true.
Meanwhile, speaking to reporters outside the United Nations meeting, Donald Trump said the request was made in a friendly manner.
The President of Ukraine said no pressure was exerted on him.
But one thing to note is that the U.S. government abruptly suspended nearly $400 million worth of financial aid to Ukraine.
Then, some time later, the funds were allocated.
Democrats are going to keep going and tie the knot with this idea that Trump spoke to the President.
So the incident has started to take a storm in American politics.
Joe Biden, son, Hunter, was appointed in April 2014 as a member of Ukraine's Charter Board of Purpose Holdings.
Significantly, the company was involved in natural gas extraction operations in Crimea, a Ukranian peninsula annexed by Russia.
The investigator who investigated the abuse complaint against Purisma Holdings has been dismissed.
The Republican Party is accusing Joe Biden of having a hand in this.
But Hunter is refusing to step down following allegations that he used his father for business matters.
The case of a government official whispering to reporters in the presence of the Minister of School Education, Red Fortyan has caused a stir.
The Minister inaugurated the Red Fortian Drinking Water Project at Tanganayake Penhai near Gopi in Erode district.
As reporters were taking pictures of him, Muthulingam, an assistant operations officer of the Tamil Nadu Water Disposal Board, was standing in front of them in a disturbing manner.
Because of this, the press has been saying, "Sorry, sir, get a little bit away and stop."
"You're telling me to push someone, you're telling me what a great Ivana is," she once said, smiling at reporters who asked her to push her.
When he realised that he was in the house, he ordered him to leave immediately.
Following this, the top brass drove Muthuralingam not to be at the function and to get up immediately.
However, more than 15 journalists took to the roadblock to demand departmental action against Assistant Operator Muthulingam.
After being informed about this, the Minister contacted the top officials of the Tamil Nadu Water Disposal Board (Tamil Nadu Water Disposal Board) in Erode district and asked them what courage they had taken to attend the state function.
She also asked for Mutharika's suspension.
Minister Pandiarajan said that in Phase 5 broadband, historical traits have been gained to sustain the reputation of the underworld.
In the presence of Jayakanthan, Kathar and G. Bhaskaran, the Minister of State for Language and Tamil Culture, K. Pandiarajan visited and told the press:
In the 5th century, there was a turning point in the ancient history of Tamil Nadu in broad daylight.
Kiladi is a rich region from 6th century to 1st century BC.
Based on the available evidence, urbanisation on the banks of the Vaigai River is on the rise.
In Kiladi, scientific calculations have concluded that the period of Tamil-Piram is more than 100 years old. In the 6th century BC, Tamil Nadu became a literate society.
Furthermore, samples from the 70 skeletons revealed by the study have been sent to Deccan College, a postdoctoral and research firm, to be analyzed on scientific grounds.
In this case, the gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, gardens, and gardens were all part of the building.
In the case of the cows, buffaloes, and goats, the animals are used to support agriculture, and in the case of the animals such as artisans, wolves, and wild pigs, some of which are cut down in the samples are used for feeding.
By the end of the study, the association community was primarily made up of agrarian people who also carried out animal husbandry.
Samples of brick-and-mortar roof tiles and the blueprint of the cathedral's cathedral have been sent to Vellore Technical University for analysis.
In each of these, minerals such as silicon, lubricant, iron, aluminium and magnesium were available to be found in the study.
Work is under way to build a museum at an estimated cost of Rs. 20 crore at the main site for the benefit of more Tamil scholars, students and the general public in the lower part of the country to protect such rare species.
Further work on Phase 5 broadband has been extended for two weeks and will be conducted continuously.
Similarly, Tamil Administrative Language and Tamil Culture Minister K. Pandiyarajan said that the state government will work in collaboration with the central government on the 6th broadband project in four locations next year.
Other dignitaries present on the occasion included Manamadurai legislator S Nagarajan, former parliamentarian Senthil Nathan, Assistant Director of Archaeology, Living Wage, Protector Azhagambi, Thiruppuvanam Vatarsar Raja and other government officials.
On the occasion of World Older People's Day, the Asiana Sublime Adult Residential Institute (AICA) organized an adult costume parade, dance and song celebration for the Andhra Club.
The 92 year old grandmother danced to the song 'Aadupambe.'
The Ramadan couple, who were chosen as the best adult couple, were presented with the prizes by actress Ambika, singer L R Eswari and Purnima Kumar.
Virgo Evans Purnima Kumar hosted the event.
Entrepreneur Nalli Kupusamy Chetty, actress Ambika and singer L R Eswari participated in the event and presented the prize to the winners of the competition.
Fifteen grandparents attended the fashion show.
Haribria took the top spot.
Suresh, Radhika 2, took 3rd place.
The beautiful grandparents marched with fashionable clothes.
Manik took first place and Kannon 2nd place.
Susan, Gala and Vanja won best dance bottoms.
In the race for Mrs. Chennai, the Ramadan couple took first place and the Srinivasan-Palambal couple took second place.
Families of the elderly attended and encouraged them.
Lalita, who is 92 years old, danced to the song Aadupambe.
Virgo Evans Purnima Kumar said that as Women's Day and Khadar Day, Veterans Day should be celebrated in a colossal manner.
Labour Commissioner Muthu Manickam to participate in International Labour Organization Meeting
International Labour Organization is the only Tripartite Forum in the United Nations.
Labour laws are enacted all over the world through the basis of the conventions and recommendations of the International Labour Organization of the United Nations.
A review of such conventions and recommendations is being held at the International Labour Organization's premises in Geneva, Switzerland, on Aug. 27.
The meeting will consult and deliberate on all the protocols and recommendations and send them to the recommendation of the Governing Council.
The meeting was attended by Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner Muthumanickam, Ministry of Labour and Employment, as the representative of the Government of India.
The tripartite meeting will be attended by international trade unions, employers and governments from 187 countries.
According to a press release issued by the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner, this is the first time that a Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner has been sent as a representative of the Indian nation.
Actor Vijay's father and director S A Chandrasekhar flew from Chennai today to attend an event at Nagarkovil in Kanyakumari district.
He was asked about Vijay's remarks and the protest by the AIADMK.
In response, he said, 'Subhashree died in the accident when a banner fell on him while he was riding his bike in the hospital.
Everyone has been talking about the incident ever since.
Vijay also spoke about something that everyone is talking about.
Why has the court not yet arrested those involved in Subashree's case?" the bench had asked.
At this point, Vijay had no idea why ministers and A.D.M.K.-Winters were protesting only for Vijay to say, "Is there a sign that Vijay's platform is coming into politics?"
"I don't know anything about it," she said.
Let's hurry up, hurry up," she tweeted.
Deputy Chief Minister O Panneerselvam today inspected the Tamil Nadu Citizenship Board residences at Raja Annamalipuram, Vallieswaran Temple Garden and heard public grievances.
The 488 apartments built between 1979 and 1980 are very bleak.
The Deputy Chief Minister assured the residents that work will begin soon and the construction of new residences will be completed soon, in line with the demand of the residents to demolish the dilapidated old settlements and build new ones.
At an estimated cost of Rs 67.89 crore, the Deputy Chief Minister said that demolishing the old apartment, which covers an area of 200 square feet and covers an area of 400 square feet, with a bedroom, a reception room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a toilet, showed that the new apartment was to be built soon under the Housing for All scheme.
He said the contractual points for the project have been finalised, adding that construction of new apartments will be expedited with the demolition of existing apartments soon.
The Deputy Chief Minister has directed the officers of the Cottage Area Transfer Board and the Chennai Municipal Corporation to maintain the area clean and sanitary till then.
O Panneerselvam said that so far 6 lakh houses have been built for the homeless poor and all will be given houses by 2023.
Ravi reached out to MLAs and officials.
On behalf of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation, the young artistes will compete in the Karnataka Music competition.
As a preview of the annual Indira Shivasailam Foundation concert at the Madras Academy of Music, the Indira Shivasailam Foundation held the 7th edition of "Anvesha Quest For the Beast," a concert organized by the Indira Sivasailam Foundation.
Introduced in 2018, the "Anvesha Bala Vidwan" competition provides a platform for emerging musicians to showcase their talents in the music of Karnataka in the presence of the famous umpire from "The Academy of Music Adventist Sculpture of Karnadaga" and recipients of the Indira Shivasailam Foundation Medal.
Participants in the Anvesha Balwidwan contest were asked to upload their talents and performances in the music of Karnataka in the form of a video on the Facebook page of Indira Shivasailam Foundation.
This year, nearly 100 contestants took part in the competition, including a handful of participants from Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and the U.S.A. and the Middle East.
The jury comprises Rita Rajan, Dr. R. S. Jayalakshmi, members of the editorial board of The Academy Advanced School of Curriculum Music, and Dr. Bandula Rama, who will receive the Indira Sivasailam Foundation Medal this year.
This year, a competition was introduced for artists aged between 10-15 with the exception of the scope and vocabulary (both flute and field) sections.
Participants in all three categories of the show showed off their talents in a very light manner.
The winners of the Anvesha 2019 contest were announced as underdogs:
Swatika and Pole S. Badangi, Kamatchi Ambarudhi and Abrahameh Seshadri have also won in the Vadia Karuppu category.
RT Siyam Raghav has won the Artist of the Year Award in the Opportunity Wife category for artists aged between 16 and 20.
Members of the Anvesha Tribunal, Dr Bandula Rama, Freedi Rita Rajan, Dr R S Jayalakshmi and Sunita Subramanian of the Indira Shivasailam Foundation, presented awards to the winners.
Visitors and participants who attended the event appreciated the efforts of the Indira Shivasailam Foundation, which is working to preserve the Karnataka Sangeet in art form among emerging artists.
Bilgates Foundation award to Indian little girl who fought against child marriage
A 17-year-old girl from Rajasthan has been awarded the 'Changemaker' (Changemaker of Change) Award by the Bilgates Foundation for her work fighting child marriage and child labour systems.
Fayul Jangit (17), a little girl from Hinsla village, located about 100 km from Jaipur, Rajasthan.
He campaigned vigorously against the prevalence of child marriage and child labour in his village.
He also carried out this campaign in some of the villages where Aru Gill was located.
Many of these couples have been forced to flee their homes.
In honor of Boyle's act, an award was announced for him by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
Meanwhile, the awards ceremony took place Tuesday night in New York City, USA.
Fayul Zhangit received the 'Changemaker' award from Deputy Secretary General Amina J. Mohammed.
After receiving the award, Boyle said, "There were many problems in our village.
Especially women who don't send their babies out to study.
They will marry at a young age.
The family decided to marry me too in childhood.
I then approached a socialite called R Valer and made peace with my father.
Following that, we held several marches and battled dads against child marriage and demanding that the children be sent to school.
We go to every house and raise awareness about it.
Parents should give every child the opportunity to improve his or her life.
A two-month period of amnesty has been announced in Jordan.
The Foreign Employment Bureau has announced that the amnesty period, which began on September 22nd, will remain in effect until November 29th.
Foreign nationals who travel to Jordan with a work visa and have no visa beyond a certain time will be able to travel to the country without paying any penalties during the amnesty period.
However, the Jordanian embassy said foreigners who are staying illegally on a tourist visa after the visa permit expires will be able to leave after paying penalties.
Amnesty was announced last February in Jordan for foreigners who were staying there illegally.
Does BJP have a foothold in Tamil Nadu's politics?
If you can't put a lot of spin and tar in Tamil Nadu, then finally caste politics is supposed to be in the hands of the BJP.
When Modi became prime minister for the first time, he had to leave Thamarai in Tamil Nadu to see Duzhavi.
After this, for the second time in a row, Amit Shah condemned the result of the last MP elections, saying, "You don't know what you will make of it. Tamarai should be settled in Tamil Nadu."
However, in all 5 contested seats, only dust was attracted.
Despite the macabre macabre protests across the country, there is still a wave of protest in Tamil Nadu.
This is above all triple talaq, Kashmir issue, Hindi imposition, One Nation is one language.
Since everything has been put together like this, there is still a lot to be found.
That's why the BJP leadership is reportedly on the cusp of overhauling the Tamil Nadu BJP administrators and that's why it's so complicated that not even the state leadership can be appointed yet.
On the one hand, the BJP is planning to root out the BJP in Tamil Nadu somehow before the upcoming assembly elections.
It seems that the BJP leadership has come to an almost certain conclusion through direct field rapport, intelligence rapport and so on.
Accordingly, the idea that the 2 Dravidian parties, be it the AIADMK or the DMK, are not sufficiently important to the people of Nadar, the people of Vanniyar and the Velayar of Devendra Kula is prevalent in their respective communities.
This is said to have upset Dravidian parties.
This suit has been started with a bazooka tactical handshake.
He has decided to honor the status quo by giving a post in a manner that glorifies or promotes the respective communities.
Soundararajan's nomination of Tamil musician as the Governor of Telangana is one such thing.
Similarly, the BJP government is also said to be giving importance to the nominees for the top post at ISRO.
As such, it is true that if the BJP acts in honour of every ethnicity, it will bring pride and happiness to the people of their respective ethnicities.
Moreover, one thing that does not matter is that in this caste politics, the BJP will do the same thing.
At the same time, at a time when Tamil Nadu is already reeling from caste politics, it is not known if these actions by Bajak will be enough to pour more oil on the burning fires.
It is true that if caste fires started like this, even the baldness of Thamarai, which is now a little bit bruised in Tamil Nadu, would get blackened in the same fire!
A labourer was slaughtered by Azami at a cottage near Viluppuram
A labourer was fatally killed by a knife-wielding teenage seagull in a pre-dawn clash near Viluppuram, Valavanur.
The assistant inspector who went to catch the culprit was also nervous as he was attacked with a knife.
Kengarampalayam, next to Valavanur near Viluppuram, is the son of Pichikaran from Kengarampalayam Colony, Tannikairaj (28).
Co-worker.
He is survived by his wife's son (33).
They are frequently involved in disputes and clashes while drinking in the area.
There are also cases against them at the police station in Valavanur.
At this point, Iyanar, who has been doing teenage business, has regularly been bullying members of the public by drinking alcohol in the middle of the night and holding a knife.
In this regard, he had gone out on Saturday evening after drinking alcohol and was seen in the Kengarampalayam Colony area, carrying a blue-dyed knife and threatening to go on the road.
When Iyanar went to Kensington Raj's house because of his antics, he had a dispute with him at his house.
In the clash, Ilakku Sehi is knocked out and Kensington Raj is suddenly cut off.
In this case, Kensikairaj fell down in a pool of blood and died at the scene.
Subsequently, Ayyanar is disturbed on the road as he chases the public with a knife.
Manikandan and police rushed to the scene where the informant, an assistant police inspector in Valencia, was found and tried to catch him.
Assistant inspector Manikandan was cut in the hand and injured in the knife attack.
He was immediately admitted to a private hospital and treated.
Following this, the police took Ayyanar into custody and took him to a police station.
On hearing about the incident, TSP J Shankar, the inspector general of police in Valavanur, Nandagopal and the police rushed to the spot where the murder took place and launched an investigation.
The scene of the murder in Kengarampalayam, a state border state of Puducherry, was put on lockdown as police put up security.
As per the complaint, the police in Valavanur have registered a case of murder and are conducting an active investigation into the arrest of Ayyanar.
Next to Chennai, a road safety camp and awareness march was held on behalf of the New Prince Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Science and the Madras Metropolitan Transport Police (Madipakkam Transport Police Sarakam).
M Prabhakaran, director of the New Prince Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Sciences, welcomed everyone.
Former Chief Minister V Karunanidhi, Chief Minister V Uma Devi, Deputy Chief Minister A Mathias Bacheli and others took the lead.
The meeting was chaired by L. Naveen Prasad, Vice President of New Prince Educational Groups and inaugurated the Road Safety Awareness Campus.
Madipakkam traffic police inspector Sivasankaran was the special guest and flagged off the vigil and handed over the guidelines on road safety regulations to the students.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the need for road rules should start from the students, because parents and this society depend on them.
It is the youth who suffer the most from road accidents and it is imperative that awareness programmes like this be conducted in schools and colleges to prevent this.
Instead of shopping around to penalise the traffic rules, everyone should adhere to them in order to protect your innate reputation.
Students should wear compulsory helmets when riding in a two-wheeler and never use a cell phone while driving a vehicle.
Vehicles should drive only after they have properly learned the rules of the road.
Vehicles must cooperate adequately with traffic police.
It could save the precious lives of students if every college administration continues to monitor students following the rules of the road.
The future of the country is in the hands of the youth and it is the duty of the traffic police and the public to protect such youth.
Ravikumar, Assistant Inspector General, Chief Guards Kandeepan, Srinivasan and Thyagarajan were present on the occasion.
Today marks 42 years since Professor Senaka died in an accident.
Today marks 42 years since Professor Senaka died in an accident while advancing the National Drug Policy.
He was found guilty of manslaughter on Guyana Island.
He is the first professor of medicine in the country.
Professor Senaka Vindile served as the first faculty dean of the Faculty of Medicine at Peradeniya University.
He disclosed the issues related to prescription drugs being promoted by the country's Fall National Institutes of Health and came under various pressure from these dealers.
The cost to the government of importing medicines to the country in various names is in the tens of millions of rupees.
So he demonstrated to the government the need for national drug policy.
He worked to provide patients with the 335 drugs they needed for a reasonable price and with high quality coverage.
In this case, he was responsible for the destruction of the town's gardens.
The mystery of her death has not yet been revealed.
There was no word on the Jammu and Kashmir issue during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at the United Nations today.
The 74th session of the United Nations is currently underway.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed India.
During his speech, he called on the world to unite against terrorism.
He recalled that when he was a teenager, he used to say, "All the people are gone, all the people are gone, all the people are gone."
Modi expressed pride that India is contributing towards a solution to the global warming problem and that India’s contribution to global warming is less and the solution is greater.
The Government of India is making a serious effort to become plastic-free.
He said that a massive health insurance scheme is being implemented in India.
Yadav and Ore are all gay. Modi had spoken in Tamil about the wonderful idea for the world at the UN Council.
But at no point in his speech did he mention anything related to the Jammu and Kashmir issue.
This is because the central government has firmly concluded that Jammu and Kashmir is India's internal matter.
Political observers say Modi has not uttered a single word on Jammu and Kashmir, only deliberately, as Pakistan wants it to become an international issue.
With this, Message has been given to the world that Kashmir is India's internal affairs.
2,993 tribals have passed the literacy exam held in Kerala.
In this case, the 85-year-old Moody's is also seeking selection.
According to the 2011 census, 93.91 percent of the population in Kerala was literate.
The Government of Kerala is making efforts to make this 100 percent.
For this purpose, the State Literary Commission was set up.
The Commission is conducting classes and examinations for literacy of people in each district.
Importantly, the Commission is making active efforts to provide literacy to tribals, fishermen and displaced labourers.
In this context, the first literacy classes were conducted last February for the people of the tribal belt in Wayanad district and the exam was conducted recently.
The exam had a score of 100; 30 marks were reserved for reading, 40 marks for writing skills, and 30 marks for mathematical knowledge.
It is mandatory to receive a score of 30 to qualify for this exam.
3,090 tribals from Wayanad district took part in this parade.
Of those, 2,993 were recruited, the Literary Commission said.
Among them was an 85-year-old Moody.
Director of School Education S. Kannappan has directed students in 27 Government and Government-funded schools to provide textbooks and notes for the second season on Aug. 3.
The circular he sent to all District Principal Education Officers, District Education Officers on Wednesday reads:
Government and Government-funded schools have been provided to all districts through TFL.
Similarly, second season priceless textbooks have been sent through Tamil Nadu Textbook Corporation.
All district principal education officers will be required to provide textbooks and notes to all government-funded schools in their district by Sept. 30.
He further directed all Headmasters to provide priceless textbooks and notes for the second season, on the first day of the school year, after the quarter-final holiday.
