Today is International Day of Information.
To this end, the Ministry of Mass Media has declared Information Month.
It will run from 15th of this month to 15th of next month.
A number of programs to encourage people to act on the right to information will be implemented during this period.
In Sri Lanka, a law on information will be passed by parliament in 2016.
It is a step towards further strengthening democracy.
Currently, the law is ranked as the fourth law in the world.
The use of plastic products is banned at the BJP headquarters in Delhi.
There, single-use plastic items such as water bottles are banned.
India is now preparing for the next election frenzy.
Elections will be held in Maharashtra and Haryana on 21 next month.
The results of the election are due to be announced on 24 May.
All the parties are now preparing very seriously for this.
A meeting of the Election Committee was held in Delhi on behalf of the BJP.
PM Modi, BJP national president Amit Shah and BJP national executive chairman J P Nadda were involved in the consultation.
PM Modi was previously involved in consultations with the BJP's election committee in March.
Then, in his Independence Day speech, he spoke of avoiding plastic.
He demanded that single-use plastics be avoided.
At this point, there is now a total ban on single-use plastic products at the BJP headquarters.
Most importantly, all the water bottles have been dropped altogether.
Water bottles were also not used in the BJP meeting today.
Instead, people who come in are given a glass jar of water.
The move is said to have followed a request from Prime Minister Modi.
It should be noted that many netizens have been praising and commenting on the move.
Gulalai Ismail is from Pakistan.
A social activist, she has spoken out against child marriage, violence against women, arrogance and oppression there since childhood.
He posted photos on social media with evidence of the Pakistani army's sexual harassment of tribal Pashtun women and girls in some areas, including Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Baluchistan province.
As a result, Kulalay has been charged with "treason" and the country's police are actively trying to arrest him.
But Gulalai Ismail fled Pakistan with the help of friends and relatives and has been granted asylum in the United States.
Meanwhile, Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan addressed the UN in New York earlier yesterday.
"There are no militant organizations in Pakistan, so we all have to unite against extremism," he said.
Police are investigating the death of a young man who was electrocuted after using his cell phone as a charger.
Ramakrishnan hails from the Otapalli area near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district.
His son Devendran is 27.
He was working as a tower manager for a well-known private cell phone company.
Yesterday afternoon, Devendran had a cell phone charger in his house and was looking at it.
Suddenly there was an electrical leak and electricity went out on Devendran.
He was seriously injured when he was thrown overboard and tragically died.
Police arrived at the scene to investigate the incident.
Devendran's body was then sent to Pallipalayam Government Hospital for autopsy.
A complaint was filed at Pallipalayam police station.
Police have registered a case and are investigating.
The incident has caused a stir in the area.
The Supreme Court has categorically stated that it cannot give a day after October 18 to present arguments in the Ayodhya case.
The Supreme Court is hearing appeals against the Allahabad High Court's verdict in the Ayodhya case.
The hearing in the Supreme Court has been taking place on a daily basis since 6 May.
The court has instructed them to conclude arguments by October 18.
A bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi is hearing the case.
The hearing has been going on for an extra hour since last Monday.
During yesterday's argument, the Islamic organisations side objected to a report issued by the Department of Archaeology in 2003.
Commenting on the matter, the judges said: "If there was an objection to the archaeology department's report you could have raised it in the Allahabad High Court.
There you will get relief under the law.
We will not allow it to be raised here," they said.
Meanwhile, the Ayodhya case was reopened today.
At the time, Islamic organisations said they objected to the archaeological report and apologised if they had wasted court time.
Lawyers for Islamic organizations have not lost the right to question the archaeological report.
But the judges said they could not assess the evidence after it had been accepted by the court.
The judges again pointed out that arguments in the Ayodhya case should be completed by October 18 and said the Hindu and Muslim sides should specify a timeframe for concluding their arguments accordingly.
The judges said they could not give a day to present arguments after October 18 and that it would be better to rule on the case in four weeks.
They also said that because of the holidays in October, only one lawyer would be allowed to present counter-arguments on the part of Hindu organisations.
Uttarakhand BJP Chief Minister Trivendra Singh has been indifferent to the fact that for dengue fever, increasing the dosage of the prescription drug will do nothing else.
About 4800 people in Uttarakhand have been diagnosed with dengue fever.
Officials have also confirmed that 3000 people have been infected with dengue so far in Dehradun and 1,100 in Haldwani.
Also dead were four people in Dehradun and two in Haldwani.
According to a state health department report, as of September 17, eight people had died.
After all, when asked by a reporter whether the mosquito-borne epidemic is on the rise in Uttarakhand, Trivendra Singh said indifferently, "Patients suffering from dengue are going to be cured by taking paracetamol medication at 650 milligrams of dosage instead of 500 milligrams of dosage and resting for a while."
The death of a priest after a mysterious object exploded in a puja room near Tiruvallur has caused a stir in the area.
Govindaraj, 45, lived in the Lord of the Rings area next to Tiruvallur.
She is a saint and is not married.
I also know Siddhartha, Jyoti and yoga.
A native of Nanganallur, Chennai, he bought an acre here 15 years ago and lived alone.
He grew herbaceous plants around the house.
Last Saturday, Lavanya, a young woman from Besant Nagar in Chennai, came and stayed at Govindaraj's house.
Samiyar Govindaraj was performing the puja in the puja room of his house yesterday evening.
Suddenly the mysterious object exploded with a terrifying sound.
The fire broke out on Govindaraj's body.
He ran out of the house screaming.
When Lavanya, who was in the room next door, came out after hearing the noise, she was shocked to find Govindaraj's body blackened.
Govindaraj, who suffered severe burns to his body, tragically died at the scene.
Upon hearing the news, Mappedu police rushed to retrieve Govindaraj's body and sent it to Tiruvallur government hospital for autopsy.
Lavanya had a lucky escape as she was in a nearby room when the mysterious object exploded.
What was the object that exploded in the puja room?
It is not known if it was a bomb.
Forensic expert Nalina and officers led by Deputy Superintendent of Police Harini collected clues at the scene.
They have sent it for analysis.
What was the object that exploded in the puja room just after its conclusion?
There is also a scattering of blood in the puja room.
Police suspect there is no chance of bloodshed when the fire breaks out.
Based on the result of Govindaraj's physical examination, they have decided to conduct a further investigation.
The woman who was staying with him is also being questioned.
The death of a priest after a mysterious object exploded in the puja room has caused a stir in the area.
The case of recruitment in the NEET exam is being investigated by CPCID police.
Both Udit Surya and his father Venkatesan, who were arrested the day before yesterday, were questioned at the CBCID office in Theni.
Delhi South Regional Superintendent Vijayakumar and Deputy Superintendent Hardwin Jagadeesh Kumar and Theni CBCID Inspector Chitra Devi investigated and made appropriate statements.
They then completed a medical examination and appeared before Theni Criminal Justice Tribunal Judge Panneerselvam at 8.15pm last night.
Actor Sasikumar is shooting a film... sick public hospital patients?
All the hospital inpatients were overwhelmed by the noise.
Many watched, including night doctors, nurses and staff.
Investigation revealed that all the ambulances were used for the shooting of a new film starring actor Sasikumar and directed by Bonram.
Actor Sasikumar reportedly did not get proper permission from hospital management for the shooting of the film.
Immediately, members of the public blocked the ambulances and argued with the crew.
Police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver away for questioning.
But by then the crew had left, according to those present.
We contacted the crew for an explanation of the incident.
But I couldn't communicate.
Yesterday a statue of Natarajan recovered from Australia was placed at the Kulasekara Mudaliar temple shrine in Kallidikurichi.
Tirunelveli district has a temple to the charismatic heroine Sameda Kulasekara.
The two-and-a-half-foot-tall statue of Natarajan in the ancient temple, as well as the iconic statues of Sivagami Ambal, Manikavasagar and Sripalinath, were looted in 1982.
It turned out that the statues were in the Australian Museum.
The statue was recovered and brought to Tamil Nadu in an attempt by a separate force led by Pon Manikavel, a special officer in the anti-smuggling unit.
The stone was brought to Kumbakonam yesterday morning following a court order.
The statue in a police vehicle was greeted with a pantomime by members of the public at Kallidikurichi.
The statue was later placed in a temple shrine.
Special officer Pon Manikavel said: 'We will soon find three other statues, including Sivagami Ambal, that were stolen along with this.
Those involved in this incident will be arrested soon, "he said.
CPCID police have arrested and are questioning three other medical students and their father in connection with NEET recruitment.
Uditsurya and her father, Dr Venkatesan, who works at Stanley Hospital in Chennai, have been arrested in connection with the NEET recruitment scandal.
Dr Venkatesan was suspended yesterday as they continue to be questioned.
Meanwhile, CPCID police were conducting a thorough investigation into the recruitment issue.
Three medical students from Kancheepuram were caught yesterday and three more students have been arrested today.
CPCID police arrested three people from Krishnagiri and Villupuram medical colleges - Abhirami, Praveen and Rahul - and their father today and are questioning them.
Six middlemen have been arrested in the matter.
The CPCID is now said to have taken action based on his testimony during the interrogation of Udit Surya's father.
According to the CPCID, there have been a series of shocking revelations on the issue of NEET recruitment.
President Maithripala Sirisena said the emergence of a system in the country where graduates from universities demonstrate in the street asking for jobs was due to an education system away from science, technology and research.
Therefore, it is very important to make the necessary fundamental changes to national education policies and introduce and implement the new education systems of developed countries in the world, "the president said.
The president was speaking at the second phase of the 'Shilpa Sena' exhibition, which began at the Kallella National Stadium in Polonnaruwa early yesterday (25).
The second phase of the Shilpa Sena exhibition, which will be regulated by the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, will be held at the Kallella National Stadium in Polonnaruwa from yesterday to the 29th with knowledge, innovation and various delightful events.
Speaking at the event, the president added that the advancement of the world is through innovations in science and technology that arise through research.
The president also explained the need for experts in the field to pay close attention to that in an age when the cooperation of scientific, technical and research sectors is much needed in order to overcome the challenges facing our countrymen due to climate change.
The main challenge in the journey towards development as a country is that most people in the political sphere, science, technology and research think only about themselves and not about the country, the president said, adding that the country is losing the academics it needs in the services of engineers, doctors and accountants because academics receiving free education have left the country thinking only about themselves and not about the country.
The Shilpa Sena exhibition, which takes place under the theme 'A prosperous country with strong hands', is mainly divided into five categories in the technology sector: enterprise, industrial market, new products, blue-green category and entertainment.
In the technology sector category, STEM education is organized to promote modern scientific, technical and research knowledge on key themes such as space technology, biotechnology, robotic technology, nanotechnology, megatonics, new strength, blue green technology, and 55G IOT.
The new products section of the Shilpa Sena exhibition showcases more than 250 innovations developed by innovators in this country, as well as the projects needed to commercialise those products.
The president opened the exhibition and visited it and had a cordial discussion with the working group.
The event was attended by a number of officials including Chintaka S. Lokuhetige, secretary of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research.
The Dussehra festival began with the flag raising at the Mutharamman temple in Kulasai.
At the Mutharamman temple in Kulasekaranpatnam, near Tiruchendur in Thoothukudi district, the annual Dussehra festival is world famous.
After Dussehra, which is held at the Chamundeshwari Amman temple in Mysore in India, it is in Kulasai that millions of devotees turn out for Dussehra.
The uniqueness of the Mutharamman temple festival in Kulasekaranpatnam is that she wears various roles out of frustration and pays a fair debt.
It's especially special for those who play the role of Kali and have 48 days of strict fasting.
The Dussehra festival for 2019 began this morning with a flag raising ceremony.
The Dussehra festival runs for 10 days.
The main event of the Dussehra festival, Mahishasuravatam, will take place on October 8.
That night, she would wake up on the beach in Kulasai and feast on Mahishan.
More than 6 lakh devotees are expected to come to see her on the occasion of the festival.
Along with Gnanamurtheshwar, the devotees have the great privilege of having a darshan of Amma and Appan together as Mutharamman sits in the mausoleum.
It is the unwavering belief of devotees that the umbilical cord is capable of solving mental health problems, marriage bans and childbirth bans.
Twenty people died in a powerful earthquake in Indonesia on Thursday.
The country's National Disaster Response Agency and Response Force said:
The powerful earthquake struck near Ambon Nagar, located in the Maluku Islands region, at 8.45am (local time) on Thursday.
The quake was recorded at 6.5 units on the Richter scale.
The quake caused several houses to collapse and caused landslides in various places.
Twenty people died in the incidents.
They died after being trapped in the rubble of buildings and buried in landslides.
One of them, a woman, slipped and died while speeding in a two-wheel drive towards a higher area for fear of a tsunami.
In addition, 100 people were injured as a result of the quake and 2,000 were evacuated to safer areas, officials said.
The city of Ambon, home to 4 lakh people, and surrounding areas were reported to have been affected by the quake.
After the city's hospital was shaken by the quake, patients and others rushed out of the area.
As a result, a vacant camp has been set up and patients are being housed in it, according to reports.
It is worth recalling that an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.5 struck Indonesia last year, killing 4,300 people.
There has been an attempted robbery at an ATM in Kancheepuram.
A mystery gang of three men on a motorbike fled when they saw police.
There is a State Bank of India ATM in the Velanka workshop area of Kancheepuram.
Three mysterious men on a motorbike stopped the car in front of the ATM at around 3am this morning and then saw the camera at the door of the ATM.
Then they sprayed the camera they had brought with them.
Kancheepuram Taluka Police Inspector Bhaskar, Sub-Inspector Sellapillai and police were on night patrol through the area at the time.
When police heard the sound of Haran, three men on motorbikes quickly picked up the car and fled.
But Inspector Bhaskar chased them for a while.
But he entered a chandelier and managed to escape.
Kancheepuram Taluka police have registered a case and are searching the net for the mysterious men who tried to rob the ATM.
Millions of dollars in the ATM escaped as police arrived there on patrol.
Minister Sellur Raju has said that Tamils should congratulate PM Modi for his speech at the UN to highlight the glories of Tamil.
As far as cooperative minister Sellur Raju is concerned, he will speak lively at the AIADMK meetings he attends and ease the tension there.
He will also make headlines for his interview even if he meets the press.
In the meantime, at a UN meeting in the US, PM Modi had quoted the extraterrestrial lyrics "Yadum ur everyone is listening."
He said today that Tamils should thank and congratulate Prime Minister Modi for that and it is our duty.
PM Modi has also told world leaders at the UN that he has made Tamil proud.
He flagged off the new buses at Arappalayam bus station in Madurai, he told reporters.
Minister Sellur Raju's interview has left the BJP shouting.
In the meantime, he said there was rule of law in Tamil Nadu and an example of that was the arrest of Jayagopal, a former AIADMK councillor responsible for Subashree's death.
He promised that whoever makes a mistake, the AIADMK government will not watch it and will take action without mercy.
Tahil Ramani was the chief justice of the Madras High Court.
A year after appointing him as chief justice, the Collegium panel recommended to the central government to appoint another chief justice for Chennai.
Accordingly, it was decided to appoint Tahil Ramani as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
Judge Tahil Ramani refused to accept the change of venue and requested the Collegium.
However, his request was rejected.
As a result, he gave a letter of resignation.
At this point, a case was filed against the transfer of Tahil Ramani.
Meanwhile, the central government announced that Tahil Ramani's letter of resignation had been accepted.
The case was also dismissed.
Meanwhile, a sectional supper ceremony was held for Tahil Ramani on behalf of the Madras High Court Bar Associations.
28 demonstration on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance denouncing the Hindu Front's violent stance over the backpacker company attack and urging police to take swift action.
On the 5th of last month, more than 60 people broke into a backpacker company on Hungrypalayam Road in Tiruppur and attacked it.
As a result, the workers there were attacked and company property was damaged.
The police have arrested only a few people.
A protest against the incident was announced on the 9th of last month on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance parties in Tiruppur amid strong condemnation from industry, various political parties, movements and the general public.
When permission was refused, a complaint was filed with the district collector and Tiruppur Metropolitan Police Commissioner.
At a subsequent consultation meeting, a demonstration was announced again on September 17 on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance.
Since the police refused permission for the demonstration as well, a protest demonstration started at 11 am on the 17th of last month in front of Tiruppur Municipal Corporation "condemning the violent tendencies of the Hindu Front - and urging the police to take swift action."
The demonstration was led by DMK secretary K Selvaraj of the northern district of Tiruppur.
All party executives including CBI (M) state committee member K Kamaraj, CBI (M) secretary S Muthukannan of Tiruppur district, CBI secretary M Ravi of Tiruppur district, Ramaswamy of the Congress party and Madhimuga Sampath were present at the demonstration.
Police crossed the line that they were not allowed to demonstrate in the midst of the demonstration.
The secular Progressive Alliance said at the time; on 5 May in Tiruppur, an organisation called the Hindu Front attacked a backpacker company and rioted.
We formally asked permission for a democratic demonstration to protest the incident, the police did not give permission, we filed a complaint with the ruler and the police commissioner about it, and since the police refused permission for the demonstration after that, a democratically charitable demonstration is now taking place in defiance of the ban.
Police have also arrested only a handful of people in the attack on the backpacker company.
Still, they said the police should take swift action in arresting leading Hindu gangsters involved in the incident.
Large numbers of more than 500 people, especially women, took part in the demonstration and spoke out against the violence, prompting police to back away from arresting the protesters.
The demonstration strongly condemned the attack on a backpacker company in Tiruppur by the Hindu Front and the religious-violence being perpetrated by the Hindu Front in various forms.
It is no exaggeration to say that the demonstration by the democratically controlled secular Progressive Alliance created awareness against violence among the people of Tiruppur!
A fine of Rs 100 crore has been collected from those who travelled by OC on the train.
Those travelling without a ticket on the train will be prosecuted by railway police and fined.
To that end, the number of people travelling without a ticket has increased this year compared to last year.
In the last months of April to September 2018, they registered 17.42 lakh cases of "OC" travel and collected fines totalling Rs 87.98 crore from them, while in the current year from April to September, they registered 19.15 lakh cases and collected fines of Rs 100.29 crore, according to a press release from Central Railway.
Collectors showed Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy the awards given by the central government to Namakkal and Tiruvallur district for outstanding work in medical care and received congratulations.
Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy was greeted at the Secretariat yesterday (26th) by Namakkal District Collector M. Asia Mariam and Tiruvallur District Collector Maheshwari Ravikumar at a function held in New Delhi on 6.9.2019 on behalf of the Ministry of Women and Child Development of the Government of India on behalf of the Ministry of Women and Child Development of the Government of India on behalf of the Ministry of Women and Child Development of the Government of India.
Social Welfare and Nutrition Programme Minister Dr. V. Saroja, Chief Secretary K. Shanmugam, Social Welfare and Nutrition Programme Secretary S. Madhumati and Social Welfare Commissioner D. Abraham were present during the event.
"If I do, people will come forward to do it!" says Ram Singh, speaking of the initiative, "I could see people's frustration with the difficulties of buying too many vegetables, traffic jams and environmental pollution.
While many people have complained about it, they don't seem to realise that they are thinking of an alternative, or that the solution lies with them.
The right solution is that if I do what I believe in, people will come forward to follow.
So my wife and I walk 10km once a week to buy vegetables.
It has been going on for six months, so now it has become a habit.
I am very satisfied mentally at the moment," he said.
"Many people said it was difficult to walk carrying lots of vegetables and I recommended to them to carry a bamboo basket to combat the threat of plastic," he said.
But they laughed when they heard it.
So my wife and I went to the market carrying a bamboo basket.
That's when I found out for myself that it would be very helpful in many ways.
Many young people these days are not in healthy health.
I think they should start walking and control their food.
I am someone who believes deeply that the traditional system can provide the best solutions to new challenges in a modernized world.
One can be in full health if one resorts to traditional methods," says Ram Singh with enthusiasm.
Cardiovascular diseases, including heart attacks, are among the leading causes of death globally, said Dr. G. Sengotuvelu, a heart surgeon.
World Heart Day is observed annually on September 29.
In the lead-up to this, an awareness event called Connect by the Heart - Save the Heart was held on 27 September 2019 in Thyagarayar Nagar, Chennai.
Dr. G. Sengotuvelu, a top consultant and interventional heart therapist at Apollo Hospital, presided over the event.
Filmmaker Sivakumar, who was a special guest, accepted the pledge of heart keepers - heart heroes - including doctors at the head centre.
Shivakumar went on to address healthy living.
It was received by the head of the hospital, Dr A Muruganathan.
Speaking on the occasion, medical expert G. Cheng Kotuvelu said:
Heart diseases, including heart attacks, are among the leading causes of death globally.
Heart diseases are on the rise in India.
Young people also suffer heart attacks.
If we are conscious and keep our bodies safe, we can prevent heart disease by 80 per cent.
If mom, dad, grandparents and grandparents have heart diseases, we are also likely to have heart disease.
If we get our lifestyle right, we can prevent heart disease to some extent.
In existing modern medicine, it is possible to predict who will have a heart attack.
If detected early, you can prevent a heart attack.
Even if you have a heart attack in spite of it, you can recover quickly.
This is what he said.
The Election Commission has reduced the disqualification period of Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh, who was convicted in a corruption case, from six years to one year and one month.
This has removed the impasse over contesting the Tamang by-election.
The Sikkim Assembly election was held along with the Lok Sabha elections.
The Sikkim Krantikari Morcha won a landslide victory in the election.
The party's leader Prem Singh Tamang took over as chief minister of the state.
But a lower court sentenced Tamang to prison in 2016 in a corruption case.
This was also upheld by the Supreme Court, which forced him to serve a prison term.
The controversy erupted on the eve of Tamang's inauguration because a man who served a prison sentence in a corruption case cannot run for election for six years.
In the meantime, Tamang is contesting assembly by-elections in Sikkim.
Tamang is governing in Sikkim with the support of the BJP.
In the meantime, Tamang had sent a letter to the Election Commission asking it to lift the six-year ban on him contesting elections, citing various sections of the law.
After considering the letter, the Election Commission has announced that it will reduce the ban period for Tamang from one year to one month.
This does not prohibit Tamang from contesting the assembly by-election.
The BJP can now begin to play its politics in other states, including Tamil Nadu, using the concession given to Tamang.
There may also be reports of the Election Commission fulfilling the BJP's wishes in full swing.
Venkatesan, a government doctor who is the father of student Udit Surya, has been suspended in connection with the NEET recruitment case.
Joseph, who also acted as an intermediary in the recruitment affair, has been arrested in Kerala.
Udit Surya, a student at Theni Government Medical College, was found to have cheated in the NEET exam.
Police then registered a case against Udit Surya and his family.
But Udit Surya and his family fled and went into hiding.
Udit Surya had also petitioned the court for bail.
Tamil Nadu police arrested Udit Surya, who was hiding with his family in Tirupati.
Udit Surya's family were caged and brought to Theni and interrogated for several hours.
During the trial, Udit Surya's father Dr Venkatesan acknowledged that he had recruited his son to become a doctor.
After Venkatesan confessed to police, they all appeared in court and were jailed.
Udit Surya's father worked as a government doctor at Stanley Hospital in Chennai.
Now that he has been arrested and jailed, the Tamil Nadu government has suspended Venkatesan.
Also, a middleman, Joseph, has been arrested in Kerala on the basis of a confession made by Venkatesan.
He is due to be brought to Tamil Nadu for questioning.
Venkatesan, a doctor at Stanley Government Hospital in Chennai who is the father of student Udit Surya, has been suspended in a case of recruitment in NEET.
Meanwhile, CPCID police today launched an investigation into the NEET training centre run by broker Joseph in Thiruvananthapuram.
Joseph is said to have carried out massive recruitment scams in the name of the NEET training centre.
That's why Joseph has been easily approached by Udit Surya's father, Dr Venkatesan.
CPCID police are also examining documents at Joseph's training centre.
By-elections for the vacant seats of Nanguneri and Vikravandi in Tamil Nadu will be held on 21 October.
The DMK is contesting the Vikravandi seat and the Nanguneri seat has been given to its ally Congress.
Last night, Mukul Wasnik, general secretary of the All India Congress Party and in charge of Tamil Nadu, announced the name of the Congress candidate standing in Nanguneri constituency.
Kancheepuram North District President Ruby Manoharan, 60, has been announced as the candidate.
Ruby Manoharan's hometown is Marayapuram near Marthandam in Kanyakumari district.
He served in the Indian Air Force for 15 years and has since run a construction company in Chennai.
On the occasion of Periyar's 141st birth anniversary, 535 Malaysian government Tamil schools were gifted a book of writing reform in a special ceremony.
Periyar's book Reform of Writing was introduced in government Tamil schools in Bukitpantung and Mentakap Estate.
And the book will be sent in phases to 535 Tamil schools operating in Malaysia.
In the first phase, the books were sent to 150 Tamil schools operating in the state of Pahang and Silangor.
More than 50,000 students attend these schools.
And it should be noted that more than 7,000 Asiris are employed.
This is a great opportunity for students and teachers studying here to learn about Periyar's contribution to the Tamil language through this book.
Dr. K. Veeramani's version was explained during the introduction ceremony and addressed by M. Govindasamy.
During the event, Chinniah was honoured with the Periyar Volunteer Award.
Periyar great-grandfather K. K. Raman, a poet and former head teacher of a Tamil school, read a poem about Periyar.
It should be noted that poet Shanmugam from Taipei was also awarded the title of rationalist.
There are revolutionary movements before and after Bhagat Singh.
But it is no mere compliment that Bhagat Singh and his comrades have provided a new paradigm and clear ideology to revolutionary movements and thus Indian politics.
We can still see that there is a perception among people that revolutionaries are just fools and stone-throwers who don't care about human lives.
The Bhagat Singh period gives us a sense of their humanity and clear thinking and skill.
It was only after the April 1929 legislative bombing that Bhagat Singh's name became widely known in India.
A little further away in Tamil Nadu, he made his public debut in 1930.
But within a year of his debut, his fame had spread rapidly, even to all corners of Tamil Nadu.
This is the most amazing news in history, the name of any leader born in the north, including Gandhi, has never spread in Tamil Nadu in such a short period of time.
It was because of Father Periyar.
The week after Bhagat Singh was killed, an editorial appeared in the Republic Weekly headlined Bhagat Singh.
The editorial praised many of Bhagat Singh's characteristic interests and made some points about the political situation of the day.
A few excerpts from the headline:
"In fact," he said, "if Bhagat Singh had made a heartfelt determination that all his principles were right and decided that the models he behaved in order to carry it out were the right religion and if he had decided that he must have behaved as he did, we would say that if he had not behaved as he did, he would not have been able to say that he was a yogi man.
So now we will call him a real man.
It is our strong opinion that the Bhagat Singh policy is what India really needs.
If Mr. Bhagat Singh had not been executed and died, there would have been no evidence that this victory was caused by such popularity.
And let us say that if Bhagat Singh had not been executed, Gandhianism would still have been made.
Why did Bhagat Singh, who should have been suffering and dying of illness on his own, have to give up his life as a mother who could be used to show the people of India the path of true equality and peace for the people of the world?
We heartily, vociferously and handily applaud Bhagat Singh, saying it is a great privilege that no one else can achieve by ordinary people!'
Father Periyar said in an editorial in the Republic magazine.
Meanwhile, a guard named Dennis Turner, who was on guard duty at the school where the incident took place, arrested the adamant little girl at the school for kicking the teacher.
In particular, he has tied the girl's arm with a plastic tag and taken her in a police car to the Juvenile Assessment Centre, where a photo of the girl holding a plaque is taken in the same way as it is taken for criminals.
His fingerprints have also been taken.
The information has since been passed to the girl's family and she has been handed over to her family.
It is not known if he took the other child to the police station.
Her grandmother Kirkland, who agreed to release the identity of little girl Kaya Roll, told the media: 'My granddaughter, who suffers from a sleeping problem called Sleep Apnea, is sometimes so adamant as a result of the medication she takes for it.
I was so shocked when I told him he had been arrested for it, he said it would be difficult for any 6-year-old child to understand and explain it.
In Uttar Pradesh, 73 people have died in four days due to rain flooding and the weather department has issued a Red Alert in most districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh.
In Patna, the capital of Bihar, heavy rains over the past four days have caused flooding in many areas and disrupted rail and road traffic.
Several trains were cancelled this morning due to heavy rainfall in Bihar states.
Yesterday, the state's Chief Minister Nitish Kumar held a consultation meeting via video conferencing.
All schools have been ordered to close until Tuesday.
Heavy rains have also hit Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, where several people have died in rain-related incidents in the past few days.
Uttar Pradesh received 3 percent more rain than normal on Friday.
The eastern part of the state has been worst affected.
Yesterday, 42.5mm of rain fell in Prayagraj and 6.2mm in Varanasi.
This is much higher than average rainfall this year.
A total of 26 people died in various parts of Uttar Pradesh yesterday.
In the previous two days, 47 people died.
Heavy rains have flooded Lucknow, Amethi, Hardai and other districts.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has directed district collectors and regional commissioners to take all necessary security measures.
In Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, six people died due to rain in the past two days.
Three students have died after the wall of a government school collapsed in Topwara in Rajasthan's Udaipur.
Three people, including a police constable, died in Madhya Pradesh on Friday.
Their bodies were found about a kilometre from the scene.
On the 24th of last month, a report on the state of the global nuclear energy industry was released.
The chairman of the committee that produced the report was Michael Schneider.
According to the study, the nuclear energy sector fell from 17.46 percent of the world's energy demand in 1996 to 10.15 percent in 2018.
The decline shows that the world's attention is moving beyond nuclear energy to renewable, long-lasting energy.
Behind nuclear power, renewable energies such as solar power, wind power and hydropower are proliferating globally.
Each year, various organizations will work together to publish a report on the status of the global nuclear energy sector.
According to a report this year, the nuclear energy sector around the world appears to be on the verge of collapse.
The report notes that India's nuclear energy sector is also in dire straits.
Bill Gates honored Indian Prime Minister Modi with the Global Goalkeeper Award for his outstanding implementation of the Swachh Bharat Mission.
In India, the central government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced and implemented a "Clean India" programme.
The scheme was introduced on 2-10-2014, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, in 2014.
The project aims to build toilets in homes, build public toilets and create solid waste management.
More than 10 crore toilets have been built across the country under the scheme.
In 98 percent of villages, rural health care has been brought in.
In appreciation of the project, it was announced that Modi will be awarded the World Goalkeeper Award, an international achievement award, by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation in the United States.
PM Modi, who is on a tour of the United States, was awarded the Global Goalkeeper Award today.
Bill Gates, the world's richest man, presented Modi with the award at a ceremony on the sidelines of a UN Security Council meeting in New York today.
Prime Minister Modi, who received the award, said Mahatma Gandhi's dream of cleanliness has now been fulfilled.
Modi said he would present the award to the millions of Indians who have completed the Swachh Bharat Mission and made it a part of their daily lives.
Modi pointed out that the World Health Organization has said that 3 lakh people have been saved from various diseases by the Swachh Bharat Mission.
The health ministry has declared that the current rain and flood conditions are a disaster that can spread naysayers.
As a result, the health ministry has advised people to avoid unnecessary landing in the water.
The health ministry said the disaster situation caused by heavy rains in several districts has not diminished at present and the public should be vigilant in this regard.
Children and the elderly have been affected by the floods and have been admitted to hospitals.
As a result, Dr Hemantha Herath, chief officer of the Health Ministry's Disaster Management Unit, has asked the affected people to pay more attention to health care.
The Ministry of Education has issued a media statement regarding the holiday leave of teachers and principals.
Consultations and recommendations have been made to resolve pay disputes in the service of teachers and principals, the education ministry said in a statement.
The Ministry of Education said it was a grossly unjust act for teachers and principals based on their pay dispute not to attend the service on sick leave as the recommendation of the committee to remove the public services pay discrepancy to increase the salaries of all government employees, including teachers and principals, was ready to be implemented from 1 January next year.
It is the right of employees to engage in trade union activities.
It has not been challenged but the ministry has said that cheating on the opportunistic activities of unions, which are used as a strategy to deceive members by pointing to their action as a success even after learning of the potential pay increase, is not an acceptable activity for an intelligent and honourable profession such as teaching principals.
Education Minister Lawyer Akhilviraj Kariyawasam told parliament last July that there had been a massive increase in the salaries of teachers and principals in line with 2015 and that the amount had been increased by 106 percent, as well as an increase in salaries.
The minister had also told parliament on 7 June that the Ministry of Education had submitted suggestions and recommendations on the pay dispute of teachers and principals to the appointed Ranukke committee on the general pay dispute within the public service.
The allowance for principals has been increased from 650 rupees to 6,500 rupees.
The promotion, which had been delayed since the start of 2015, has now been formally carried out.
The system to take place to receive the pension has been prepared and implemented.
A competitive examination was conducted to restore the chancellor's service from politics and address shortcomings in the chancellor's quality in that service, and about 6,000 people were admitted to the service.
Measures such as teachers and principals being given the opportunity to train abroad and 25,000 people being recruited into the teaching service were carried out over the past four and a half years - that is, in a short period of time.
These were carried out with the aim of human resource development in the education sector, the Ministry of Education added in a press statement today.
Chennai student Uditsurya was accused of winning the NEET exam and enrolling in Theni Medical College.
As a result, the case was transferred to the CPCID.
Soon after, Udit Surya vanished with his parents.
Separate police caught Udhisurya and her father Venkatesan and mother Kayalvizhi in the foothills of Tirupati the day before yesterday.
The Goa court has filed charges against Goa state BJP legislator Adanacio Manzarate based on a complaint that he sexually assaulted a Minor girl.
He was charged with raping a 16-year-old woman.
Last year, the police filed a 250-page criminal complaint against him in the North Goa District Court.
The trial is scheduled to begin on October 17.
Atanasio is a legislator from Panaji constituency.
She was 55, and the year the alleged rape took place was 2016, when the woman was 16.
The woman had accused him of drugging her and selling her to her mother, Adanasio, for Rs 50 lakh.
It should be noted that Adanacio was arrested in 2016 and is currently on bail.
Pak-occupied Kashmir has been hit hard by an earthquake centred on Pakistan yesterday evening.
About 25 people have been killed there.
More than 400 people were injured.
A 5.8 magnitude earthquake centred on Pak-occupied Kashmir struck yesterday evening, killing at least 25 people, including women and children, and injuring 400 others, many of them seriously, Pakistani officials said.
The quake was centred 22.3 kilometres north of the Jhelum River, on the border separating Punjab and occupied Kashmir, according to the US Geological Survey.
The quake was centred on an area of 10 km.
It was felt in most parts of Punjab and parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Pakistan's chief meteorologist Mohammad Riaz said, however, that "the worst impact is in the (occupied) Mirpur district of Kashmir."
Mirpur Divisional Commissioner Mohammad Dayab said the epicenter of the earthquake was near the Jhelum River, causing devastation in the areas between Jatlan and Qari Sharif and damaging hundreds of homes, vehicles and other infrastructure.
He said 12 people had died on the way to the headquarters hospital in Mirpur, while 13 had died in different villages between Jatlan and Qari Sharif.
A total of 150 injured people are being treated at DHQ Hospital.
Many were sent to Rawalpindi for further treatment.
Mobile phone, phone service and electricity were cut off in rural areas.
As a result, people were unable to inform their neighbours or get help.
Election king Padmarajan has filed nomination papers with the electoral officer to contest the Nanguneri by-election.
Padmarajan hails from Veerakavalputhur village near Mettur in Salem district and has contested elections against several leaders including Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalithaa, Karunanidhi and Rajasekhara Reddy.
He contested the presidential election against Abdul Kalam, Pranab Mukherjee, Ram Nath Kovind and others.
He has spent Rs 32 lakh of his own money alone on deposits paid during the nomination process in the election.
Don't think he's super rich for that, he's a middle-class guy.
He is contesting the by-election for Nanguneri constituency and presented his candidacy to the polling officer, Nadesan, yesterday.
He says he is competing in Nanguneri for the 206th time and that his aim is not to win, but to make it to Guinness.
He says Limca is already in the book and says he will stop running for election if it is in the Guinness Book of Records.
This election king Padmarajan owns the record for the most times he has contested and lost elections in India.
The Vikram Lander has hit the ground strongly, and NASA released photo evidence.
28, NASA's LROC Orbiter has sent a picture of the location of Chandrayaan-2's Vikram lander, which crashed heavily into the south pole of the moon.
The Vikram lander of the Chandrayaan-2 spacecraft sent by ISRO landed on the south pole of the moon on 7 May.
But communication with it was cut off at the last minute.
Instead of landing slowly on the ground, the Vikram lander crashed so fast that it was thought to have been damaged and communications cut off.
In this case, NASA's LROC orbiter passed through the lunar south pole region on the 17th of last month.
At the time, the Vikram Lander has sent a very sophisticated picture of the plain area between two mounds, Simpelius N and Mancinus C, where it landed.
Examination of these images has confirmed that the Vikram lander crashed heavily to the ground.
That's why it has fallen a short distance from where it should have landed.
"The LROC orbiter passed the south pole of the moon on the 17th of last month," said John Keller, deputy director of NASA's EROC program.
At the time, it sent pictures taken during the evening darkness.
An examination of it has revealed that the Vikram lander crashed heavily to the ground and landed.
However, it was not possible to find the exact location where the Vikram lander landed.
The LROC Orbiter will pass through the South Pole again on the 14th of next month.
Since the light will be better then, there is a high probability that Vikram will capture the lander," he said.
The ideology of both PM Modi and US President Trump is the same.
Modi campaigns in support of US President Trump without worrying about the economy.
Sitaram Yechury alleged at a seminar in Puducherry that the principle of federalism has been called into question under the central BJP government.
A seminar on the topic of state rights and anti-people bills was held at Kamban Auditorium in Puducherry on behalf of the Marxist Communist Party.
Sitaram Yechury, general secretary of the Marxist Communist Party of India, gave a speech.
Speaking at the seminar, he said the BJP's campaign for one nation, one culture, one election and one education system had called India's diversity into question.
If you reject the government's anti-democratic stance, you can be arrested for being anti-national.
The amendment has been introduced.
He accused human rights abuses of going to jail for being a terrorist if they criticise the BJP or post on social media, adding that there is now an economic crisis in the country.
Because people don't have the power to buy.
But the government has poured Rs 2 lakh crore into rich employers.
He called on everyone to take part in the protest against this unpopular government from 10th to 16th October.
He continued, "The prime minister doesn't care about the nation, he doesn't care about the economy, he is campaigning for Trump.
When an actor from Bangladesh came to India to do propaganda, the Indian government blocked it.
But Modi has traveled to the United States to campaign for Trump to return to the presidency.
From this, Modi has confirmed that the ideology of the two is the same.
The principle of federalism has been called into question under federal BJP rule.
Sitaram Yechury alleged that the pledges of the constitution were being destroyed.
The seminar was attended by Balakrishnan, Tamil Nadu state secretary of the Marxist Communist Party, Puducherry state secretary Rajangam and leading leaders.
Compensation for all farmers who have registered with the Agricultural Insurance Council and paid insurance installments will be paid within 2 weeks, according to Agriculture, Rural Economic Affairs, Livestock Development, Irrigation and Maritime and Aquaculture Development Minister P. Harrison.
The Agricultural Insurance Council has been advised in this regard.
Under this, 3,000 farmers who have paid insurance installments for the areas of Ampara, Monaragala and Athimalai will be compensated for production damage.
The minister made the remarks during a discussion at the ministry's auditorium on rural economy.
Postal voting for the Elpitiya Divisional Council elections scheduled for 11th of next month will take place tomorrow.
Those who cannot vote by post tomorrow will have the opportunity to vote by post on the 4th of next month, according to Mahinda Deshapriya, chairman of the election dam committee.
Facilities have been made available at the Galle District Elections Office.
In order to vote by post, you must carry a national identity card or an ID card allowed by the Electoral Commission.
The opening of two libraries and a mausoleum on Periyar's birthday in Malaysia.
Mentaka Garden, Pahang State:
The Tamil school, which was set up in 1928, has about 100 students.
The Periyar Library was inaugurated here on 17-9-2019 by Govindasamy, President of the Estate Administrators (Saba) and a worker of the Dravidian Movement.
The event was presided over by Massimali Uma, the head teacher of the school.
Members of the school's board of directors, members of the Parent Teacher Association, teachers, students and Periyar bigwigs Avadiyar, Raman and Chinniah Aghi Yore were present.
The students were given tasty water drinks and fruit.
Periyar's books were donated to teachers and students at the school.
Bukit Raja Garden, Killan City:
There are about 160 students in the Tamil school here.
A large mausoleum was set up here.
About 500 books were given to the centre.
That event was presided over by the head teacher of the school, Mallika Palaniandi.
Periyar supporters and comrades of the Dravidian League were also present.
The students were given a tasting drink.
Teachers were gifted books by the great man.
Gadong Garden, Banding City:
The Tamil school employs about 100 students and 15 teachers.
The event was presided over by Ms Kanakam, the school's deputy head teacher.
The Periyar Library, where more than 400 books were donated, opened on 23 September 2019.
The students were given flavoured water.
The books of the great man were given as gifts to the Asiri Yars.
All of the above events were well organised by M. Govindasamy.
It should be noted that the three schools featured presentations about the great man and his work.
It should be noted that the work of Tamil leader Dr K Veeramani was consistently described in all the programmes.
Left-wing coalition candidate Mani C. Kappan has won the by-election for Kerala's Bala Assembly constituency.
K.M. Mani was part of the Congress alliance even though he broke away from the Congress and started a separate party.
K. M. Mani was a political leader who never lost an election in Kerala's political history.
K. M. Mani, who was a Union minister and minister of various departments in Kerala, died last April of ill health.
This led to the announcement of a by-election for Bala Assembly constituency.
Elections for the constituency were held on 23 May.
Mani C. Kappan as the left-wing candidate in the constituency, Jos Dom Pulikunnel as the Congress alliance candidate and Kottayam Hari as the BJP candidate.
The votes cast in the election were counted this morning.
Left-wing candidate Mani C. Kappan won with 54,137 votes.
The Congress coalition candidate who ran against him had 51,194 votes.
Left-wing candidate Mani C. Kappan won by 2,943 votes.
Kottayam Hari, the BJP candidate, received 18,044 votes.
In the last election in 2016, the BJP won 24,821 votes in the same seat.
The BJP has lost 6,000 votes in the current by-election.
Pala constituency has been dominated by the Congress alliance for the past 54 years.
Now the left has ended this dominance.
The depression in the sea area in the southwest of the country is likely to cause heavy rainfall in the sea areas from Batticaloa to Matara via Common.
Rain or thunderstorms along the coast from Kankesanthurai through Trincomalee to Batticaloa are likely.
Other waters around the country could see sporadic rain or thunderstorms in the evening or overnight.
Winds will blow southwest in the seas surrounding the country and wind speeds will be predicted between 10 and 30 kilometres per hour.
During heavy rainfall, wind speeds in these areas could temporarily reach between 70 and 80 kilometres per hour.
In such cases, the sea will be temporarily turbulent, according to a weather report for the sea area released today by the Department of Atmospheric Sciences.
PM Modi urged India to be included as a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group at a meeting in New York City, US.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is on a seven-day state visit to the United States.
PM Modi will address the annual General Assembly meeting at the UN tomorrow.
To this end, he has been attending various events and meeting world leaders.
As part of that, he met US President Trump at a Howdy Modi event in Houston, USA.
The two leaders held discussions on a wide range of issues including bilateral friendship, industry, trade, security, global issues, the Kashmir issue and more.
This was followed yesterday by a meeting of the Bloombok World Industry Forum in New York City attended by a number of CEOs of US companies.
Speaking on the occasion, PM Modi said:
Using nuclear power to produce fuel is still a challenge for India.
This is because India is not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
If India gets that opportunity, it will set an example for the world.
This is what PM Modi said.
The Nuclear Suppliers Group controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
India continues to take a number of steps as a member of this group.
While the United States and other countries supported India's visit, China opposed India's failure to sign the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
However, it is worth noting that last March six US companies announced that they would build nuclear power reactors in India.
An old people's dungeon has been found near the school.
Electricity workers dug a hole to plant a power line at Bharatinagar near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district the afternoon before yesterday (September 26).
There was a pot in it.
When I continued to dig, I realised it was an old people's dungeon.
It was discovered there were bones inside.
The Revenue went to the scene and collected the bones in the ditch.
"Kokkarayanpet is located along the river," he said in the area.
So if the archaeologists investigate, they can find many more historical landmarks," they said.
The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), the top body for technical education, is working to update and improve the curriculum for engineering education in a timely manner.
The curriculum designed by AICTE is being followed by higher education institutions for engineering education.
It is the university administration that designs the curriculum for colleges affiliated with Anna University.
According to guidance issued by the AICTE in June 2019, students enrolled in engineering education this year should choose 3 of the 32 non-curriculum subjects as an option and study them in the 3rd, 4th and 5th semester.
There are 32 subjects on that list - technical education in society, values and charity, charity and a better way of life, shadowing, videotaping and documenting.
Students enrolled in first-year classes at four Anna University campus colleges - College of Engineering Kindi, School of Architecture and Planning, Alagappa College of Engineering and Madras Institute of Technology in Chromepet - chose optional subjects by subject.
In it, B.Tech (information technology) students chose a philosophy course out of a total of 12 subjects.
In Unit 5 of the Philosophy Course, titled "Knowledge is Power," the Bhagavad Gita is a lesson in what is said in the Gita regarding the perception of our power, and Krishna's teachings to Arjun to keep the mind under control.
Meanwhile, there has been fierce opposition in Tamil Nadu to Anna Dental Academy's sudden introduction of the Bhagavad Gita as a subject.
Leaders, academics, student organisations and writers including Dravidian League leader teacher K Veeramani and DMK leader General MK Stalin objected to this, saying it was against secularism and whether to include religious matters in the Project Mitu curriculum in a secular country.
Meanwhile, it has been announced that a protest on behalf of the DMK student league will be held near Anna University on October 1 to protest against the sudden introduction of the Bhagavad Gita as a subject.
Their aim is to embrace all people with equal status.
Housing Building Development and Culture Minister Sajith Premadasa has said his aim is to embrace all people with equal status, regardless of race, religion or party.
During a press conference in Colombo yesterday.
On this basis, he said a declaration of democratic principles that would make the motherland proud would be issued soon.
There is no expectation of strengthening executive power.
He said none of the relatives worked for his ministry or the institutions under it.
Minister Sajith Premadasa also said those involved in the corruption scandal would not be included in the presidential election campaign or political journey.
The DMK leadership has fielded 68 MLAs for the Vikravandi constituency by-election.
By-elections for both Vikravandi and Nanguneri will be held on October 21.
The DMK in Vikravandi and the Congress in Nanguneri are contesting against the AIADMK.
Since the AIADMK will give a duff with Bamaga in Vikravandi constituency, DMK leader Stalin is said to have devised a series of surprises in consultation with district secretary Ponmudi.
The number of DMK legislators is 100 and the DMK leadership has appointed 68 MLAs to be in charge of the Vikravandi by-election process.
Stalin has exempted only 32 MLAs from the southern districts.
He has also asked for support for the Congress in Nanguneri constituency.
Ponmudi has been appointed as chairman of the Vikravandi Electoral Accountability Committee and Jagathrakshakan MP as secretary.
A. Angkor, Salem Selvaganapathi, A. K. S. Vijayan and others have been appointed.
In addition, 10 MPs will be involved in the by-election process.
During elections held separately for Vellore constituency after the parliamentary elections, the DMK leadership did not involve any MPs in the election process.
Stalin said you look after them and your work as usual.
Now they have also been given an axe.
The CBI raided the home of a former Bengaluru police commissioner.
The CBI is raiding the home of a former Bengaluru police commissioner in connection with the tapping of the phones of political figures.
In Karnataka, the BJP government was formed after the collapse of the Kumaraswamy-led government.
Yediyurappa was sworn in as the Chief Minister.
In this context, Bhaskar Rao, who was appointed Bengaluru city police commissioner, caused a stir by releasing an audio conversation about his talks with a party figure for the post of commissioner.
The Bharatiya Janata Party complained of phone hacking during Kumaraswamy's rule.
Bharatiya Janata leaders continued to complain that the phone conversations of a total of 300 people - Siddaramaiah, who was the coordinator of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) coalition government, his aides and some leaders of the secular Janata Dal party, MLAs and top officials - had been tapped.
Party leaders urged an appropriate investigation and action to be taken.
Senior Congress leaders Mallikarjuna Kharge, Siddaramaiah and former police minister M.P. Patil also urged an investigation.
In explaining the matter, Kumaraswamy said he had not tapped anyone's phone, that the complaint was untrue and that he was ready for any investigation.
The phone hacking issue sparked a storm in Karnataka politics.
Chief Minister Yediyurappa recommended a CBI investigation into the matter.
The CBI has registered a case and is investigating.
Today, CBI officers raided the home of former police commissioner Alek Kumar in Bengaluru.
The raid comes on the heels of reports that he stored information on a pen drive related to the hacking of the phones of political figures.
Only after the test is completed will it be known whether the pen drive was stuck or not.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the United Nations General Assembly today on behalf of India.
At the time, he lashed out against terrorism.
In his speech, he reminded us that India was the land of Buddha, Vivekananda and Kaniyan Poonkundran.
Modi said: "Our country has given the world Buddha's message of peace, not war.
This is why we have always spoken out against extremism.
We warn the world not to fall into the clutches of the monster of terrorism.
Kaniyan Poonkundranar, a great poet who lived in India more than 3,000 years ago, sang in the world's ancient Tamil language, "Yadum ur, everyone is gay."
This means we own all the space.
It is true that everyone is our relative.
This is the uniqueness of India.
We don't see terrorism as a challenge limited to India.
We see it as an act against the whole world and humanity.
So the whole world must mobilize against terrorism.
125 years ago, Swami Vivekananda, a great spiritual guru, delivered this message to the world during the World Conference of Religions in Chicago.
The message is this: "We need goodwill and peace.
And there are no disagreements.
Today, on behalf of the world's largest democracy, I say the same.
The only message we give to the world is 'harmony and peace.'
This is what Modi said in his speech.
Sajith Premadasa is the United National Party candidate for Ranil in the Sri Lankan presidential election.
Sri Lanka's presidential election will be held on November 16.
Gotabaya Rajapakse is running as the candidate of Mahinda Rajapakse's SLPP in the election.
Parties including the JVP have also announced candidates.
Confusion remained over who would be the candidate of Prime Minister Ranil's United National Party.
In the case of Ranil, he was said to have wanted to run for president.
It was also reported that President Maithripala Sirisena had also made efforts to stand as a common candidate.
His hope is that if Ranil runs, he will be able to win the Tamil vote.
Sirisena's calculation is that he can easily win if Ranil is sent to jail rather than contest.
But both have gone unfulfilled.
Sajith Premadasa is currently being promoted as the candidate for the United National Party.
It should also be noted that Sajitha is the son of former President Premadasa.
Sajid has rallied his supporters to show his strength and move forward as a presidential candidate.
Speaking at a grand public meeting in the Matugama area of Kalutara yesterday, Sajida said, "I am not a presidential candidate on anyone's terms.
He indirectly slammed Ranil, furious that I have self-respect.
E. V. Velu, a former minister and legislator, said Father Periyar's reservation in Tamil Nadu was at risk.
The birthday celebrations of Father Periyar and barrister Anna were held on Thursday at the Divya Educational Nehru Forest in Sethupattu.
It was presided over by P. Selvarasan, the pitchman of Divya Institutes.
As a special guest, former minister E. V. Velu spoke to the students:
Many kings, including Cheran, Chola, Pandian, Chalukyas and Krishna Deva Rayar, did not tell women to study at the time of their recruitment.
But it was Periyar who pushed for women to study, for their livelihoods to rise and for equal rights in property.
It was worked out by the scholar Anna.
Along the way, under the rule of DMK leader Kalaignar, there was a quota for women, equal rights in property, equitable education and merit.
Father Periyar was the cause of all this.
Father Perry's policy is now at risk.
Today we are disappointed in the name of NEET as we produce many doctors on merit through a balanced education, "he said.
The event was presided over by Senthil Kumar, Secretary of the Institute of Education; Praveen Kumar, Vice President; and Praveen Kumar, Executive Advisor.
Speakers included Bolur constituency legislator K V Sekaran, former legislators Rajendran, Pandurangan, Chaval Poondi Sundaresan and Sethupattu DMK city secretary Murugan Aghi Yore.
Polytechnic College Principal Murugan expressed his gratitude.
The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation held a series of competitions for students at the World Tourism Day celebrations held at the Tamil Nadu Hotel in Madurai.
Together, the hotel's chefs prepared 101 meals and put them on display.
They made cereal dishes, Madurai regional dishes, a variety of sourdoughs, dumplings, joint porridges, snacks and sweets.
Northern and foreign food had also been prepared.
They said all types of food from normal hotels to five-star hotels would be available at the Tamil Nadu hotel.
Inpact Protrainers and the Seek Foundation co-hosted a one-day job camp at Jerusalem College in Pallikarana, Chennai.
More than 26 banks and non-bank financial institutions participated.
More than 7,000 young people and students took part.
Balaji, managing director of Inpact Protrainers, said he was proud that the participating banking institutions had said that more than 1,500 of the young people had jobs.
We organised this camp for the benefit of unemployed graduate youth and students.
Other than that, we have run it free of charge without receiving any money from students or institutions, "he said.
Our goal is to continue to hold such employment camps in various places and create an unemployed community, "he said.
Near Madurai, Phase 5 excavation is underway on behalf of the Tamil Nadu Department of Archaeology at the bottom of Sivaganga district.
The excavation, which began on 13 June and was supposed to be completed on 30 September, will now take an additional 15 days.
The underground site is visited by members of the public, archaeologists and students from various places in Tamil Nadu.
Minister Mafa Pandiarajan has said a museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains found at the base.
He had initially said the museum would be built at a cost of Rs 1 crore.
The United States has urged India to take swift action to ease restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and release all those in detention.
Speaking at the 74th meeting of the United Nations, Alice Wells, US Under Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs, said:
The detention of a large number of people in the Jammu and Kashmir Valley is worrying.
The Indian government should start political activities in the state.
As already promised, elections should be held as quickly as possible.
We need to ease restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and release those in detention.
Alice Wells urged the Indian government to take steps faster.
Earlier it was reported that US President Donald Trump wanted to mediate the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
This was strongly opposed by India.
The United States later withdrew its comment.
PM Modi then travelled to the US to attend the UN General Assembly meeting.
First, Modi and Donald Trump took part in a Howdy Modi event in Houston.
The two have since attended various events together.
At the time, Trump had praised PM Modi as the father of India.
The US has now put pressure on India over Kashmir.
It has been decided at a meeting of the AIT Council that fees are to be increased 10-fold in all of India's technical institutes.
The AIT Institute, also known as the Institutes of Technical Education, plays an important role in the creation of skilled students across India.
A meeting of the AID Council of Directors of 23 AID educational institutions under the Department of Human Resource Development of the Government of India was held on 28 September 2019 under the chairmanship of Union Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal.
The decision taken at that meeting has shocked students and the public.
A decision has been taken to increase the fees for M.Tech courses at AIT institutions by 10 times.
All AITs in India are charged tuition fees ranging from Rs 20,000 to Rs 50,000 per semester.
At this point, that fee has now been raised to Rs 2 lakh per year.
Of the 12 Aye Ram students in the first year of the 2019-2020 academic year, 9,280 are eligible for scholarships and it has also been decided to suspend the monthly allowance of Rs 12,400 given to MTech students.
The central government is to cut funding to AID companies in Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, Kharagpur, Kanpur, Roorkee and Guwahati.
To cope with this reduction in funding, the federal government has raised fees to collect those funds from students.
The ministry is also said to have instructed their respective companies to carry out development work based on the amount from construction work that can be done by their respective technical educational institutions and to borrow from the bank and receive the amount from corporations.
Since coming to power, the BJP has been preventing education from reaching the common man as much as possible, cutting funding for primary education in the 2015 budget and subsequently drastically reducing funding for education during every budget.
This was followed by a series of overtures by big business to start educational institutions in order to provide more facilities for private educational institutions.
In this context, the government has imposed a series of regulations so that educational institutions are funded by private institutions without giving any prominence to state educational institutions in the new education policy.
With this, the central government is working to push only the affluent from basic education to higher education and take India's prosperous future back centuries as an illiterate country.
Ranu's book, "The Art of Caricature," was published by art magazine editor Keelampur Sankara Subramaniam and received by former IAS officer Karpura Sundara Pandian.
The release of the late "cartoonist" Ramanujam's book "The Art of Cartoonism" was held at the Russian Cultural Centre in Chennai on Sunday.
The ceremony was presided over by P. Thangappan, secretary of the Indo-Russian Chamber of Commerce.
At the event, arts magazine editor Keelampur Sankara Subramaniam released the first book and was received by R. Karpura Sundara Pandian, a former IAS officer and head of the Siddhar Research Centre.
Karpura Sundarapandian, who was a special guest at the event, said:
Ramanujam, the late cartoonist, was one of the best cartoonists.
Ranu has produced a large number of students through the Cartoon Research and Education Foundation.
Generally, even someone who is celebrated by the world is not celebrated by his or her family.
On the contrary, it is a matter of pride that the family has brought out a book written by cartoonist Ranu, even after he passed away.
Even if Ranu passes away, he will live for a long time through his works and this book, he said.
Keelampur Sankara Subramaniam said that S.K. Ramanujam was one of India's leading cartoonists.
He was travelling all over the world and training cartoons.
He was an innovator in cartoon creation.
Ranu was not only a painter, but also a cartoonist and an expert in animation.
For the past 30 years, he has conducted a study of cartoon art, adapted to the Indian context.
He said he would live for a long time through the students created by him and his writings and cartoons.
R. Bhupathi, coordinator of the Ranu Cartoon Research and Education Foundation, expressed his gratitude.
Nallathambi, TV executive C. Pereira and others attended.
The DMK has asked Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami how many barricades were built during the last eight years of AIADMK rule.
In a statement, the party's treasurer Durai Murugan criticised the Chief Minister for spying on the public works department without knowing any details.
DMK treasurer Durai Murugan said in a statement that the water that opens up in the Cauvery flows wastefully into the sea due to the indifference of the ADMK government - and lack of administrative competence.
On the way across the Cauvery, our leader MK Stalin had expressed his concern in his responsibility as Leader of the Opposition in the Tamil Nadu Assembly that the ADMK government had no concrete plan to stop and store it.
Thinking he was responding to the Chief Minister, Edappadi Palanisamy has asked: "Did the DMK, who blame us, build at least one barracks in the Cauvery under their rule?"
"What I want to tell him is that under the DMK regime we have built a barrage at Mayanur in Cauvery under the League regime," he said.
Without even knowing that detail, could Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy, who also has the Public Works Department in his charge, speak untruthfully?
The barrier, built in Mayanur, increased the earth's water resources in the area.
So agriculture flourished.
Thousands of the agricultural giants of that region, who still benefit from it today, will find themselves forever grateful to the League government.
The barracks were built by the League government in Mayanur as required at that time.
At the time, there was no need to build any more barriers.
If there had been a need, the artist, then the chief minister, would have immediately sanctioned it, funded it and stepped up the work.
Therefore, Edappadi is no closer to blaming the League government for the well-being of the Cauvery.
I ask; how many barricades have you built in the Cauvery in the last eight years when the ADMK is in power?
Another question; we have built more than 40 dams in Tamil Nadu during the DMK regime.
Can you point to at least one dam, a dam built in the ADMK regimes so far?
Do not lie.
If there is an answer to the allegation made by the Leader of the Opposition - tell us with evidence that we are building or planning to build a barrier in other places.
Instead of that, I am obliged to point out that speaking untruthfully that the barricade itself was not built in the Cauvery under the DMK regime may be a thing of beauty for a personal Edappadi, but for the post of chief minister he holds, it is neither a civilised act nor a thing of beauty," Durai Murugan said.
The State Bank of India has decided to set interest on a repo basis from October 1.
In view of the country's economic growth, the Reserve Bank has so far cut short-term loan interest (repo) by 1.1 percent in four consecutive installments.
However, there is an accusation that banks are not giving customers even half of that benefit.
Currently banks are setting interest rates in the MCLR system.
From October 1, the Reserve Bank has ordered the implementation of interest rate setting based on Treasury bills and repo interest rates issued by the government for short-term borrowing.
Accordingly, the State Bank of India (SBI) has announced that it has decided to set home, auto loans and SME loans as a measure of the MCLR rate from October 1.
The Sri Lanka Administrative Service Union has decided to suspend its trade union activities.
According to Prabhat Chandrakirti, president of the association, the decision was taken due to tomorrow's discussion with the cabinet sub-committee and the task of taking charge of applications for presidential election postal ballots.
Based on this, he expressed confidence that administrative services including the Department of Registration, the Department of Immigration, the Department of Immigration and the Department of the Commissioner of Motor Vehicles would proceed as usual.
Pratap Chandrakirti added that the Public Administrative Services Union expects tomorrow's talks with the cabinet sub-committee and the upcoming cabinet meeting on Tuesday to have a positive outcome on their pay dispute.
The cricket match between the Pakistan teams took place today.
The first match of the one-day cricket series between Sri Lanka and Pakistan starts today in Karachi.
The match will begin at 3.30pm Sri Lankan time.
A match between the two countries is currently taking place in Pakistan after 10 years.
Sri Lankan team manager Asantha Dimel said he was satisfied with the security provided to the Sri Lankan team in Pakistan.
He said the Sri Lankan cricket team had been given the security or equivalent protection afforded to a head of state.
There will be three one-day internationals and three R-20 matches between the Sri Lankan team and Pakistan.
Michael Kawab and Yo Wilson have been appointed by the International Cricket Council as umpires for the one-day tournament.
There was a technical problem on the flight to Malaysia and it was detected when it went on the runway.
Since the plane was stopped, 174 passengers have survived.
The Malindo flight from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur arrives daily at 10.35pm.
It will then leave Trichy for Kuala Lumpur at 11.25pm.
As usual, the plane arrived in Trichy the night before yesterday.
The plane then took off from Trichy to Kuala Lumpur with passengers on board.
There were 174 passengers on board.
While on the runway, the pilot detected a technical problem with the plane's Eliminator.
He then stopped the plane on the runway.
The plane was then brought back to its departure point at the airport.
Engineers were working to fix the technical fault.
As a result, passengers sat on the plane for two hours.
But the technical fault was unable to be fixed and all passengers were taken off the plane.
A total of 138 passengers were then accommodated at the private hotel.
Other passengers went back to their homes after changing their flight dates and cancelling their plane tickets.
If the plane had taken off with a technical problem in the incident, it could have caused the plane to crash.
But the pilot detected a technical fault at the right time and the plane did not take off.
It should be noted that all 174 passengers have survived.
In the meantime, a technical problem with the plane was corrected.
The plane, with 138 passengers on board, left Kuala Lumpur at around 5pm yesterday.
More than 5,000 people across the country have so far been infected with dengue fever spread by the 'Aedes' strain in India, according to the Indian health department.
So far more than a thousand people have been infected with dengue fever in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
Dengue fever is spreading rapidly in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
A 12-year-old girl in Chennai and a student in Krishnagiri died the day before yesterday, an Indian media outlet reported.
In Chennai, 135 people have been admitted to government hospitals and are being treated.
Rain has been falling in various places in Tamil Nadu over the past few days.
Following this, special committees have been set up by the municipal administration and health department across Tamil Nadu to monitor dengue fever activities.
The country's health department has also advised people suffering from dengue fever to seek treatment at government hospitals.
The deadline for Aadhaar connection to PAN number has been extended to December 31.
The deadline for linking the Aadhaar number to the permanent income tax return number (PAN number) has been extended to December 31.
This is the seventh time the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has extended the deadline for the Pan-Adar link.
The federal government had already extended the deadline for six months from March 31 to September 30.
The deadline has now been extended for another three months.
The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) gives each Indian citizen a 12-digit ID number called Aadhaar number.
The Income Tax Department provides the individual and company paying income tax with a 10-digit number and written identification number called Permanent Income Tax Return Number (PAN number).
The Central Board of Direct Taxes had issued a notification on July 1, 2017 that the Aadhaar number should be linked to the income tax number.
Since then, the deadline for the Aadhaar-PAN connection has been extended several times.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court ruled in September last year that the Aadhaar scheme was lawful after hearing a case against the issuance of Aadhaar cards to citizens.
The Supreme Court also ruled that the Aadhaar number is mandatory for payment of income tax.
In the meantime, it was announced in the federal general budget on 5 July that when filing income tax returns, it is enough to specify Aadhaar number instead of PAN number.
DMK leader MK Stalin today visited the underground excavation sites that have revealed Tamil culture on the banks of the Vaigai.
The results of the underground excavation revealed that the way of life told by association literature was the life of Tamils who lived in blood and flesh; it was not fiction.
The urban civilization on the banks of the Ganges to the north began in the 6th century BC.
But the underlying excavation evidence has scientifically proven that Tamils lived peak city life in the 6th century BC on the banks of the Vaigai River to the south; Tamils lived a life of great prosperity as literate intellectuals.
The results of the underground excavation have created a rewriting of the history of the Indian subcontinent.
A large number of members of the public visit the underground excavation site, which is a source of pride for every Tamil.
Recently, Seeman, the chief coordinator of the We Tamil Party, visited the underground excavation site.
He was followed today by DMK leader MK Stalin who visited the underground to inspect the excavation sites.
He was accompanied by CPM MP S Venkatesan and a large number of leading executives of the DMK.
In this regard, Stalin uploaded a video of his visit to his Twitter account entitled "When he visited the underground land that showed the world the Tamil civilisation dating back more than 2,600 years."
Trump demanded an investigation from the president of Ukraine!
The White House has confirmed that Donald Trump telephoned Ukraine's president to ask him to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden, a potential Democratic presidential candidate.
The Democratic Party has proposed an impeachment resolution against Trump in the House of Representatives, saying it was wrong to pressure other countries to investigate the US leader.
On the orders of Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy, six committees have been set up to investigate the President's actions.
At this point, Trump spoke to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky by phone on July 25, so investigate," Trump said at the time.
The White House yesterday officially released a report on what the two presidents had to say.
It is therefore acknowledged that it is true that this conversation took place.
At the same time, Donald Trump told reporters outside a United Nations meeting that the request was made in a friendly manner.
He said no pressure was put on the Ukrainian president.
But one thing to note is that the U.S. government abruptly suspended about $400 million worth of financial aid to Ukraine.
It then allocated the funds some time later.
With this and Trump's remarks to the president, Democrats are tying the knot.
So this incident is beginning to whip up a storm in American politics.
Joe Biden, son, Hunter, was appointed a member of the fee board of Burisma Holdings, Ukraine, in April 2014.
Significantly, the company was involved in natural gas extraction operations in Crimea, the Ukrainian peninsula annexed by Russia.
The investigating officer investigating an abuse complaint against Burisma Holdings was sacked.
The Republican Party is accusing Joe Biden of having a hand in this.
But Hunter has repeatedly denied allegations that he used his father for his business affairs.
The case of a government official beating up journalists in the presence of School Education Minister Sengottaiyan has caused an uproar.
Minister Sengottaiyan inaugurated the water project at Tukanayakanpalayam near Gobi in Erode district.
While reporters were filming him, Muthulingam, assistant operator of the Tamil Nadu Water Drainage Board, was standing in a way that obstructed them.
So reporters have raised their voices to say, "Sir, sir, stand back a little bit."
"Who are you telling me to push, what a great guy you are," he said in unison and slapped reporters who told him to push.
Knowing that he was intoxicated, Minister Sengottaiyan ordered him to leave immediately.
Top officials then drove Muthulingam not to be at the function, but to leave immediately.
However, more than 15 journalists blocked the road demanding departmental action against assistant operator Muthulingam.
Informed of this, Minister Sengottaiyan contacted top officials of the Tamil Nadu Water Drainage Board in Erode district and asked them what courage they had to come to a government function after drinking alcohol.
He is also said to have called for Muthulingam to be suspended.
Minister Pandiarajan said the Phase 5 excavation has yielded historical traces that will sustain the reputation of the underground worldwide.
Tamil official language and Tamil culture minister K. Pandiarajan visited in the presence of Jayakanthan, Khadi and Village Industries Board Minister G. Bhaskaran and told reporters:
The underground Phase 5 excavation marks a turning point in the study of the history of Sangam in Tamil Nadu.
At the bottom is an area of prosperity from the 6th century BC to the 1st century AD.
Urbanization on the banks of the Vaigai River is touched upon in this study by the evidence currently available.
Scientific dating excavations at the bottom have concluded that the time of Tamil-Brahmi is another 100 years old, showing that Tamil Nadu was a literate society as early as the 6th century BC.
In addition, samples from 70 skeletons uncovered by the study have been sent to Deccan College, a postgraduate and research institute, for scientific analysis.
The erectile dysfunction was classified according to character in the analysis, identifying creatures such as timilkala, fox, goat, wild boar, arthropod and peacock with erectile dysfunction.
The study also hinges on the fact that animals such as cows, ducks and goats are used for agriculture and for food as cuticles are found in some rising samples in animals such as arthropods, bats and wild boar.
Through the conclusion of this analysis, those whose society was primarily about agriculture also took up animal husbandry.
Samples of roof tiles depending on bricks and limestone and the coating of a textile made of firewood have been sent to Vellore Technical University for analysis.
In each of these, minerals such as silicon, limestone, iron, aluminum and magnesium can be found in the study.
Work is underway to build a museum on the main site at a cost of Rs 20 crore so that more Tamil scholars, students and members of the public can see and benefit from the underground area to preserve such rare species.
The fifth phase of excavation work will be extended for two weeks and work will continue.
Similarly, the state government will work with the central government on Phase 6 excavation work at four sites next year, said K. Pandiarajan, minister of Tamil official language and Tamil culture.
The event was attended by Manamadurai legislator S Nagarajan, former MP Senthilnathan, assistant director of archaeology Jeevanandam, conservationist Aasai Thambi, Tiruppuvanam ringleader Raja and government officials, among others.
On behalf of the Andhra Club, on the occasion of World Older People's Day, an elderly dress parade, dance and singing celebration was held on behalf of the Asiana Shubham Older Residential Institute.
The 92-year-old grandmother danced to the song Bombay.
Ramanan, who was chosen as the best elderly couple, was presented with prizes by actress Ambika, singer L R Eswari and Poornima Kumar.
The events were organised by Virgo Evans and Purnima Kumar.
Businessman Nalli Kuppusamy Chetty, actress Ambika and singer L R Eswari were present to congratulate and award prizes to the elderly winners of the competition.
Fifteen grandmothers attended the fashion show.
Haripriya came out on top.
Surekha and Radhika were second and third.
Beautiful grandparents marched in fashionable clothes.
Manik took first place and Kannan took second place.
Susan, Kala and Vanaja won as the best dancing grandmothers.
In the Mr and Mrs Chennai competition, the Ramanan couple came first and the Srinivasan-Balambal couple came second.
The families of the elderly attended and encouraged them.
Lalitha, 92, danced to the song Bombay.
Virgo Evans Purnima Kumar said Older People's Day should be celebrated just like Women's Day and Valentine's Day.
Labour Commissioner Muthu Manickam attends the International Labour Organisation meeting.
The International Labour Organization is the only tripartite forum in the United Nations.
Labor laws in all countries of the world are enacted on the basis of the conventions and recommendations of the United Nations International Labour Organization.
The review of such conventions and recommendations runs until 27 May at the International Labour Organisation campus in Geneva, Switzerland.
The meeting will consult and discuss all conventions and recommendations and send them to the recommendation of the Governing Council.
Muthumanickam, Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner of the Ministry of Labour and Employment, is representing the Government of India at the meeting.
International trade unions, employers and governments from 187 countries are attending the trilateral meeting.
This is the first time a deputy chief labour commissioner has been sent to this kind of job as a representative of India, according to a press release issued by the deputy chief labour commissioner.
In this context, actor Vijay's father and director S A Chandrasekhar flew from Chennai to Tuticorin today to attend an event in Nagarkovil in Kanyakumari district.
Vijay was asked about his speech and the protest by the ADMK.
In response, he said: "Subashree died in an accident when a banner fell while she was riding her bike on the road.
Everyone is talking about this incident.
This is how Vijay talked about something that everyone is talking about.
The court itself had asked the question, "Why haven't they arrested those involved in Subashree's case yet?"
At this point, he said he did not know why ministers and ADMK members were protesting only Vijay's remarks: "Is Vijay's stage speech a sign that he is entering politics?"
"I don't know anything like that," he said.
Let's get on with it, let's go in a hurry," he said.
Deputy Chief Minister O Panneerselvam today inspected the Tamil Nadu Slum Transfer Board apartments in Raja Annamalaipuram and Valleeswaran Temple Garden area of Chennai and listened to public grievances.
The 488 apartments built in 1979-80 have been badly damaged.
In response to the residents' request to demolish the dilapidated old apartments and build new ones, the deputy chief minister assured the residents that work would begin soon and new apartments would be completed.
The Deputy Chief Minister said that at a project cost of Rs 67.89 crore, 200 sq ft of old apartments will be demolished and 400 sq ft of new apartments with one bedroom, one reception room, one kitchen, one bathroom and one toilet will soon be built under the Housing for All scheme.
While contract points for the project have been finalised, existing apartments will soon be demolished and construction of new apartments will be expedited, he said.
Until then, the Deputy Chief Minister has directed the relevant slum conversion board officials and Chennai Municipal Corporation officials to keep the area clean and hygienic.
So far 6 lakh houses have been built for the homeless poor and all will be built by 2023, O Panneerselvam said.
Ravi MLA and officials went.
Carnatic music competition for young artists on behalf of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation.
As a prelude to the annual Indira Sivasailam Foundation concert at the Madras Music Academy, the Indira Sivasailam Foundation hosted a concert called "Anwesha Quest for the Best" on 7 May.
Introduced in 2018, the "Anvesha Bala Vidwan" competition gives emerging musicians a platform to showcase their talents in Karnataka music in the presence of recipients of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation Medal and a renowned judge from "The Music Academy Advanced School of Carnatic Music."
Participants in the Anwesha Balavidwan competition were asked to upload their skills and performances in Karnataka music to the Indira Sivasailam Foundation's Facebook page in the form of a video.
This year, nearly 100 competitors uploaded and participated in the competition, including a handful of participants from Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and the USA and the Middle East.
The jury includes Professor Rita Rajan, Dr. R. S. Jayalakshmi, members of the editorial board from The Music Academy Advanced School of Carnatic Music and Dr. Bandula Rama, who will receive this year's Indira Sivasailam Foundation Medal.
This year, in addition to the vocal and instrumental (flute and violin) categories for artists aged 10-15, a competition for artists aged 16-20 was also introduced.
Participants in all three categories showed off their talents in the best possible way.
The winners of the Anwesha 2019 competition are as follows:
Swatika and Dhruv S. Badangi also won the instrument category, while Kamakshi Ambatiputi and Abrameya Seshadri won the instrument category.
RD Shyam Raghav has won the oral instrument category for artists between the ages of 16 and 20.
Anwesha jury members Dr Bandula Rama, Professor Rita Rajan, Dr R S Jayalakshmi and Sunita Subramanian from the Indira Sivasailam Foundation presented awards to the winners.
The audience and participants who came to see the event praised the efforts of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation, which has established and preserved Karnataka Sangeet in the art form among emerging artists.
The Bill Gates Foundation award goes to an Indian girl who fought against child marriage.
A 17-year-old girl from Rajasthan has been awarded the "Changemaker" (Changemaker for Change) award by the Bill Gates Foundation for her fight against child marriage and child labour.
Payal Jangit (17) is a girl from the village of Hinsla, 100 km from Jaipur, Rajasthan.
He campaigned vigorously against the system of child marriage and child labour that prevailed in his village.
He also carried out the campaign in some villages near his village.
So many baby marriages were prevented in those areas.
In honor of Payal's act, he had been given an award by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
Meanwhile, the awards ceremony took place in New York City, USA, on Tuesday night.
Payal Jangit received the "Changemaker" award from Deputy General Secretary Amina J. Mohammed.
"There were a lot of problems in our village," Payal said after receiving the award.
In particular, they won't send girls out to study.
They would get married at a young age.
The family decided to marry me when I was young.
At the time, I approached a social worker and made peace with my father.
Since then, we have held a number of rallies and protests against child marriage and demanding that children be sent to school.
We went to every house and made everyone aware of it.
Parents should give every child the opportunity to improve his or her life," he said.
A two-month amnesty period has been declared again in Jordan.
The Foreign Employment Bureau said the Jordanian Embassy office had announced that the amnesty period, which began on 22 September, would remain in effect until 29 November.
Foreign workers who travel to Jordan with a business visa and stay visa-free beyond a specified period of time will be able to return to the country without paying any penalties during this amnesty period.
However, foreigners who travel there on tourist visas and stay illegally after the end of their visa permit period will be able to leave after paying the penalties, according to the Jordanian embassy.
Significantly, such an amnesty period had also been announced in Jordan last February for foreigners staying there illegally.
Is the BJP taking on caste politics to gain a foothold in Tamil Nadu?
Somehow in Tamil Nadu, if you can't clean up somewhere and let the tamarind bloom, the BJP is said to be finally taking on caste politics.
When Modi was prime minister for the first time, he had to abandon the tamarind in Tamil Nadu.
For the second time since then, i.e. during the ongoing MP elections, Amit Shah has sternly said, "I don't know what you will do, the tamarind should bloom in Tamil Nadu."
But it was only in the five contested seats that it was able to bite the dust.
Despite lashing out at the BJP across the country, there has been a wave of protests in Tamil Nadu.
This is above all the triple talaq, the Kashmir issue, the imposition of Hindi, one nation, one language.
With all this coming together, it's still in a state of flux.
That is why the BJP leadership is said to be furious with Tamil Nadu BJP executives, which is why it is still so difficult to even appoint the state leadership.
Despite this, the BJP is planning to somehow root out the BJP in Tamil Nadu by the upcoming assembly elections.
For that reason, the BJP leadership seems to have come to an almost certain conclusion through direct field reporting and intelligence reporting.
Accordingly, there is a feeling among the people of their respective communities that neither the AIADMK nor the DMK nor the 2 Dravidian parties attach enough importance to the Nadar people, the Vanni people and the Devendra clan.
He is also said to be upset with the Dravidian parties.
This is the formula that the BJP has manipulated and begun to implement.
It has decided to honour the respective community with a position of pride, or importance.
The appointment of Tamilisai Soundararajan as governor of Telangana is one such thing.
Similarly, the BJP government is said to be giving prominence to high-ranking Nadars in ISRO.
It is true that if the BJP acts in such a way that every race is honoured, it will bring pride and happiness to the people of their respective races.
Moreover, something that is not masochistic in any case will be masochistic for the BJP in this caste politics.
At the same time, when Tamil Nadu is already being torn apart in caste politics, it is not clear whether these actions by the BJP will be like pouring more oil on a burning fire.
The fact is that if such a caste fire starts to ignite, even the mould of the tamarind that has now bloomed a little in Tamil Nadu will be engulfed in the same fire!
The murder of a labourer by a drunken assailant near Villupuram.
A labourer was fatally stabbed to death in a prejudicial confrontation near Valavanur in Villupuram.
Tensions were raised when an assistant inspector who went to catch the culprit was also attacked with a knife.
Thanigairaj (28) is the son of a beggar from Kengarampalayam Colony next to Valavanur near Villupuram.
He is a labourer.
Kasinathan's son Ayyanar (33) hails from the same area.
They have often been involved in drunken disputes and clashes in the area.
There are also cases against them at Prosperity Police Station.
At this point, Iyanar, who has a juice business, regularly threatens members of the public with a knife after drinking alcohol at night.
To this end, he had been drinking alcohol on Saturday evening, taking a juice cutting knife and threatening people on the road in the Kengarampalayam Colony area.
At the time, Iyanar went to Thanigairaj's house due to prejudice and broke up with him while he was in the house.
In the confrontation, he suddenly slashed Thanigairaj with a juice-seeking knife.
Thanigairaj fell down in a flood of blood and died at the scene.
As a result, Ayyanar wandered down the road chasing members of the public with a knife.
Upon hearing the information, Valanur Assistant Police Inspector Manikandan and police rushed to try to catch him.
Assistant Inspector Manikandan suffered a cut to his hand and was injured when he was attacked with a knife.
He was immediately admitted to a private hospital for treatment.
The police then grabbed Ayyanar and took him to the police station.
Informed of the incident, Villupuram DSP J Shankar, Valavanur Police Inspector Nandagopal and police rushed to the scene of the murder to investigate.
In Kengarambala, on the border with Puducherry state, a police presence was put in place as the murder sparked fear.
On the complaint, the Valavanur police have registered a murder case and arrested Ayyanar and are actively investigating.
A road safety camp and awareness rally was held by the New Prince Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Sciences and the Chennai Metropolitan Traffic Police Department (Madipakkam Traffic Police Sarakam) next to Chennai.
M. Prabhakaran, director of the New Prince Sri Bhawani College of Arts and Sciences, welcomed everyone.
Senior Chief Minister V. Karunanidhi, Chief Minister V. Uma Devi and Deputy Chief Minister A. Mathiapayas Pacheli were also present.
L. Naveen Prasad, Vice President of New Prince Education Groups, presided over the launch of the road safety awareness camp.
Madipakkam Traffic Police Inspector Sivasankaran was a special guest and flagged off the awareness rally, handing out guidelines on road safety regulations to the students.
He said the need for road rules should start with students, because parents and this community depend on them.
Young people are the most vulnerable to road accidents and such awareness programmes should be compulsory in schools and colleges to prevent this.
Everyone should adhere to traffic regulations not for fines, but for saving your life.
Students must wear compulsory helmets when riding a two-wheeler and never use a cell phone while driving.
Vehicles should only be driven after properly learning the rules of the road.
Motorists should cooperate adequately with traffic guards.
The precious lives of students can be saved if every college administration continues to monitor students' adherence to road rules.
The future of the country is in the hands of young people and it is an essential duty for the traffic police and the public to protect such young people.
Assistant Inspector Ravi Kumar, Chief Constables Kandeepan, Srinivasan and Thyagarajan were also present at the camp.
Today marks 42 years since Professor Senegal lost his life in the accident.
Today marks 42 years since Professor Senaka Vipile lost his life at the forefront of national drug policy.
He was mysteriously murdered on the island of Guyana.
He is the country's first professor in the field of medical medicine.
Professor Senaka Vibile has served as the first faculty member of the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Peradeniya.
He revealed issues related to pharmaceutical sales carried out by the country's multinational companies and has come under a lot of pressure from these vendors.
The loss to the government from medicines imported to the country under various names is billions of rupees.
So he demonstrated to the government the need for a national drug policy.
He worked to provide patients with the 335 prescription drugs they needed at reasonable prices and with high quality.
Because of his activism, he has been subjected to the zeal of multinational corporations.
The mystery of his death has not yet been revealed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not utter a word on the issue of Jammu and Kashmir during his address to the United Nations today.
The 74th session of the United Nations is currently underway.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the gathering on behalf of India today.
During his speech, he called on the world to unite against extremism.
He also recalled the line "Everybody is gay, everybody is gay, everybody is gay, everybody is gay."
Modi boasted that India is making a big contribution towards a solution to the problem of global warming and that India's contribution to global warming is less and the solution is more.
The Indian government is making a serious effort to make it a plastic-free country.
A massive health insurance scheme is being implemented in India, he said.
Everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody.
But at no point in his speech did he mention the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
This is because the central government is convinced that Jammu and Kashmir is India's internal matter.
Political observers say Modi has deliberately said no word on Jammu and Kashmir while Pakistan wants it to become an international issue.
The message to the rest of the world is that Kashmir is India's internal matter.
A total of 2,993 tribals passed the literacy test in Kerala.
An 85-year-old grandmother also passed the exam.
According to the last census in 2011, 93.91 percent of people in Kerala were literate.
The Kerala state government is making efforts to make it 100 percent.
The State Literacy Commission was set up for this purpose.
The commission conducts classes and exams for the literacy of the population in each district.
Importantly, the Commission is making serious efforts to educate tribals, fishermen and displaced workers.
Meanwhile, literacy classes have been held for people in a predominantly tribal area of Wayanad district since February and the exam was held recently.
The exam consisted of 100 marks, with 30 for reading skills, 40 for writing skills and 30 for mathematical knowledge.
It is compulsory to get 30 marks to pass the exam.
The exam was attended by 3,090 tribal people from Wayanad district.
Of those, 2,993 passed the exam, according to the Literacy Commission.
One of them was an 85-year-old grandmother.
Director of School Education S. Kannappan has ordered textbooks and notebooks for the second season to be distributed to students in 27 government and government aided schools on Aug. 3.
In this regard, he sent a circular to all district chief education officers and district education officers on Wednesday:
Priceless notebooks for government and government-subsidized schools have been distributed to all districts through TNPL.
A similar number of second season priceless textbooks have been sent through the Tamil Nadu Textbook Society.
All district chief education officers must provide textbooks and notebooks to all government and government-subsidized schools in their district by Sept 30.
It also said all principals should be instructed to provide inexpensive textbooks and notebooks for the second season on the first day students arrive at school after the quarterly holidays.
