Today is the day to know international information.
To this end, the mass media ministry has declared Information Month.
It will be held from the 15th of this month to the 15th of next month.
During this period many programmes to encourage them to act on the right to information will be implemented.
In 2016, a law governing information in Sri Lanka will be passed in parliament.
This has been done in a move to further strengthen democracy.
Currently, the law is ranked as the fourth law in the world.
The use of plastic items is banned at the BJP headquarters in Delhi.
There, single-use plastic items such as water bottles are banned.
India is now preparing for the next election cycle.
Elections in Maharashtra and Haryana are scheduled to be held on the 21st of next month.
The results of the elections are to be announced on the 24th of the same month.
All the parties are now actively preparing for this.
In this context, an election committee meeting on behalf of the BJP was held in Delhi.
Prime Minister Modi, BJP national president Amit Shah and BJP national executive president JP Nadda were involved in the discussions.
Prime Minister Modi was previously involved in discussions with the BJP's election committee in March.
In his Independence Day speech later, he spoke about avoiding plastic items.
He requested them to avoid plastic items that can only be used once.
In this context, plastic items that can be used wholesale are now banned at the BJP headquarters.
Mainly water bottles have been abandoned altogether.
Water bottles were not used in the BJP rescue today.
Instead, people who come there are given water in the glass jar.
This move was reportedly taken after Prime Minister Modi's request.
It's worth noting that many netizens are applauding the move.
Gulalai Ismail is from Pakistan.
A social activist, she has spoken out against child marriage, violence against women, arson and oppression since her childhood.
Khyber Pakhtunwa posted photos on social media of sexual harassment involving the Pakistani army against tribal Pashtun women and girls in some areas including Balochistan province.
As a result, a "treason case" has been filed against Gulalai and the country's police are actively trying to arrest him.
But Gulalai Ismail fled Pakistan with the help of friends and relatives and ended up in the United States.
Meanwhile, Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan addressed the United Nations in New York yesterday.
"There are no militant organisations in Pakistan, so we should all unite against terrorism," he said.
Police are investigating an incident where a young man using a mobile phone was electrocuted as a charger dropped.
Ramakrishnan is from Odapalli area near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district.
His son Devendran is 27.
He had been working as a Tower manager at a popular private mobile phone company.
Yesterday afternoon Devendran put a mobile phone charger in his house and watched it.
Then there was a sudden electrocution and the electricity went out on Devendran.
He was seriously injured when he was thrown into it and sadly died.
The school palayam police arrived on the scene and conducted an enquiry.
Later, Devendran's body was sent to the Pallipalayam government hospital for autopsy.
A complaint was filed in this regard at Pallipalayam police station.
The police have filed a case on that and are investigating.
The incident has caused a stir in the area.
The Supreme Court has categorically said that it cannot give a day after October 18 to present arguments in the Ayodhya case.
The Supreme Court is hearing the appeals filed against the verdict of the Allahabad High Court in the Ayodhya case.
The hearing in the Supreme Court has been held on a daily basis since 6 last month.
The court has instructed to conclude arguments by October 18.
A bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi is hearing the case.
An additional hour of enquiry is scheduled from Monday.
During the argument yesterday, Islamic organisations objected to a 2003 report by the archaeology department.
Commenting on this, the judges said: "If you have objections to the archaeology department's report, you may have raised it in the Allahabad High Court.
There you will get relief under the law.
We will not allow it to be raised here. "
Meanwhile, the Ayodhya case came up again today.
At the time, Islamic organisations said they would apologise if they had wasted court time objecting to the archaeology department's report.
The lawyer for the Islamic organisations did not lose the right to question the archaeology department report.
But the judges said they could not assess the evidence after it was accepted by the court.
The judges again pointed out that the arguments in the Ayodhya case should be completed by October 18 and accordingly the Hindu and Muslim sides should specify the time frame for concluding their arguments.
The judges said they could not give a single day to present arguments after October 18, which would be best if they delivered a ruling in four weeks.
Since the holidays are in October, only a lawyer will be allowed to present counter-arguments on the part of Hindu organisations, they said.
Uttarakhand BJP Chief Minister Trivendra Singh has negligently said that if you increase the dosage of dengue fever, you will not do anything else.
Around 4800 cases of dengue have been detected in Uttarakhand.
The authorities have also confirmed that 3 thousand people have been affected by dengue so far in Dehradun and 1,100 in Haldwani.
Also, 4 of them died in Dehradun and 2 in Haldwani.
According to the state health department report, as of September 17, 8 people have been accounted for.
Asked by a reporter about the rise in mosquito-borne infections in Uttarakhand, Trivendra Singh said: "Patients affected by dengue are going to be treated with paracetamol medication at a level of 650 milligrams of cramdosage, instead of 500 milligrams of dosage, and will be cured with a short rest."
The incident of a mystery explosion in the pooja room near Tiruvallur and the death of a pooja has caused a stir in the area.
Govindaraj was a resident of Lord Thiruvallur next door (age 45)
She is not married to a same-sex couple.
We know portrayal, astrology and yoga.
From Nanganallur, Chennai, he bought an acre here 15 years ago and lived alone.
He grew herbs around the house.
On Saturday, Lavanya, a young woman from Besant town in Chennai, arrived at Govindaraj's house and stayed.
Last evening, Samiyar Govindaraj performed pooja in the pooja room at the house.
Then suddenly the mysterious object there exploded with the sound of terror.
Govindaraj was burned in the body.
He ran out of the house as he cried.
When Lavanya, who was in a neighboring room, came out, she was shocked to find Govindaraj's body.
Govindaraj, who suffered multiple burns on his body, sadly died on the spot.
After learning about the incident, the Mappetu police rushed to retrieve Govindaraj's body and sent him to Tiruvallur government hospital for post-mortem.
Lavanya was in a nearby room when the mystery exploded and was lucky to escape.
What was the substance that exploded in the pooja room?
It is not clear if it was a bomb.
Forensic expert Nalina and officers headed by deputy police superintendent Harini collected the tracks at the scene.
They have sent it for research.
What was the substance that exploded in the pooja room only after its conclusion?
There is also blood scattered in the pooja room.
Police suspect there is no possibility of bleeding during the fire.
They have decided to conduct further investigation with the result of a physical examination by Govindaraj.
The woman who stayed with him in connection with this is also being investigated.
The incident of a mystery explosion in the pooja room and the death of a pusher has caused a stir in the area.
The CB-CBD police are investigating a case of impersonation in NEET exams.
Meanwhile, Udit Surya, whose father Venkatesan was arrested the day before yesterday, was questioned at the Theni CB-CBD office.
D South Regional Superintendent Vijayakumar and Deputy Superintendent Hardwin Jagadeeskumar and Theni CB-CBI Inspector Chitradevi investigated and recorded a statement in due course.
Later, after passing a medical examination, they appeared before the Theni Criminal Justice Jury Judge Panneerselvam at 8.15pm last night.
Actor Sasikumar is shooting for a film.
All the hospital inpatients were very distressed by this sound.
Many looked on, including nighttime doctors, nurses and staff.
Upon enquiry, it was revealed that all the ambulances were used as the shooting for the new film directed by Ponram, starring actor Sasikumar.
Actor Sasikumar has reportedly not received proper permission from the hospital administration for the shooting.
Soon, people there blocked ambulances and argued with the crew.
Knowing this, Kanavilakku police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning.
But by then the crew had left, according to those present.
We have contacted the crew to explain this incident.
But they were unable to communicate.
A statue of Nadarajar, who was rescued from Australia, was placed in the temple window of Kallitaikurichi Kulasekaramudayar yesterday.
In Tirunelveli district, there is a temple of Sametha Kulasekaramudaiyar, the heroine of Kallidaikurichi's charity.
In this ancient temple, a two-and-a-half-foot tall statue of Natarajar, Sivagami Ampal, Manikkavaskar and Sripalinadhara were looted in 1982.
These statues were known to be in the Australian Museum.
The statue was retrieved and brought to Tamil Nadu in an effort by special forces headed by anti-smuggling division special officer Pon Manikavel.
Kallidaikurichi was brought yesterday morning after the Kumbakonam court order.
People were greeted by a statue of a police vehicle in Kallidaikurichi.
Later the statue was placed in the temple window of Kulasekaramudaiyar.
Special officer Pon Manikavel said: "With this, we will soon find three other statues including the stolen Sivagami Ampal.
Those involved in this incident will be arrested soon, he said.
The CB-CID police have arrested 3 more medical students and their father and are investigating the NEET exam impersonation issue.
Udit Surya and his father, Dr. Venkatesan, who works at Stanley Hospital in Chennai, have been arrested in connection with the issue of impersonation in NEET exams.
Dr. Venkatesan was suspended yesterday while they are being investigated.
Meanwhile, the CB-CID police were conducting an active investigation in the issue of impersonation.
While 3 medical students from Kanchipuram were caught yesterday, 3 more students were arrested today.
The CB-CID police today arrested three people - Abhirami, Pravin and Rahul - from Krishnagiri and Villupuram Medical Colleges and are investigating their father.
Six middlemen have been arrested in this regard.
It is said that the CB-CID has now taken steps based on his statement during the interrogation of Udit Surya's father.
According to the CB-CID, there are a number of shocking reports regarding the NEET exam impersonation issue.
President Maithripala Sirisena said the emergence of a system in the country where graduates from universities demonstrate on the street for business is due to an education system that has left the science, technology and research departments reeling.
The president therefore noted that it is very important for the country to introduce and implement the new education systems of the developed countries in the world by undertaking the necessary fundamental changes in national education policies.
The president said this while participating in the second phase of the 'Shilpa Sena' exhibition that started yesterday (25) at Polonnaruwa Kallella National Stadium.
The second phase of the Shilpa Sena exhibition, which is under the guidance of the ministry of science, technology and research, will take place at the Polonnaruwa Kallella National Stadium from yesterday to 29th with knowledge, innovation and various entertainment events.
The president further said that the development of the world is through innovation in science and technology generated through research.
The president also highlighted the need for experts in the field to pay important attention to it in this era where cooperation from scientific, technological and research departments is needed in order to overcome the challenges facing our people due to climate change.
The president said that the main challenge in the journey towards development as a country is that most people in the political, scientific, technical and research spheres don't think about the country but only think about themselves. He also noted that it is a big problem that the country is losing enough academics in engineer, doctor and accountant services because academics receiving free education left the country thinking only about themselves.
The Shilpa Sena exhibition under the theme "A country rich with strong hands" is mainly divided into five categories: Entrepreneurship, industrial market, new products, blue load category and entertainment in the technology sector.
In the technology sector, STEM education, space technology, biotechnology, robot technology, nanotechnology, megatonics, new strengthening, blue green technology, and 55G IOT have been organized to encourage knowledge in the key themes of modern science, technology and research.
In the new products section of the Shilpa Sena exhibition, more than 250 innovations created by innovators in this country have been displayed and projects needed to commercialise these products have been implemented.
The president opened the exhibition, visited it and interacted smoothly with the work pipeline.
Many officials including the secretary of the ministry of science, technology and research, Chintaka S. Lokuhettige, participated in this event.
The Dussehra festival started with a flag hoisting at Mutharamman temple in Kulasai.
The Dussehra festival, held annually at Kulasekaranpattinam Mutharamman temple near Thiruchendur in Tuticorin district, is world famous.
After Dussehra, which is held in the Amman temple of Mysore Samundeshwari in India, lakhs of devotees gather for the Dussehra festival in Kulasai.
Kulasekaranpattinam Mutharamman temple festival is a privilege to worship Amman by wearing various roles from fasting.
Even so, it is special to have Kali roles and 48 days of severe fasting.
The 2019 Dussehra festival started this morning with a flag.
The Dussehra festival is held for 10 days.
The main event of the Dussehra festival, Mahishasuravatham, is held on October 8.
That night, she would wake up on the beach in Kulasai with her ambition and glory.
It is learned that more than 6 lakh devotees will visit Amman for the festival.
Along with Gnanamurtheeswaram, devotees have the great privilege of visiting her and bread together, as they sit in Mutharamman's original place.
Ambition Mutharamman is the unshakable hope of devotees who can't solve mental health issues, marriage bans, and childbirth bans.
20 people died in a powerful earthquake in Indonesia on Thursday.
The country's National Disaster Response Organisation and Rescue Force super-carriers said:
A powerful earthquake struck near Ambon Nagar, located in the Malu islands, at 8.45 am (local time) on Thursday.
On the Richter scale, the earthquake was registered as 6.5 units.
Many houses were destroyed by the quake, and landslides were caused in various places.
20 people died in these incidents.
They died after being trapped in building rubble and buried in landslides.
Among them was a woman who collapsed and died after speeding on two wheels towards a high altitude in fear of a tsunami.
In addition, 100 people were injured as a result of the quake, and 2,000 people were evacuated to safe areas, officials said.
Ambon, a city of 4 lakh people, and surrounding areas were affected by the earthquake, according to reports.
After the city hospital was shaken by the earthquake, patients and others hurried out of Ang.
Subsequently, a Dutt vacant camp was set up and patients were kept in it, according to reports.
It is worth recalling that 4,300 people lost their lives in Indonesia last year due to an earthquake of 7.5 magnitude.
There has been an attempted robbery at the Kanchipuram ATM.
After seeing the police, a gang of 3 men on motorcycles fled.
The State Bank of India has an ATM in the Kanchipuram Velinga workshop area.
Three mystery men on a motorbike stopped the vehicle in front of the ATM at 3am today after seeing the camera at the ATM gate.
Then they smelled the spray they brought to the camera.
At that time, Kanchipuram Taluka Police Inspector Bhaskar, Sub-Inspector Chellapillai and the police were coming to patrol that route at night.
After hearing the sound of a police haran, three men on motorbikes quickly took over the vehicle and fled.
But Inspector Bhaskar chased them for some time.
But he entered a junction and escaped.
The Kanchipuram Taluka police have filed a case and are searching for the mystery people involved in the robbery attempt at the ATM.
As the police came there on patrol, lakhs of money from the ATM escaped.
Minister Sellur Raju has said that Tamils should applaud Prime Minister Modi for his speech to take Tamil pride in the United Nations.
As far as Co-operative Minister Sellur Raju is concerned, he will mix up the AIADMK meetings he is participating in and ease the strain there.
And even if he meets the press, he will make amazing remarks as he makes his interview into the headlines.
Meanwhile, at the United Nations meeting in the United States, Prime Minister Modi had quoted an outlandish line: "No one is immune."
In this context, he today informed that the Tamils should thank Prime Minister Modi for that and that it is our duty.
Furthermore, Prime Minister Modi has said that he has glorified Tamil among world leaders at the United Nations.
He told reporters that he flagged off the new buses at Madurai Arapalayam bus station.
Minister Sellur Raju's interview has made the BJP cry.
Meanwhile, he said that the rule of law is taking place in Tamil Nadu and an example is the arrest of former AIADMK councillor Jayagopal for causing the death of Subhasri.
He assured that the AIADMK government will not look at whoever is at fault and will take steps without hesitation.
Dahil Ramani was the chief justice of the Madras High Court.
A year after appointing him as chief justice, the Collegium Committee recommended the central government to appoint another chief justice for Chennai.
Accordingly, it was decided to appoint Dahl Ramani as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
Judge Dahl Ramani refused to approve the change and requested the Collegium.
But his request was rejected.
Following this, he offered his resignation.
In this context, a case was filed against the transfer of Dahl Ramani.
Meanwhile, the central government announced that Dahl Ramani's resignation letter has been accepted.
The case was also dismissed.
Meanwhile, a divisional submission ceremony was held for Dahl Ramani on behalf of the Madras High Court Bar Association.
The demonstration took place on behalf of the Secular Progressive Alliance, which denounced the Hindu front's violent attitude towards the 28 backpacker company attack and urged the police to take swift action.
On the 5th of last month, more than 60 members of the Hindu Front entered the backpacker company on Hangeripalayam Road in Tiruppur and launched an attack.
As a result, Ang Krishna workers were attacked and company property was damaged.
The police have done a few rounds on this.
A protest on behalf of the Thirupur Secular Progressive Alliance parties was announced on the 9th amidst severe criticism from the industry, various political parties, movements and the public over the incident.
After refusing permission, a complaint was filed with the district collector and Tirupur municipal police commissioner Akiyo.
The demonstration was announced again on behalf of the Secular Progressive Alliance on the 17th of September at a consultation meeting following that.
Since the police refused permission for the demonstration, the protest demonstration started at 11: 00 am on the 17th in front of the Tirupur municipality to "denounce the violent attitude of the Hindu front - and to urge the police to take swift action."
The demonstration was led by DMK secretary K. Selvaraj in Tiruppur North district.
All party executives including CPAI (M) state committee member K. Kamaraj, Tirupur district CPAI (M) secretary C. Muthunan, Tirupur district CPAI secretary M. Ravi, Ramaswamy of the Congress party and Mathimuga Sambath took part in the demonstration.
In the midst of the demonstration, the police crossed that they were not allowed to demonstrate.
At the time, the secular Progressive Alliance party said; on the 5th of last month, an organisation called the Hindu Front attacked a backpacker and rioted.
We formally asked for permission to hold a democratic demonstration in protest of this incident, the police did not allow it, we filed a complaint with the governor and the police commissioner about this and even then the demonstration is now in violation of the ban on democratic charity considering the importance of the request as the police denied permission for the demonstration.
Furthermore, the police have arrested some people in the incident where the backpacker was attacked.
Still, they said the police should take quick steps in arresting the Hindu front runners involved in the incident.
More than 500 people, particularly women, took part in large numbers in the demonstration and voiced their opposition to the violence, prompting the police to retreat without arresting the protesters.
Sounds were shouted at the demonstration strongly condemning the attack on the retreat company in Tiruppur by the Hindu Front and the religious and violence caused by the Hindu front in various forms.
If the demonstration conducted by the Secular Progressive Alliance with Democratic Control Today generated awareness among the people of Tirupur against violence, it is no exaggeration!
OC passengers on trains have been fined Rs. 100 crores.
The railway police will file a case with the passengers without tickets on the train and fine them.
So the number of ticketless passengers has increased this year compared to last year.
According to a report by Central Railways, during the months of April to September 2018, they registered 17.42 lakh cases of "OC" travelling, collected a total of Rs. 87.98 crores from them, and during the current year from April to September, they filed 19.15 lakh cases and collected a fine of Rs. 100.29 crores.
The collectors showed and congratulated Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy on the central government's awards to Namakkal and Tiruvallur district for their outstanding work in medical services.
The Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy, yesterday (26th) at the secretariat of the central government's women and child development ministry, at a ceremony held in New Delhi on behalf of 6.9.2019, congratulated Namakkal District Collector M. Asia Mariam for the award for the best district given to Namakkal district for implementing the scheme to increase the birth sex ratio for four consecutive years under the "Save the Girls, Teach the Girls" scheme and for raising awareness among the people about the scheme.
The Minister of Social Welfare and Nutrition Programme Dr. V. Saroja, Chief Secretary V. Rajaguru, Secretary for Social Welfare and Nutrition Programme S. Madhumati and Commissioner for Social Welfare V. Rajaguru were present during this event.
"If I do, people will come forward!" Ramsingh said of the effort. "We could see frustration among people with the difficulties of buying more vegetables, traffic congestion and environmental pollution.
While many people have complained about this, they don't seem to realise that they are considering an alternative or that the solution lies with them.
The perfect solution is that people will come forward to follow if I do what I believe.
So my wife and I walk 10 kilometres once a week to buy vegetables.
Now it has become a habit, as it has gone on for six months.
Now I am very satisfied mentally, "he said.
"Many people said it was difficult to carry a lot of vegetables and I recommended them to carry a bamboo basket to fight the plastic threat.
But they laughed it off.
So my wife and I went to the market carrying a basket of bamboo.
That's when I knew it would be very helpful in many ways.
Many young people are not in healthy health these days.
I think they should start walking and control their food.
I believe deeply that the traditional system can offer the best solutions to new challenges in a modernized world.
If a person practices traditional methods, they can become fully healthy, "enthuses Ram Singh IAS.
Cardiovascular diseases, including heart attacks, are among the leading causes of death globally, according to cardiac surgeon Dr. G. Sengottuvelu.
World Heart Day is observed every year on September 29.
On behalf of Dr. G.S. Heart Foundation, an awareness programme titled Heart Care was held on 27.9.2019 in Thiyagarayar, Chennai.
Apollo Hospital High Consultant and Interventional Cardiologist Dr. G. Sengottuvelu presided over the event.
Filmmaker Sivak Kumar, who was the guest of honour, assured everyone, including doctors at the headquarters, that they were heart keepers - and heart heroes.
Sivak Kumar also spoke about healthy living.
The head of the hospital Dr. A. Muruganathan received it.
Medical expert G. Cheng Cottuelu spoke at the event:
Cardiovascular diseases, including heart attacks, are among the leading causes of death globally.
Heart diseases are on the rise in India.
Young people also suffer from a heart attack.
If we are conscious and keep the body safe, we can prevent cardiovascular diseases by 80 percent.
If a mother, father, grandmother and grandmother have heart diseases, we are also likely to have heart diseases.
If we carry on with our lifestyle properly, we can prevent heart diseases from becoming partly preventable.
In current modern medicine, it is possible to predict who will have a heart attack.
If found early, it may prevent a heart attack.
Even if there is an overdose, it can be cured quickly.
Thus he spoke.
The election commission has reduced the disqualification period of Sikkim Chief Minister Premsingh, who was convicted of corruption, from 6 years to one year to one month.
So the deadlock in contesting the Tamang by-elections has been removed.
The Sikkim assembly elections were held with the Lok Sabha election.
This election was won by Sikkim Krantikari Morcha.
The party's president Premsingh Tamang took over as the state's chief minister.
But a lower court sentenced Tamangu to prison in 2016 in a corruption case.
Since the Supreme Court also confirmed this, he could face imprisonment.
The controversy erupted when Tamang was sworn in because a person serving a prison sentence for corruption cannot contest elections for six years.
Meanwhile, Tamang is contesting in the assembly by-elections in Sikkim.
Tamang Sikkim is governing with BJP support.
Meanwhile, Tamang sent a letter to the election commission seeking the lifting of the six-year ban on him contesting elections, citing various legal provisions.
After reviewing the letter, the election commission has announced a reduction in the ban period for Tamang to one year and one month.
Thus, Tamang is not banned from contesting in the assembly by-elections.
The BJP can now start playing its politics in other states, including Tamil Nadu, using the concession given to Tamangu.
There may also be reports of the election commission and execution of the BJP's will in full swing.
Government doctor Venkatesan, the father of student Udit Surya, has been suspended in a case of impersonation in NEET exams.
Joseph, who also acted as a middleman in the impersonation issue, has been arrested in Kerala.
Student Udit Surya from Theni Government Medical College was found to have impersonated in NEET exams.
Following this, the police filed a case against Udit Surya and his family.
But Udit Surya and his family fled and went into hiding.
Udit Surya has also petitioned the court for anticipatory bail.
Meanwhile, the Tamil Nadu police arrested Udit Surya, who was spotted with his family in Tirupati.
Udit Surya's family was arrested and brought to Theni and interrogated for several hours.
During the hearing, Udit Surya's father Dr. Venkatesan admitted that he had impersonated his son to become a doctor.
After Venkatesan confessed to the police, all were produced in court and were put in prison.
Udit Surya's father worked as a government doctor at Stanley Hospital in Chennai.
Since he has now been arrested and put in prison, the Tamil Nadu government has suspended Venkatesan.
Also based on Venkatesan's confession, an intermediary Joseph has been arrested in Kerala.
He is to be brought to Tamil Nadu for trial.
Chennai Stanley Government Hospital doctor Venkatesan, the father of student Udit Surya, has been suspended in a case of impersonation in NEET exams.
Meanwhile, the CB-CID police today investigated the NEET exam training centre run by middleman Joseph in Thiruvananthapuram.
Joseph was reportedly involved in a massive manslaughter scam called the NEET Training Centre.
That is why Dr. Venkatesan, the father of Udit Surya, has accessed Joseph easily.
The CB-CID police are also reviewing documents at Joseph's training center.
By-elections will be held for the vacant Nanguneri and Vikravandi constituencies in Tamil Nadu on 21st of next month (October).
The DMK is contesting in the Vikravandi constituency and the Nanguneri constituency has been given to an alliance partner, the Congress.
Last night, the general secretary of the All India Congress Party and Tamil Nadu in-charge Mukul Wasnik announced the name of the Congress candidate contesting in Nanguneri constituency.
Kanchipuram North District President Ruby Manoharan (age 60) has been announced as a candidate.
Ruby Manoharan's hometown of Kanyakumari district is Marayapuram, near Marthandam.
He served in the Indian Air Force for 15 years and after that he runs a construction company in Chennai.
On Periyar's 141st birth anniversary, 535 Malaysian government Tamil schools were gifted a book of writing reform as a special programme.
The book Periyar Writing Reform was introduced in the Tamil schools of Bukitapplanthung and Mendakab Garden Government.
And this book will be sent in phases to 535 Tamil schools operating in Malaysia.
In the first phase, these books were sent to 150 Tamil schools operating in Pahang state and Chilangore state.
More than 50 thousand managers are studying in these schools.
And it should be noted that more than 7 thousand teachers are employed.
This book is a great opportunity for the managers and teachers studying here to learn about Periyar's work in Tamil.
M. Govindaswamy Ji spoke during the introduction ceremony explaining the version of Dr. K. Veeramani.
During this programme, Chinnaiah was awarded the Periyar Periyar Peruvian Award.
Periyar, a poet and former head teacher of the Tamil school, read poetry about K. Raman Periyar.
It should be noted that Shanmugam, a poet from Taipei, was also given the award of rationality.
There are revolution movements before and after Lord Singh.
But it is not just praise that Bhagat Singh and his colleagues have given a new dimension and clear ideology to the revolutionary movements and thereby Indian politics.
We can see today that there is a perception among people that the revolutionaries are just fools, and that they are stonewallers who don't care about human lives.
The era of Bhagat Singh shows us their humanity, clear thinking and ability.
Only after the April 1929 assembly bombing event did the Bhagat Singh name become widespread in India.
It was only in the 1930s that it became known to the public.
But within a year of his debut, his fame had spread rapidly to all corners of Tamil Nadu.
This is the most surprising news in history, the name of any leader born in the north, including Gandhi, has not spread in Tamil Nadu in such a short time.
That is the reason why they are the father.
The week after Bhagat Singh was killed, an editorial entitled Bhagat Singh was published in Republic Weekly.
The editorial praised many of Bhagat Singh's characteristic interests and offered some views on the political situation of the day.
Some sections from that editorial:
"In fact, we will say that if Bhagat Singh Ji is satisfied with the whole of his policies and the models he has behaved in order to fulfil it are the right way and if he has decided to do so, he should definitely behave as he has behaved and if he has not behaved in that way, he cannot be a youthful man.
So now we will say he is a real man.
It is our strong opinion that India needs a Bhagat Singh policy indeed.
If Mr. Bhagat Singh had not been executed and died, there would have been no evidence of this success being caused by such popularity.
Let's say that Gandhi would still have been constructive if he had not hanged Lord Singh.
For Bhagat Singh, who should have died of an illness or disease, why did the mother who could use her life to show the people of India the path of true equality and Shanti to the people of the world?
We congratulate Bhagat Singh for his heartfelt, vocal and handling, saying that it is a gift that no one else can achieve by normal. "
Father Periyar mentioned this in an editorial in Republic magazine.
Meanwhile, a guard named Dennis Turner, who was on police duty at the school where the incident took place, arrested the girl, who was asleep at the school, for reaching the teacher.
Also, he tied the girl's hand with a plastic tag and led her, in a police car, to the Juvenile Police Center, where a photo of the girl bearing the name was taken, just as it was for the criminals.
Copies of his hand have also been taken.
This information has since been communicated to the girl's family and she has been handed over to her family.
It is not known if he took another child to the police station.
Her grandmother Kirkland, who agreed to release the identity of the girl Kaya Roll, told the media: "My granddaughter, who suffers from a sleeping problem called Sleep Apnea, has this suppression at times as a result of the drugs she is on.
I was very shocked when I said he had been arrested for that, and it's hard to understand and explain that to any 6-year-old child.
In Uttar Pradesh, 73 people have died in four days due to floods, and the Meteorological Lega Red Alert has been issued in most districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh.
Heavy rains in the past four days in the Bihar capital, Patna, have caused floods in many areas, disrupting rail and road traffic.
Many trains were cancelled this morning due to heavy rain in Bihar states.
Yesterday, the state and Chief Minister Nitish Kumar held a discussion through video conferencing.
All schools have been ordered to close until Tuesday.
Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh have also experienced heavy rainfall, where several people have died in rain-related incidents in the past few days.
Uttar Pradesh experienced 3 per cent more rain than normal on Friday.
The eastern part of the state is the worst affected.
Yesterday, Prayagraj received 42.5 mm rainfall and Varanasi received 6.2 mm rainfall.
This is much higher than the average rainfall this year.
26 people died yesterday in various parts of Uttar Pradesh.
In the preceding two days, 47 people died.
Lucknow, Amethi, Hardai and other districts are surrounded by floods due to heavy rains.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has ordered district collectors and zonal commissioners to take all necessary security and measures.
In the past two days, 6 people died from rains in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh.
Three students have died after the wall of a government school collapsed in Topwara in Udaipur, Rajasthan.
3 people including a police constable died in Madhya Pradesh on Friday.
Their bodies were found one kilometer from the scene.
On the 24th, a report on the state of the world nuclear energy sector was released.
Michael Scheider is the chairman of the committee that produced the report.
According to the study, the nuclear energy sector accounted for 17.46 percent of the world's energy needs in 1996, down from 10.15 percent in 2018.
This downturn shows that the world's attention goes beyond nuclear energy to renewable, long-term usable energy.
Leaving nuclear power behind, renewable energies such as solar, wind power and hydroelectric power are growing globally.
Each year various organisations will jointly release a report on the state of the world nuclear energy sector.
According to a report released this year, the nuclear energy sector around the world appears to be going into decline.
The report notes that India's nuclear energy sector is also in a very bad state.
Bill Gates conferred the Global Golden Keeper Award on Indian Prime Minister Modi for the effective implementation of the Swachh Bharat Scheme.
In India, the central government headed by Prime Minister Modi is announcing and implementing the "Clean India" scheme.
This scheme was launched on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi on 2-10 2014.
The scheme is aimed at building toilets in houses, public toilets and building solid waste management.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore toilets have been built throughout the country.
Rural health care has been brought in 98 per cent of villages.
In appreciation of the project, it was announced that Modi will be awarded the World Golden Keeper, an international achievement award, on behalf of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation of America.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Modi, who is on a tour of the United States, was awarded the Global Golden Keeper Award today.
Bill Gates, the world's wealthiest man, presented the award to Modi at a ceremony held today amidst a UN Security Council meeting in New York.
The award-winning Prime Minister Modi said that Mahatma Gandhi's dream of cleanliness is now fulfilled.
Modi also informed that he passed the Swachh Bharat Scheme and presented the award to crores of Indians who made it part of their daily lives.
Modi pointed out that the World Health Organisation has said that 3 lakh people have been saved from various diseases due to the Clean India Scheme.
The health ministry has announced that due to the prevailing rainfall and flood conditions, there is an anomaly that could spread to the natives.
As a result, the health ministry has advised people to avoid entering the water unnecessary.
The health ministry has told the public to be cautious in this regard, adding that the disaster situation caused by heavy rains in many districts has not reduced at present.
There has been an increase in children and adults being affected by floods and being loved and admitted to hospitals.
Doctor Hemantha Herath, the chief officer of the health ministry's risk magnitude division, has asked the affected people to pay more attention to health care.
The education ministry has released a media release regarding the teachers' holiday leave.
In a statement, the education ministry said that consultations and recommendations have been carried out to resolve salary disputes in the service of teachers and principals.
The education ministry has said that it is a grave injustice that teachers and principals based on their salary conflict do not attend the service on sick leave as they are ready to implement the recommendation of the committee to eliminate public services salary anomaly to increase the salaries of all employees of the government including teachers and principals from January 1 next year.
It is the right of employees to engage in union activities.
Although it was not challenged, the ministry said that it was not an acceptable act for an intellectually honourable profession such as teacher principals to cheat in the occasional actions of trade unions that were used as a strategy to cheat members, pointing to the success gained due to their action after learning about the possible salary increase.
Education minister lawmaker Akilaviraj Kariyawasam told parliament in July that the salaries of teachers and principals had been increased massively in line with 2015 and that the amount had been increased by 106 percent, as well as the increase in salaries, was a sham by any government.
The minister had also informed parliament on June 7 that the education ministry had submitted suggestions and recommendations regarding the salary conflict of teachers' principals to the appointed Ranukke committee regarding the general salary conflict within the public service.
The allowance for presidents has been increased from 650 rupees to 6,500 rupees.
The upgrade works, which were delayed starting in 2015, have now been properly carried out.
A system has been prepared and implemented to enable them to obtain pensions.
To restore the President's service from politics and address the shortcomings in the President's quality in the service, a contest was conducted and around 6,000 people were enrolled in the service.
Measures ranging from giving teachers and principals the opportunity to train abroad and the integration of 25,000 people into teacher services were passed in the last four and a half years i.e. in a short period of time.
These were carried out as an aim of human resource development in the education sector, the education ministry added in a media release today.
There was a complaint against Chennai student Udit Surya for impersonation in NEET exams and joining Theni Medical College.
Following this, the case was transferred to the CBCIT.
Following this, Udit Surya fell ill with his parents.
Meanwhile, the special forces police seized Utisurya and his father Venkatesan and mother Kayalvizhi in Tirupathi hills the day before yesterday.
Goa State PA legislator Adanasio Manzarate has filed an indictment against him based on his complaint that he sexually assaulted a minor.
He was accused of raping a 16-year-old girl, Adanasio.
Last year, the police filed a 250-page charge sheet against him in the North Goa District Court.
The hearing in the case is scheduled to start on October 17.
Adanasio Panaji is a member of the constituency assembly.
She was 55 and the alleged rape took place in 2016, when the woman was 16.
The woman had alleged that he drugged and violated her and sold her to her mother, Adanasio for Rs. 50 lakhs.
Adanasio was arrested in 2016 and is currently on bail.
Due to an earthquake centered on Pakistan yesterday evening, Pak-occupied Kashmir has suffered a lot of damage.
Around 25 people have died there.
More than 400 people were wounded.
An earthquake with a magnitude of 5.8 rocked Pak-occupied Kashmir yesterday evening, killing at least 25 people including women and children and injuring 400 others, many of them seriously, Pakistani officials said.
The quake was centered 22.3 kilometers north of the Jhelum River, on the border separating Punjab and occupied Kashmir, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
The earthquake was centred on a 10 km area.
It was felt in most parts of Punjab and parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
However, Pakistan's chief meteorologist Muhammad Riaz said "the worst affected is in the (occupied) Mirpur district of Kashmir."
Mirpur divisional commissioner Mohammad Dayab said that since the center of the quake was near the Jhelum river, it had caused devastation in the Jadlan and Gari Sharif midwestern areas and damaged hundreds of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure.
He said 12 people died or on the way to the headquarters hospital in Mirpur, while 13 died in different villages between Jadlan and Gari Sharif.
About 150 wounded people are being treated at D.H. Que Hospital.
Many were sent to Rawalpindi for further treatment.
Mobile phone, phone service and electricity supply in rural areas were cut.
As a result, people were unable to provide information or get help to their neighbours.
Election king Padmarajan has filed a nomination with the election officer to contest the Nanguneri by-elections.
Padmarajan, from Veerakavalbudur village near Mettur in Salem district, contested the elections against many leaders such as Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalitha, Karunanidhi and Rajasekara Reddy.
He contested against Abdul Kalam, Pranabmukherjee, Ramnath Kovind and others in the presidential elections.
He has spent Rs. 32 lakhs of his own money just for the deposit given during the nominations process in the elections.
Don't think he's too wealthy for that, he's a middle class guy.
Meanwhile, he is contesting the by-elections for Nanguneri constituency and yesterday handed over the nomination to Nadesan, the election conducting officer.
He says he is competing in Nanguneri for the 206th time, adding that his aim is not to win but to secure a place in the Guineas.
He says Limca has already appeared in the book and says he will stop contesting elections if it is in the Guinness Book of Records.
This election is owned by King Padmarajan, who has contested elections for the highest number of times in India and lost.
The Vikramlander has a strong crack on the Moon's surface, and NASA has released photo evidence.
NASA's El ROC orbiter has photographed the site where the Vikram Lander of the 28 lunar Yan-2 spacecraft made a strong landing on the south polar region of the moon.
The Vikram Lander of the ISRO Chandrayaan-2 spacecraft landed on the southern polar region of the Moon on the 7th.
But at the last minute, communication with it was fragile.
It was thought that the Vikram Lander made a fast landing on the Moon's surface instead of landing slowly, causing it to be damaged and communication to be lost.
In this situation, NASA's LROC orbiter passed through the south polar region of the Moon on the 17th.
During that time, Vikram Lander has sent a very sophisticated picture of the plain area between the two facets of Simba Lius N and Mansinus C, which landed.
On examining these images, it has been confirmed that the Vikram Lander landed heavily on the surface.
That's why it fell a short distance from the landing spot.
John Keller, deputy director of NASA's EROC programme, said: "The El ROC Orbiter passed through the south polar region of the Moon on the 17th.
During the evening darkness, it sent pictures.
On examining it, it was discovered that the Vikram Lander made a strong landing on the surface.
However, it was not possible to find the exact location where the Vikram Lander landed.
The LROC R Bitter will pass through the South Pole region again on the 14th of next month.
Since the light will be good at that time, there is a good chance of picking up the Vikram Lander, "he said.
The ideology of Prime Minister Modi and American president Trump is the same.
Modi is spreading his support for American president Trump, not worrying about the economy.
Sitaram Yechury has alleged at a seminar in Puducherry that the principle of federalism has been called into question under the central BJP government.
A seminar entitled State Rights and Anti-People's Bills was held at Puducherry Kamban auditorium on behalf of the Marxist Communist Party.
Sitaram Yechury, All India General Secretary of the Marxist Communist Party, participated in the event and delivered the keynote speech.
Speaking at the seminar, he said that the BJP's campaign of one nation, one culture, one election and one education system has called into question India's diversity.
If you reject the anti-democratic position of the government, you can be arrested as an anti-national.
An amendment has been introduced to this effect.
He accused the BJP of human rights violations in order to go to jail as a terrorist if it criticised or posted on social media, adding that there is now an economic crisis in the nation.
Because people don't have the purchasing power.
But the government has given 2 lakh crores to wealthy capitalists.
He urged everyone to take part in the protest against this anti-people government from 10th to 16th October.
He continued, "The prime minister is not worrying about the nation, he is not talking about the economy, he is spreading his message to Trump.
When an actor came to India to spread propaganda from Bangladesh, the Indian government stopped it.
But Modi has gone to the US to spread the message that Trump should be president again.
From this Modi has confirmed that the ideology of the two is the same.
The principle of federalism has been questioned in the central BJP government.
Sitaramyechuri alleged that the promises of the constitution were being destroyed.
Balakrishnan, secretary of the Tamil state of the Marxist Communist Party, Rajangam, secretary of the state of Puducherry and other leading leaders participated in the seminar.
The minister of agriculture, rural economic affairs, livestock development, irrigation and coastal and hydrological resources development, Mr. P. Rajaguru, has said that the compensation for all farmers who registered with the Agricultural Insurance Board and paid their insurance instalments will be paid within 2 weeks.
The Agricultural Insurance Board has been advised in this regard.
Under this, 3,000 farmers who made insurance instalment payments for Ampara, Monaragala and Athimala regions will be compensated for the production impact.
The minister mentioned these issues during a discussion at the ministry's auditorium on rural economy.
Postal voting for the Elpitiya divisional council elections scheduled for the 11th of next month will be held tomorrow.
Those who are unable to vote by post tomorrow will have an opportunity to vote by post on the 4th of next month, the head of the election dam committee Mahinda Patriya has said.
This has been facilitated in the Galle district elections office.
For voting by post, a national identity card or identity card allowed by the election commission should be carried.
Two libraries, a maid open on Periyar's birthday in Malaysia
Pahang State, Mendakab Garden:
Around 100 students are studying in this Tamil school which was formed in 1928.
The Periyar Library was inaugurated here in 17-9 2019 by Govindaswamy, the president of the estate administrators (Saba) and a member of the Dravida mission.
This programme was presided over by the head of the school, Ashi Ri.
Members of the Executive Board of the school, Parents Teachers Association, teachers students and Periyar Periyar Periyar volunteers Audayar, Raman, Chinnaiah Aki and others participated in the event.
The students were given taste drinks and fruits.
Periyar's books were donated to teachers and students of the school.
Bukitraja Gardens, Gillan City:
Around 160 students study in the Tamil school here.
Periyar Maiyam was set up here.
About 500 books were distributed to the center.
This programme was presided over by the head teacher of the school, Mallika Palaniandi.
Periyar volunteers and Dravida League colleagues participated in the event.
The students were given taste drinks.
Periyar's books were donated to teachers.
Katong Gardens, Banting City:
There are about 100 students and 15 teachers working in this Tamil school.
Ms Kanagam, the school's deputy head teacher, led the programme.
The Periyar Library, where more than 400 books were donated, opened on 23.9.2019.
The students were given taste water.
Periyar's books were given as gifts to the teachers.
All the above programmes were conducted under the arrangement of Mu. Govindaswamy Ji.
It should be noted that the three schools featured speeches about Periyar and his work.
It should be noted that all the programmes were described about the work of Periyar as a continuation of the Tamil leader Dr. K. Rajaguru.
Leftist alliance candidate Mani C. Kappan has won the by-elections in Kerala's Bala assembly constituency.
K.M. Mani had split from the Congress and started his own party but was part of the Congress alliance.
K.M. Mani has been the undisputed political leader in Kerala's political history.
As a central minister, K.M. Mani, who was the minister of various departments of Kerala, died of illness in April.
So by-elections were announced for the Bala assembly constituency.
The elections for this constituency were held on the 23rd.
Mani C. Kappan was the leftist candidate in this constituency, Joseph Tom Pulikunnell as the Congress alliance candidate and Kottayam Hari as the BJP candidate.
The votes cast in this election were counted this morning.
The leftist candidate Mani C. Kappan won with 54,137 votes.
The Congress alliance candidate who ran against him had 51,194 votes.
Leftist candidate Mani C. Kappan won by 2,943 votes.
Kottayam Hari, who contested as a BJP candidate, received 18,044 votes.
In the last election in 2016, the BJP won 24,821 votes in the same constituency.
The BJP has lost 6,000 votes in the current by-elections.
The Congress alliance has dominated the Pala constituency for the past 54 years.
Now the left has ended this hegemony.
Due to the deluge in the sea area in the south-west of the country, heavy rainfall may occur in the sea areas from Batticaloa to Matara through general.
Rainfall or rainfall with thunder may occur in sea areas off the coast from Kankesandurai through Trincomalee to Batticaloa.
In other coastal areas around the country, there may be rain or rain with thunder during the evening or night.
In the coastal areas around the country, the winds will be southwesterly and the wind speed will be calculated between 10 and 30 kilometres per hour.
During the rainfall with thunder, the temporary wind speed in these areas may exceed 70 to 80 kmh.
In such cases, the sea will be temporarily turbulent, the atmospheric department said in a weather warning for the sea area released today.
At a meeting in New York City, Prime Minister Modi insisted that India should be included as a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is on a seven-day state visit to the United States.
Prime Minister Modi will address the annual general assembly meeting at the UN tomorrow.
For this purpose, he has participated in various programmes and met world leaders.
As part of that, he met American president Trump at the Howdy Modi event in Houston.
The leaders of the two countries discussed a wide range of issues including friendship, industry, trade, security, global issues, and the Kashmir issue.
This was followed by a number of CEOs of American companies mixed at the Bloombok World Industrial Forum in New York City yesterday.
Prime Minister Modi, who participated in this event, said:
Using nuclear energy to produce fuel is a challenge for India today.
This is because India is not a member of the group of nuclear suppliers.
If India gets that opportunity, it will become an example to the world.
Thus Prime Minister Modi spoke.
The nuclear supply committee controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
India has continuously taken various steps as a member of this committee.
While the United States and other countries supported India's visit, China protested that India was not a signatory to the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
But in March, six American companies announced they would build nuclear power reactors in India.
The masterpiece has been found near Pallipalayam.
Electric board workers pit for electric poles at Kocarayanpet Bharathinagar near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district yesterday afternoon (Sep 26).
There was a pot there.
As they continued to pit, they knew it was a masterpiece.
Bones were found inside.
The Information Revenue Department went to the scene and collected the bones in the jungle.
Speaking about this, he said: "The cockarayanpet is located in the artery.
So if the archaeologists investigate, they will find many more historical symbols. "
The All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE), the top body for technical education, is undertaking renovation and upgrading of the curriculum for engineering education in a time-bound manner.
Higher education institutions of engineering are following the curriculum devised by the ACTE.
The university administration is designing the curriculum for colleges affiliated with Anna University.
In this context, as per the guidelines released by the ACTE in June 2019, students enrolled in engineering education this year should select 3 of the 32 non-curriculum subjects as optional and study in the 3rd, 4th and 5th Semesters.
The list includes 32 subjects such as technical education, values and dharma, dharma and good lifestyle, shadow film, video conferencing and documentation in society.
As Anna University, students from 4 colleges such as Collections of Engineering Kindy, School of Architecture and Planning, Azhagappa Collection of Gynaecology and Madras Institute of Technology in Chrompet selected the subjects of choice by subject.
In it, B.Tech (Information Technology) students selected philosophy subjects in a total of 12 subjects.
In the 5th Unit of Philosophy lesson titled "Knowledge Energy," Gita is a Bhagavad Gita song consisting of words about realising our potential and Krishna's teachings to Arjuna to put the mind into control.
Meanwhile, there has been severe opposition in Tamil Nadu to the sudden bringing of Bhagwat Gita as a song by the Anna Dental Academy.
Many leaders, academics, student organisations and writers including DMK chief General M.K. Stalin objected, saying it was against secularism and whether to include religious topics in the curriculum in a secular country.
Meanwhile, it has been announced that there will be a protest on behalf of the DMK student team near Anna University on October 1 against the sudden bringing of Bhagwat Gita as a song by the Anna Dental Institute.
Their aim is to embrace all people with egalitarian status.
Culture Minister for Housing Building Sajith Premadasa has said that his aim is to embrace all people with egalitarian status, irrespective of race, religion and party affiliation.
During a press conference yesterday in Colombo.
Based on this, a democratic policy declaration that gives pride to the motherland will be released soon, he said.
There is no expectation of strengthening executive power.
He said none of the relatives worked in his ministry or in the companies under it.
Minister Sajith Premadasa also noted that those involved in the corruption scandal will not be included in the presidential campaign or political travel.
The DMK leadership has fielded 68 MLAs for the by-elections in Vikravandi constituency.
By-elections will be held for both Vikravandi and Nanguneri constituencies on October 21.
In that, DMK in Vikravandi and Congress in Nanguneri are contesting against AIADMK.
Since the AIADMK will give a duff with the PMK in Vikravandi constituency, the DMK chief has reportedly discussed with Stalin's district secretary Ponmudi and devised various proposals.
The DMK leadership has appointed 68 MLAs as lieutenants for the Vikravandi by-elections.
Stalin has only exempted 32 MLAs from southern districts.
He has also asked them to support the Congress in Nanguneri constituency.
Vikravandi is the Chairman of the Election Response Committee, Jagatratchakan M.P. has also been appointed as the secretary.
A. Ankaiyakanni, Salem Selvakanapti, A.K.S. Vijayan and others have been appointed.
Also 10 MPs have been deployed for the by-elections.
During the elections held alone for the Vellore constituency after the parliamentary elections, the DMK chief did not involve any MPs.
Look at your tasks as you practice them, Stalin said.
Now they have also been given movements.
The CBI raided the house of former cop Kami Shaner in Bangalore.
The CBI is conducting a search of the home of a former police commissioner in Bangalore in connection with the hacking of political figures' phones.
In Karnataka, the Bharatiya Janata government was formed after the collapse of the government headed by Kumaraswamy.
Yediyurappa took over as chief minister.
In this context, an audio conversation regarding Baskarrao's negotiations with a party figure for the post of Kami Shaner, who was appointed as Kami Shaner by the police in Bangalore, caused a stir.
The Bharatiya Janata Party complained that the phone was tapped in the Kumaraswamy government.
Bharatiya Janata Party leaders have repeatedly complained that the phone conversation of a total of 300 people - Siddaramaiah, his aides and some leaders of the secular Janata Dal party, MLAs and senior officials - was listened to while he was the coordinator of the coalition government.
The party leaders insisted on conducting an appropriate investigation and taking action.
Furthermore, senior Congress leaders Mallikarjuna Kharge, Siddaramaiah and former police minister M.P. Patil insisted that this should be investigated.
Explaining the matter, Coomaraswamy said that no one's phone was tapped and the complaint regarding it is untrue and ready for any investigation.
This phone tapping issue has caused a storm in Karnataka politics.
In this context, Chief Minister Yediyurappa recommended that the CBI investigate this.
The CBI has filed a case and is conducting an investigation.
Today CBI officers raided the home of former police Kami Shanar Alekumar in Bangalore.
The search is on for information relating to the hacking of political figures' phones, which he had stored in a pen.
Only after the test is over will it be known if the pendulum was trapped or not.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today delivered a speech on behalf of India at the United Nations General Assembly.
At that time he railed against terrorism.
In his speech he reminded that India is a land where people like Buddha, Vivekananda and Mathiyan Poongundranar live.
Modi said: "Our country, there is no war, has given the world the peace message of Lord Buddha.
This is why we have always spoken out against terrorism.
We warn the world not to be caught in the grip of a monster of terrorism.
The best performer who lived in India more than 3,000 years ago is Mathiyan Poongundranar, who sings in the world's oldest Tamil language, "Yaadum Ur, Everybody Keleer."
This means we own all the space.
All of us are our relatives.
This is the uniqueness of India.
We don't see terrorism as a challenge only for India.
We see it as an act against the whole world and humanity.
So the whole world should rally against terrorism.
125 years ago, Swami Vivekananda, the best spiritual guru, delivered this message to the world during the World Conference of Religions in Chicago.
The message is this: "Harmony and peace are needed.
And there are no differences.
Today, on behalf of the world's largest democracy, I say the same.
Only 'harmony and peace' is the message we give to the world. "
Thus Modi said in his speech.
Sajitha Premadasa is to contest as Ranil's United National Party candidate in the Sri Lankan presidential elections.
Sri Lankan presidential elections are held on November 16.
Gotabaya Rajapakse is contesting this election as the candidate of Mahinda Rajapakse's Sri Lanka Public Peramuna.
Parties including the BJP have also announced candidates.
Confusion remained over who would be Prime Minister Ranil's United National Party candidate.
As far as Ranil was concerned, it was said that he wanted to contest the presidential elections.
Similarly, there were reports that President Maithripala Sirisena had also made efforts to become a general candidate.
His hope is that if Ranil contests, he can win the Tamil vote.
Sirisena's calculation is that he could easily win if he sent Ranil to prison without contesting.
But these two have gone unfulfilled.
Now he is being promoted to the United National Party as a Sajida Premadasa candidate.
Sajida is the son of former president Premadasa.
Sajid has rallied his supporters and shown his strength and stepped up as a presidential candidate.
While speaking at a grand public meeting in Kaluthurai and Mathugama area yesterday, Sajida said that I am not a presidential candidate on anyone's terms.
Saadi indirectly addressed Ranil, angrily saying that I have self-respect.
Former minister and legislator A. V. Vellu said that Father Periyar's reservation in Tamil Nadu is at risk.
The birth anniversary of his father Periyar and grandfather Anna was celebrated on Thursday in Sethu Divya Education Niru Forest.
The Thaler of Divya Educational Institutes was headed by Mr. V. Rajaguru.
As a special guest, former minister A. V. Velu spoke to the students:
Many kings including Cheran, Chozhan, Pandiyan, Chalukkians and Krishna Deva Rayar did not tell women to study during At Sick.
But it was Periyar who strived to educate women, improve their livelihoods and give them equal rights in property.
Anna is the lawyer who worked on that.
In that way, the DMK chief's rule came from quotas for women, equal rights in property, equal education and qualification forces.
His father Periyar was responsible for creating all this.
Father Periyar's policy is at risk during this time.
Today we are being cheated in the name of NEET, as we create many doctors based on merit through balanced education.
The secretary of the academic institutes Senthilkumar, vice president Pravinkumar and management consultant Bodhana Bira Veenkumar took the lead in the programme.
Polur constituency legislator K.V. Sekaran, Munnal legislators Rajendran, Pandurangan, Saval Poondi Sundaresan, Sethu and DMK city secretary Murugan Aki Yore spoke.
The principal of Polytechnic College Murugan thanked him.
The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation held various competitions for the students at the World Tourism Day event held at the Tamil Nadu Hotel in Madurai.
The hotel's cooks worked together to prepare 101 meals and put them on display.
They had small grain foods, Madurai regional foods, various types of snacks, confectionery, collagen, snacks and sweets.
Northern state and foreign food were also ready.
All kinds of food available in normal hotel to five star hotels will be available in Tamil Nadu hotel, they said.
Inbox Protesters and the Seek Foundation jointly conducted a one-day employment camp at Jerusalem College, Chennai School.
More than 26 banks and non-bank financial institutions participated in this event.
More than 7,000 youth and students participated.
Balaji, Managing Director of Infant Protectors, said: "I am proud that the banking institutions that participated said that more than 1,500 young people have the opportunity to find jobs.
We arranged this camp to benefit unemployed graduate youth and students.
In other words, we have run free of any money from students or companies.
Our aim is to continue to host such an employment camp in various places and create an unemployed community, he said.
The fifth phase is being conducted on behalf of the Tamil Nadu archaeology department in Keezhadi, in Sivaganga district near Madurai.
It was supposed to start on the 13th of June and end on the 30th of September, and it will now take an additional 15 days to complete.
In this context, people, archaeologists and students from various places in Tamil Nadu are visiting Keezhadi.
Minister Mafa Pandiarajan has informed that a museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains found in Keezhadi.
Initially, he had informed that the mix would cost 1 crore rupees.
The United States has urged India to take swift steps to ease restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and release all those in detention.
Alice Wells, America's undersecretary of state for South and Central Asian affairs, speaking at the 74th meeting of the United Nations:
It is worrying that many people are being detained in the Jammu and Kashmir Valley.
The Indian government should start political activities in the state.
Elections should be held as quickly as already promised.
We have to ease restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and release people in detention.
Alice Wells urged the Indian government to take these steps faster.
Earlier, it was reported that US President Donald Trump wants to mediate on the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
This was strongly opposed by the India side.
The United States later retracted its comment.
Following this, Prime Minister Modi went to America to participate in the UN General Assembly meeting.
First, Modi and Donald Trump participated in the Howdy Modi event in Houston.
The two later participated in various events together.
At the time, Trump had praised India's father as Prime Minister Modi.
Meanwhile, the United States has now pressured India on Kashmir.
It was decided in the meeting of the AID Council that fees will be increased 10 times in all technical institutes in India.
The AID Institute of Technology has an important role to play in developing talented students throughout India.
The meeting of the AID council comprising the directors of 23 AID institutes operating under the central government's human resources development department was held on 28.9.2019 under the chairmanship of central minister Ramesh Pokhriyal.
The decision taken in that meeting has shocked the students and the public.
A decision has been taken to increase the fees for M.Tech and studies in IIT institutions by 10 times.
Tuition fees are only collected from Rs. 20,000 to Rs. 50,000 for Semester in all AIDs in India.
Now that fee has been hiked up to Rs. 2 lakh per year.
9,280 students out of 12 Ayi Ram students studying in the first year of 2019-2020 are eligible for assistance. It has also been decided to stop the monthly allowance of 12,400 rupees given to M.Tech students.
The central government is going to reduce the funding given to AID companies such as Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, Kharagpur, Kanpur, Roorkee and Guwahati.
To cope with this reduction in funding, the central government has increased the fees to collect the funds from the students.
Furthermore, the ministry has reportedly instructed the respective institutions to carry out development works and to borrow money from the bank and receive payments from the corporates, keeping the amount from construction works that can be done by the respective technical institutes.
Since coming to power, the BJP has been blocking access to education for the common man as much as possible, cutting funding for primary education in the 2015 budget and subsequently drastically reducing funding for education even during the one-off budget.
This was followed by a continuous flow of large employers to start educational institutions so as to provide more facilities to private educational institutions.
In this context, the new education policy has imposed various rules requiring educational institutions to operate under the funding of private institutions, without giving any importance to government education institutions.
Through this, the central government has pushed for only the privileged to study from basic education to higher education and is working to bring India's prosperous future back to centuries of illiteracy.
The book 'cartoon art' by Ranu was published by Kalaimagazine editor Keezambur Sankara Subramaniam and obtained by former IAS official Karpoora Sundarapandiyan.
The book launch of "cartoon art" by S.K. Ramanujam, the late "cartoonist" Ranu, was held on Sunday at the Russian Cultural Centre in Chennai.
The function was presided over by the secretary of the Indo-Russian Business Association, P. Thangappan.
In the programme, Kalaimagal editor Keezhambur Sankara Subramaniam received the first book by R. Kalpura Sundara Pandiyan, a former IAS officer and head of the Siddar Research Centre.
Speaking on the occasion, Kalpura Sundarapandiyan, who was the guest of honour, said:
Ramanujam, the late cartoonist Ranu, was one of the best-known cartoon painters.
Ranu has produced a lot of students through the Khartoum Research and Education Foundation.
In general, even someone who is celebrated by the world is not celebrated by family.
On the contrary, it is a matter of pride that the family has come out with a book by the cartoonist Ranu, even after his death.
Even if Ranu passes away, she said, she will live on for a long time, through her work and this book.
S.K. Ramanujam was India's leading cartoon painter when he spoke about Keezhambur Sankara Subramaniam.
He traveled around the world, offering mockery training.
He became an innovator in cartoon creation.
Ranu was an expert not only in painting but also in cartoonist and animation.
For the past 30 years, he has conducted a mockumentary art study in line with the Indian context.
He said he would live long through the students he created, his writings and cartoons.
R. Poopathi, coordinator of the Ranu Khartoum Research and Education Foundation, thanked him.
Nallathambi, TV executive C. Pereira and others participated.
The DMK has asked Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy how many barriers were built during the last eight years of AIADMK rule.
In a statement regarding this, the party's treasurer Duraimurugan criticised the chief minister for spying without knowing any details about the public works department.
DMK Treasurer Duraimurugan said in his statement that the water opened in the cavity is wasted in the sea due to the indifference of the ADMK government - and a lack of administrative capacity.
Our president M.K. Stalin has expressed his concern in his responsibility as the leader of the opposition in the Tamil Nadu assembly, that the A.D.M. government has no concrete plan to stop it on the way past Cauvery.
Considering that he was responding to the chief minister, Edappadi Palanisamy said: "Have the DMK, who criticise us, built a barrier in the cavern in their government?"
"I want to convey to him, we have built a barrier under the DMK rule at Mayanur in Cauvery.
Without even knowing the details, can Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy, who also holds the public works department in his charge, speak untruthfully?
Due to that barrier built in Mayanur, the Earth's water resources in that area increased.
So farming flourished.
So today and usefully, thousands of people from the regional agricultural giants can be seen thanking the League government and rejoicing any day.
As per the requirements of that phase, a barrier was built by the club government in Mayanur.
At the time, there was no need to build more barriers.
If there was a need, the artist who was then the chief minister would have given permission immediately, allocated funds and stepped up the work.
Hence, there is no reason for Edappadi to criticise the club government in the maintenance of the caution.
I am asking: How many barriers have you built in the cafe in the past eight years of A.D.M. rule?
Another question: During the DMK tenure, we have built more than 40 dams in Tamil Nadu.
Can you point to at least one dam that has been built in the A.D.M. regimes so far?
Don't speak lies.
If the leader of the opposition responds to their accusation - tell the source that we are building a barrier or are planning to build in inner-city places.
Leaving it at that, to speak untruthfully that the barrier was not built in the cavalry under the DMK rule, it would be beautiful if it were for a personal edge, for the post of chief minister which he holds, I am obliged to point out that it is not a civilised act but a beautiful one, "Duraimurugan said.
The State Bank of India has decided to fix interest on a repo basis from October 1.
Considering the country's economic growth, the RBI has so far reduced short-term loan interest (repo) by 1.1 per cent in 4 consecutive instalments.
But there is an accusation that banks don't even give customers half the benefit of that.
Currently, banks are fixing interest in the MCLR system.
From October 1, the RBI has ordered the implementation of interest rate setting based on the Treasury bill and repo interest rate that the government releases for short-term borrowing.
Accordingly, the State Bank of India (SBI) has announced that it has decided to fix housing, auto loans and micro small and medium enterprise loans by measuring the MCLR rate from October 1.
The Sri Lankan Administrative Services Association has decided to temporarily stop its trade union activities.
The president of the association Prabhat Chandrakirti has said that the decision was made because of the discussion tomorrow with the cabinet subcommittee and the willingness to take over the applications for presidential election postal voting.
He expressed the hope that based on this, administrative service works including the registration department, immigration and immigration department and the motor vehicle traffic commissioner department will take place as normal.
Pratat Chandrakirthi further said that the Government Administrative Services Association is hoping for a positive outcome in connection with its salary dispute in the coming cabinet meeting and talks with the cabinet sub-committee tomorrow.
A cricket match between Pakistani teams today.
The first match of the one-day tournament between Sri Lankan and Pakistani cricket teams begins today in Karachi.
The match is scheduled to start at 3: 30 p.m. Sri Lankan time.
A match between the two countries is currently being held in Pakistan after 10 years.
Sri Lankan team manager Asantha Dimel said he was satisfied with the security given to the Sri Lankan team in Pakistan.
He also said that the security or equivalent protection given to a head of state has been given to the Sri Lankan cricket team.
There will be three one-day internationals and three R-20s between Sri Lanka and Pakistan.
Michalkawab and Yovilson have been appointed by the International Cricket Council as umpires in the ODI series.
There was a technical malfunction on board the Malaysia flight and it was discovered during the flight.
Since the flight was stopped, 174 passengers survived.
Malindo flies from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur at 10.35pm every night.
It then departs for Kuala Lumpur from Trichy at 11.25pm.
As usual, the plane arrived in Trichy yesterday night.
Later the plane left Trichy for Kuala Lumpur with the passengers.
There were 174 passengers on board the plane.
While on the runway, the pilot discovered a technical malfunction in the plane's Eliminator.
Following this, he stopped the plane on the runway.
The plane was then brought to the departure point at the airport.
Engineers were working to fix the technical malfunction.
So the passengers sat on the plane for two hours.
But the technical malfunction could not be corrected and all the passengers were removed from the plane.
Following this, 138 passengers were accommodated in a private hotel.
Other passengers went back to their homes after changing their flight dates and cancelling flight tickets.
In this case, if the plane had gone off with a technical malfunction, it might have caused the plane to crash.
But the plane did not take off because the pilot found the technical malfunction at the right time.
It is worth noting that 174 passengers survived.
In this context, the technical malfunction in the plane was corrected.
Subsequently, the plane, with 138 passengers, left Kuala Lumpur at 5 pm yesterday.
According to the Indian health department, more than 5 thousand people have been affected so far across the country by dengue fever spread by 'Aedes' types of mumps in India.
More than a thousand people have been affected by dengue in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry so far.
Dengue is spreading rapidly in Tamil Nadu and the new slum.
A 12-year-old girl in Chennai and a student in Krishnagiri died the day before yesterday, according to Indian media.
135 people have been admitted to Chennai government hospitals and are undergoing treatment.
Over the past few days, it has been raining in various places in Tamil Nadu.
Following this, special committees have been formed on behalf of the municipal administration and health department throughout Tamil Nadu and dengue fever activities are being monitored.
The country's health department has also advised those affected by dengue to seek treatment in government hospitals.
The time for Aadhar link with PAN has been extended to December 31.
The time to link Aadhar with the permanent income tax account number (PAN) has been extended to December 31.
This is the seventh time that the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has extended the time for the Pan-Aadhar link.
The central government has already extended this period for six months from March 31 to September 30.
This period has now been extended for another 3 months.
The Indian Personal Identification Authority (UIDAI) gives a 12-digit identity number, Aadhar number, to each of the Indian citizens.
The Income Tax Department provides an identification number that counts and writes in the 10 digits of Permanent Income Tax Account Number (PAN) for the individual and company paying income tax.
The Central Board of Direct Taxes had issued a notification on July 1, 2017 that Aadhar should be linked to the income tax number.
Since then the time for the Aadhar-Ban link has been extended several times.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court, hearing a case filed against issuing Aadhar card to citizens, ruled in September last year that the Aadhar scheme would go according to the law.
The Supreme Court also ruled that Aadhar number is mandatory for paying income tax.
Meanwhile, enough to mention Aadhar instead of PAN when filing income tax returns was announced in the central general budget on July 5.
DMK chief M.K. Stalin today visited the places where Vaigai Karai has revealed Tamil culture.
The results revealed that the livelihood of the association literature was that of a Tamil who lived in blood and blood; it was not fiction.
City civilisation on the banks of River Ganga in the north started in the 6th century.
But downstream evidence has scientifically proved that Tamils lived peak city life in the 6th century BC on the banks of the Vaigai River in the south; Tamils lived very rich lives as good at literate knowledge.
The results of the Keezhadi Depression have created a situation of rewriting the history of the Indian subcontinent.
A lot of people are visiting the Keezhadi Depression site which gives pride to every Tamil.
Recently, the chief coordinator of the Tamil Party Seeman Keezhadi visited the site.
He was followed today by DMK chief M.K. Stalin who went to Keezhadi and visited the dormitory sites.
He was accompanied by CBM MSP Su Venkatesan and a number of top DMK executives.
In this regard, Stalin posted a video on his Twitter page titled "When I visited the underground land that informed the world of Tamil civilisation more than 2600 years ago."
Trump demanded an investigation of the Ukrainian president.
The White House has confirmed that a report that Donald Trump asked the Ukrainian president in a phone call to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden, a potential Democratic presidential candidate, is true.
Thus a resolution of impeachment has been proposed against Trump in the Democratic House of Representatives, claiming that it was a wrong act to pressure the other country to investigate the American leader.
6 committees have been formed on the order of Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy and have started an investigation into the President's actions.
In this case, Trump spoke to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on the July 25 phone call, so investigate, "Trump said at the time.
Yesterday, the White House officially released the report of what the presidents of the two countries spoke about.
So it has been acknowledged that the conversation was real.
At the same time, Donald Trump spoke to reporters outside the United Nations meeting, and the request was made in a friendly manner.
He said there was no pressure on the Ukrainian president.
But one thing to note is that the U.S. government abruptly halted nearly $400 million in financial assistance to Ukraine.
Then, some time later, the fund was allocated.
With this and this idea that Trump spoke to the president, Democrats are tying the knot.
So this incident is starting to cause a storm in American politics.
Joe Biden, son, Hunter was appointed as a board member of Burisma Holdings of Ukraine in April 2014.
The company had been involved in natural gas separation activities in the Russian-annexed Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea.
The investigator investigating the malpractice complaint against Burisma Holdings was dismissed.
The Republican Party is accusing Joe Biden of having a hand in this.
But Hunter has denied any wrongdoing following allegations that he used his father for his business ventures.
The issue of the government official laying of reporters in the presence of the school education minister Sengottaiyan has caused a stir.
Minister Sengottaiyan inaugurated the drinking water projects at Thookanayakanpalayam near Gobi in Erode district.
While the reporters were taking pictures of him, the assistant executive engineer of the Tamil Nadu Drinking Water Board stopped to interrupt them.
So the reporters have raised their voices saying, "Sir, sir, stay away."
Then he spoke in unison about "who you are pushing, what a great person you are," and lashed out at the reporters who asked him to push.
Knowing he was on alcohol, Mr Sengottaiyan ordered him to leave immediately.
Subsequently, the high officials chased Muthulingam not to be at the function but to leave immediately.
However, more than 15 journalists blocked the road demanding departmental action against assistant executive engineer Muthulingam.
Informed about this, Mr Sengottaiyan contacted the top officials of the Tamil Nadu Drinking Water Board in Erode district and bought lettuce and rice for what courage to come to the government fair.
He has also asked for the suspension of Muthulingam.
Mr Pandiarajan said that the 5th phase of excavation has found historical traces of Keezhadi's reputation around the world.
In the presence of Jayakanthan, Khadr and Village Industries Board Minister G. Baskaran, the minister of Tamil language and Tamil culture K. Pandiarajan visited and told the reporters:
The 5th phase of Keezhadi is a turning point in the historical study of the association in Tamil Nadu.
In Keezhadi, K.M. is a rich area from the 6th century to the 1st century B.C.
Based on the evidence currently available, urbanisation on the Vaigai river comes up in this study.
In Keezhadi, scientific calendars have concluded that the period of Tamil-Brahimi was more than 100 years old. The study shows that Tamil Nadu was a literate society in the 6th century.
Furthermore, samples from 70 bones uncovered by this study have been sent to Deccan College, a veterinary and research institution, for scientific analysis.
These wrinkles were classified according to the characteristics in the analysis and species such as whale, buffalo, goat, wild boar, Kalaiman and hail were identified through wrinkles.
This study includes animals such as cow, buffalo and goat that support farming and cuttings in some wrist samples in animals such as Kaliman, Ms Ladu and wild boar that are used for feeding these animals.
Through the conclusion of this study, those who were primarily agricultural in the association community also undertook livestock breeding.
Samples of bricks with chunky roof tiles and paste of firework text have been sent to Vellore University of Technology for analysis.
In each of these cases, minerals such as silicamen, tumours, iron, aluminium and magnesium are found in the study.
To protect such rare varieties, works are under way to build a museum at an estimate of Rs. 20 crores at the main site to benefit more Tamil scholars, students and the public.
Furthermore, the 5th phase of excavation work will be extended for two weeks and works will continue.
Similarly, the state government will work with the central government on the 6th phase of excavation works at four places next year, Tamil Nadu Minister of Language and Tamil Culture K. Balachandran said.
Many people including Manamadurai legislator S. Nagarajan, former member of parliament Senthilnathan, assistant director of archaeology Jeevanantham, keeper Aasaithambi, Thiruvanam regional Raja and government officials participated in this programme.
On behalf of the Andhra Pradesh Club, on World Adult Day, the Asiana Shubham Adult Residential Company held a grand parade, dance and song celebration.
The 92-year-old grandmother danced to Adubambe's song and cheered.
Actress Ambika, singer L.R. Eswari and Purnima Kumar awarded the prizes to Ramanan couples selected as the best elderly couples.
Virgo Events Purnima Kumar organised the events.
Businesswoman Nalli Kuppusamy Chetty, actress Ambika and singer L.R. Eswari participated and congratulated the elderly winners of the competition.
Fifteen grandparents took part in the fashion show.
Haribria took the lead.
Surekha, Radhika 2 and 3 were placed.
The beautiful grandmothers wore fashion dresses and paraded.
Manik took the top spot and Kannan the 2nd.
Susan, Kala and Vanaja won as best dance grandmothers.
In the Mr and Mrs Chennai contest, Ramanan couple took the first place and Srinivasan-Balampal took the second place.
The families of the elderly people participated and encouraged them.
Lalitha Adubambe, 92, danced to the song.
Virgo Events Purnima Kumar said that like Women's Day and Lady's Day, old people's day should be celebrated in a grand manner.
Labor Commissioner Muthumanikam participates in the International Labor Organization meeting.
The International Labor Organization is the only tripartite forum formed in the United Nations.
In all the world, labor laws are enacted through the basis of the United Nations International Labor Organization's conventions and recommendations.
A review of such conventions and recommendations is held at the International Labour Organisation's premises in Geneva, Switzerland until the 27th.
This meeting will deliberate, discuss and send to the Governing Council the recommendation of all traditions and recommendations.
Deputy Chief Labor Commissioner Muthumanickam of the central labor and employment ministry is present in this meeting as a representative of the Indian government.
International trade associations, employers and governments from 187 countries are participating in the tripartite meeting.
This is the first time a deputy chief labor commissioner has been sent as a representative of Indian country for this kind of work, according to a press release released by the deputy chief labor commissioner.
Meanwhile, actor Vijay's father and director S.A. Chandrasekar flew from Chennai to Tuticorin today to take part in a programme to be held at Nagarkovil in Kanyakumari district.
During that event, Vijay was asked about his speech and the opposition of the ADMK.
He responded: "While riding on a bike on the road, Subhasri died in the accident caused by a banner falling on the road.
Everyone is talking about this incident.
Vijay also spoke about the matter, which everyone is speaking about.
Why has the court not yet arrested those involved in Subhasri's case? "
In this context, it is not clear why the ministers and ADMK are opposing the views of Vijay alone, he said, "Is Vijay's platform a sign of entering into politics?"
"I don't know anything about that.
Leave the man, hurry up, "he said.
Deputy Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam today inspected the Tamil Nadu slum transfer board residences in Raja Annamalaipuram, Valleeswaran Temple Gardens area of Chennai and heard the grievances of the public.
The 488 apartments built in 1979-80 are heavily repaired.
The deputy chief minister assured residents that works will be started soon and new settlements will be completed, accepting the residents' request to demolish the old settlements that have been torn down and build new settlements.
The deputy chief minister informed that at a project estimate of Rs. 67.89 crores, 200 square feet of old apartments will be demolished and 400 square feet of new apartments with one bedroom, one reception room, one kitchen, one bathroom and one toilet will be built soon under the housing scheme for all.
With the contract points for the project being finalised, he said that soon the existing settlements will be demolished and the construction of new dwellings will be implemented quickly.
Until then, the deputy chief minister has ordered the officials of the slum transfer board and the Chennai municipality involved to maintain the area clean and sanitary.
O. Panneerselvam said that 6 lakh houses have been built so far for the homeless poor and all will be built by 2023.
Ravi MLA and the officials went.
Karnataka music contest for young artists on behalf of the Indira Sivasilam Foundation.
As a precursor of the annual Indira Sivasilam Foundation concert at Madras Music Academy, the Indira Sivasailam Foundation hosted the 7th annual "Anvesha Quest for the Best" music competition.
The "Anvesha Bala Vidwan" competition, which debuted in 2018, gives emerging musicians a platform to showcase their talents in Karnataka music in the presence of a renowned jury from The Music Academy Advanced School of Karnataka and the Indira Sivasilam Foundation Medal recipients.
Participants in the Anvesha Balavidwan competition were asked to upload their talent and performances in Karnataka music in the form of a video on the Facebook page of the Indira Sivasilam Foundation.
This year, almost 100 contestants, including a few participants from Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and U. SA and the Middle East, uploaded their talents and participated in this competition.
The jury includes professor Rita Rajan, Dr. R.S. Jayalakshmi, faculty members from The Music Academy Advanced School of Karnatic Music and Dr. Pandula Rama, recipient of this year's Indira Sivasilam Foundation Medal.
This year, apart from the vocal and vocal instrument (flute and field) sections for artists aged 10-15, a competition was also launched for artists from 16-20 years old.
The participants in all 3 categories showed their skills in a mixture of ways.
The winners of Anvesha 2019 are as follows:
Suvathika and Dhruv S. Patangi have also won in the vocal instrument category, while Kamakshi Ambadibudi and Abramaya Seshadri have won in the vocal instrument category.
RT Siam Raghav has won the vocal instrument category for artists aged 16 to 20.
Members of the Anvesha jury Dr. Pandula Rama, Professor Rita Rajan, Dr. R.S. Jayalakshmi and Sunita Subramanian of the Indira Sivasilam Foundation presented awards to the winners.
Spectators and participants who came to see the event applauded the efforts of the Indira Sivasilam Foundation, which is maintaining and protecting the Karnataka Sangeet in art form among emerging artists.
The Bill Gates Foundation Award for an Indian girl who fought against child marriage.
A 17-year-old girl from Rajasthan has been awarded the "Changemaker" (With Change) on behalf of the Bill Gates Foundation for fighting child marriage and child labor practices.
Girl Payal Jangit (17) from Hinsla village, 100 kilometres from Jaipur, Rajasthan.
He actively campaigned against child marriage and child labor in his village.
He also carried out this campaign in some villages in Aru Gil for his village.
So many fun weddings were forbidden in those areas.
In honor of Payal's work, she was announced by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
Meanwhile, the awards ceremony was held in New York City on Tuesday night.
Payal Jangid received the "Changemaker" award from Deputy General Secretary Amina J. Muhammad.
After winning the award, Payal said: "There were many problems in our village.
Particularly the girls will not be sent out and educated.
They got married at a young age.
The family decided to have Mr Marriage at a young age for me.
Then I approached a social R guy and made peace with my father.
Following that, we held many rallies and protests against child marriage and demanding that children be sent to school.
We went to every house and raised awareness about this among everyone.
It should be noted that parents should give every child the opportunity to improve his life. "
An amnesty period has been announced again for two months in Jordan.
The foreign employment bureau said the Jordan embassy office had announced that the amnesty period, which started on September 22, would be in force until November 29.
Foreign workers who travel to Jordan with a business visa and stay without a visa beyond a certain period can return to the country without paying any penalties during this amnesty period.
However, the Jordan embassy has said that foreigners who travel there on tourist visas and stay illegally after the visa permit period ends can leave after paying their penalties.
In Jordan, such an amnesty period had been announced for foreigners staying there illegally in February as well.
Is the BJP taking over caste politics in Tamil Nadu?
Anyway, in Tamil Nadu, if Suthi is unable to make Thamarai blossom, the BJP is supposed to eventually take over caste politics.
The first time Modi was prime minister, he had to abandon Thamarai in Tamil Nadu and watch it.
After this, for the second time, only during the MPP elections that were held, Amit Shah strictly said: "You don't know what to do. In Tamil Nadu, Tamar should be flowered."
But in the five constituencies contested, only the soil could be found.
Even though the entire country has been mesmerised by the BJP, there has been a wave of opposition in Tamil Nadu.
This is above all Triple Talaq, the issue of Kashmir, the imposition of Hindi, and the same nation is one language.
Since this all came together, it is still seen in the jungle.
That is why the BJP leadership is reportedly in a tough spot on the Tamil Nadu BJP executives, which is why it is so complicated that even the state leadership cannot be nominated yet.
Despite this, the BJP is making plans to root out the BJP in Tamil Nadu sometime within the upcoming assembly elections.
For that, it seems the BJP leadership has come to a virtual conclusion through live field reporting and intelligence reporting.
Accordingly, there is a feeling among the people of their respective communities that whether it is the AIADMK or the DMK, the 2 Dravida parties do not give enough importance to the people of Nadar, the people of Vanniyar and the people of Devendra Kula farmer.
So it is said that the Dravida parties are in trouble.
This is the fix the BJP has started to implement with a tactical hand.
It is said that they have decided to honour their respective communities with a post that glorifies or gives importance to them.
The appointment of Tamil Nadu Soundararajan as the Governor of Telangana is one such thing.
Similarly, the BJP government is also reportedly giving importance to the high ranking Nadals in ISRO.
It is true that if the BJP acts in honour of each race, it will bring pride and happiness to the people of their respective communities.
Furthermore, something that is not masculine in any case will give the BJP a foothold in this caste politics.
At the same time, when Tamil Nadu is already immersed in caste politics, it is not clear if these actions of the BJP will pour more oil on the flames.
It is true that if the caste fires start burning, even the balm of Tamarai, which is now a bit of a flower in Tamil Nadu, will catch on the same fire!
A labourer is murdered by a drunk priest near Villupuram.
The labourer was stabbed to death with a knife in a pre-dawn clash near Villupuram's Valavanur.
The assistant inspector who went to catch the culprit was also attacked with a knife.
Adichairaj (28) is the son of a beggar from Kengarampalayam Colony, near Valavanur.
Labor.
Kasinathan's son Ayyanar (33) from the same area.
They have been involved in frequent disputes and confrontations over drugs in the region.
There are also cases against them at Valavanur police station.
In this context, Iyanar, who has a young water business, has regularly served alcohol at night, possessed a knife and occasionally threatened the public.
In this context, he went on an alcoholic rampage on Saturday evening, taking a juvenile knife in Kengarampalayam Colony area and threatening people on the road.
At that time, Iyanar went to the auditorium because of prejudice and had a dispute with him at the house.
In the ensuing confrontation, he suddenly slashed Audikairaj with a knife.
In this case, Audikairaj died on the spot after falling down in a flood of blood.
Following this, Ayyanar tripped on the road as he drove away from the public with a knife.
Valanur Assistant Police Inspector Manikandan and the police rushed to the area and tried to capture him.
At that time, the assistant inspector Manikandan was wounded in the hand after being attacked with a knife.
He was immediately admitted to a private hospital and received treatment.
Following this, the police seized Ayyanar and took him to the police station.
Informed about the incident, DSB J. Shankar, Valavanur Police Inspector Nandagopal and the police rushed to the scene of the killing and conducted an enquiry.
The killing in Kengarampalayam, on the border with Pondicherry state, caused fears and police were deployed.
Based on the complaint, the Valavanur police have filed a case of murder, arrested Ayyanar and are conducting an active investigation.
A road safety camp and awareness rally was held on behalf of New Prince Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Sciences and Chennai Metropolitan Traffic Police Department (Madibakkam Traffic Police Sarakam) next to Chennai.
M. Prabakaran, director of New Prince Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Sciences, welcomed everyone.
Veteran Chief Minister V. Karunanidhi, Chief Minister V. Uma Devi, Deputy Chief Minister A. Mathiapaz Pacheli and others took the lead.
L. Naveen Prasad, Vice President of New Prince Education Groups, inaugurated the Road Safety Awareness Camp.
Madipakkam Traffic Police Inspector Sivasankaran was the special guest and flagged off the awareness rally and delivered the guidance guide on road safety norms to the students.
During his speech, he said that the need for road rules should start with the students because they are dependent on their parents and this community.
Young people are the most affected by road accidents and to prevent this, such awareness programmes should be conducted in schools and colleges.
Everyone should abide by traffic rules not to be fined, but to save your life.
Students should wear compulsory headphones while on two wheels and should never use mobile phones while driving.
Vehicles should be operated only after properly learning the road rules.
Drivers should cooperate enough with traffic guards.
If every college administration continues to monitor students' adherence to road rules, it could save students' precious lives.
It is an essential duty for the traffic police and the public to protect such young people as the future of the country is in the hands of young people.
Assistant Inspector Ravikumar, Chief Guards Kandeepan, Srinivasan, Thyagarajan and others participated in this meeting.
Today marks 42 years since the death of Prof Senaka Vibile.
Today marks 42 years since the death of Professor Senaka Vibile, an advancer of national drug policy.
He was not murdered on Guyana Island.
He is the first professor in this country in the medical field.
Professor Senaka Vibile has served as the first Faculty of Medicine at Professor University.
He disclosed issues related to the sale of pharmaceuticals carried out by the country's multi national companies and was under various pressures by these dealers.
The loss to the government from drugs imported into the country under various names is crores of rupees.
So he highlighted the need for a national drug policy for the government.
He worked to provide 335 drugs to patients at a reasonable cost and with high quality.
As a result of his activism, he was subjected to the virtues of heterosexual companies.
The mystery of his death has not been revealed.
During his speech at the United Nations today, Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not utter any words regarding the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
The 74th session of the United Nations is currently underway.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed this event today on behalf of India.
During his speech, he called on the world to unite against terrorism.
He also recalled the lyrics of Tamil percussionist Mathiyan Poongunar, sung by Yaadum and Kelir.
Modi boasted that India is contributing greatly towards solutions to the problem of global warming and that India's contribution to global warming is low, the solution is high.
The Indian government is making a serious effort to make the country plastic free.
He informed that a great health insurance scheme is being implemented in India.
Everybody is listening to Yaadum and Modi spoke in Tamil about the world at the UN.
But at no point in his speech did he mention anything regarding the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
This is because the central government is in a firm decision that Jammu and Kashmir is an internal matter of India.
Political observers say Modi has not spoken any words regarding Jammu and Kashmir, only deliberately, as Pakistan wants it to be an international issue.
This has given the world a mess that Kashmir is India's internal affair.
2,993 tribes have passed the literacy exam in Kerala.
The 85-year-old has also passed the exam.
According to the last census in 2011, 93.91 per cent of the people in Kerala were literate.
The Kerala state government is making efforts to make this 100 per cent.
For this purpose, a state literacy commission was set up.
The commission is conducting classes and exams for people's literacy in each district.
Importantly, the commission is making active efforts to provide literacy to tribes, fishermen and displaced workers.
In this context, literacy classes have been conducted since February for people in tribal areas in Wayanad district and the exam was conducted recently.
The exam had 100 marks; 30 marks were reserved for reading ability, 40 marks for writing ability and 30 marks for mathematical knowledge.
It is mandatory to obtain 30 marks to qualify this exam.
3,090 tribes from Wayanad district participated in this exam.
Among them, 2,993 passed the exam, according to the literacy commission.
Among them was an 85-year-old man.
The director of school education S. Kannapan has ordered to provide textbooks and notebooks for the second season to students in 27 government and government-aided schools on Aug. 3.
In this regard, he has sent a circular to all district chief education officers and district education officers:
Free notebooks have been given to all districts through TNPL for government and government-aided schools.
Similarly second season priceless textbooks have been sent through the Tamil Nadu Textbook Corporation.
All district chief education officers are required to provide textbooks and notebooks to all government and government-aided schools in their district by Sept. 30.
It also said that all headmasters should be instructed to provide free textbooks and notebooks for the second season on the first day of students coming to school after the quarterly holiday.
