The international database of the know today as.
This on the occasion of the veggente, the Ministry of information of the month of the declaration has.
This month on the 15th at the start of the next month, the 15th of October until the end of featuring.
The information has a right to know about the act of getting to promote for many of the work group during the period has been implemented.
In Sri Lanka, by 2016 the information on to the act of Parliament, in the mass of the water will be used.
Of democracy, to further strengthen the measure which is the itamarst.
Currently, this is the law of the world, in the fourth frame to the ranks.
This is the BJP's headquarters in the plastic material, the use is prohibited.
There are water bottle like once the use of plastic materials is prohibited.
India is currently the next election is busy to preparing for the.
Maharashtra and Haryana the next month on the 21st for the date of the election is to take place.
In the same month, the 24th to the date of the election, the results were announced, one of the ... 
This is the party for all of the currently actively preparing for it.
This is the position of the BJP on behalf of the election committee meeting in New Delhi was being held in.
Prime Minister Modi's visit, BJP's national president Amit Shah, BJP's national secretary of the president of the J B of the nut holding this serves to engage in the difficult.
Prime Minister Modi earlier in the month of March the BJP's election committee, with the counsel involved in the.
And then he made the Independence Day speech of the plastic material, to avoid, shun to talk to him.
Used only once with plastic material in addition to that, he was request to him.
This is currently the BJP chief in the office in bulk, once the use of plastic materials is prohibited.
The key to water bottles, everything, the bulk of the drop has been.
Today, will happen to the BJP meeting that water bottles are not used.
Instead, there is to the glass area of the water is given.
Prime Minister Modi's request in the wake of this move don't say it.
Nation of others, this is the activity of the appreciation of the comment that is coming to it.'
பாகிஸ்தானைச்சேர்ந்தவர் clan the Hon.
The social activist, he is also, from the youth, there will be held the children of the marriage, violence against women, and ஆணவக்கொலைகள், oDesk, against the voiceless that has been.
Khyber PCNA, Balochistan province, including parts of the indigenous race, Pashtun ethnic women and girls on the Pakistani military to get involved with the operating of sexual harassment, and related Photographic to the authority of the social web in a release.
Inna tribe on the "treason" case registered there, he was arrested for trying to do those the police are actively engaged.
But the clan along with friends and relatives with the help of the பாகிஸ்தானிலிருந்து fled the scene, went to the United States to seek asylum has been injured.
In the United States in New York of. We do not care. The church in Pakistan with Prime Minister Imran Khan yesterday on the heels of a speech.
"Pakistan militant organization has nothing to do with. So, we all know radical just against the United" to be talked to.
The charger is put up cell phone use by the youth of the electric strike, using the hits of the incident, the police are investigating.
Namakkal district Pallipalayam, near the odpes area belonged to the Ramakrishnan.
He and his son, Devendra (27 years old).
He is popular for private cell phone companies in the tower manager worked with to come to him.
Yesterday afternoon, next to his home in the cell phone charger is cast up on it to see the to be.
And suddenly will carry a short circuit to occur next on the flow of current is prevented.
In which to dunk since the day was his sympathy for the dead.
According to informed Pallipalayam, police arrived on the scene, that led the investigation.
And then next to the body post-mortem for the benefit of Pallipalayam government hospital was sent to the place of.
This is related to the Pallipalayam police station on the complaint to the United States.
Its the Pearl of the police to the case of the turnout to the investigating.
In this incident, that part of the uproar is causing.
And in the case of the arguments put forward in October with 18's at a later date even if the period of time the quality of the hair, and not as the Supreme Court has also specifically for the report to come.
And in the case of the Allahabad High Court has given judgment, continue to resist the appeal of the claims of the Superior Court for the trial to come.
The Supreme Court is the last month of the 6-s to on a daily basis the investigation has been conducted.
October 18-field-date within the scope of the argument to the end of the court is also advised.
Chief Justice Ranjan Coke, oil, led the session, in this case, the trial is on.
Last Monday, the first, in addition to a one-hour time trial takes place.
At yesterday's argument, during the 2003 year, the archaeology department released a report on the Islamic Forum for the parties to object to report on.
And the comment of the judge, "in the archaeology of the report on the objection and if it is you, Allahabad High Court, in the whether that.
And there you have under the law to get relief from.
Here, it is raised in the presence of Don't allow" I said.
In such a situation, and the case again today, was put on trial.
Finally, the Department of Archaeology report on the objections and inform the court, the time for vendettas, the forgiveness we ask, as in the Islamic system, the party said.
Department of Archaeology report on the question of the right of the Islamic Organization of the party, the lawyer did not lose.
But, as the court of First Instance accepted, then the evidence will not be assessed as the judges said.
And in the case of the October 18th with the date and within the arguments of the hair to the back of the mouse to show the judge, and, accordingly, the Hindu and the Muslim sides in their arguments for the complete duration of the mention and should be said.
October 18-field of the date, after the arguments put forward by Ronald given Grade does not in this case, the four weeks to deliver you the better will be the judge of the said.
October is the month of holidays, the days will come, if you observe the layout of the side of the sophistry of the proposed order to the attorney only will be said that.
Dengue fever, the style will be the pill, the dosage is increased just enough, otherwise there is nothing to do with that I do not uttered the BJP chief minister Trivendra Singh was ignored for the moment.
Uttered in the state of about 4800 people have been tenchaichi damage was discovered there.
Tardone so far are the people of the Haldane killing more than 1,100 people, for dengan not affected by the existence of the officials have confirmed.
Also, he is in the teratons per, Haldane 2 people dead in the go-ahead to.
The state health department to report to Steam, September 17, 8 deaths referred to the account as shown.
So much so that, after it, uttered in the state Value Added Tax Act, the mosquito-borne infection to an increased incidence of sought to remove reporter's question, "dengue from infected patients, paracetamol of the drug sales in 500ml G டோசேஜூக்குப்பதிலாக, 650 ml, kramtoad the size of the dose, with a little bit of rest here the return to China of the disease is cured rather than going to" that is indifferent to the Trivendra Singh said.
Implementation of near-veneration of the room, the mystery of the stuff to blast the priest and the sacrifice of the incident resulted in the uproar, the fact is....
Implementation of the next triangle to the area of residence is the one who came Govindarajan (age 45).
It's who he is to the married.
Acitvities of astrology, yoga and much more visible.
Chennai, Nanganallur, belonging to the parish in the last 15 years, ago here's an acre of space to buy up the individual as a tenant.
Around the house, in the herb plants to grow in addition to come to him.
This is the position of the last Saturday in Chennai, Besant city maid Lana and Govindarajan, came home and stayed.
Yesterday in the evening in the house in the puja room is the pseudonym of Govindarajan Puja has to be said.
Then, suddenly, the mystery of the object of the terrible roar broke out.
In which Govindarajan body caught fire.
Howl, holding her from the house to the outside of the RAN.
Noise is heard from the side of the room was Lana came out of the Govindarajan body of songs to be found was taken aback.
In the body, a heavy burn is reached by Govindarajan on the spot, in front of the dead did.
Information on getting the MPAA to the police rushed to the Govindarajan of the body in recovering post-mortem for the benefit of the creation of the state of the hospital sent for him.
The mystery of the subject, the outbreak of Alanya in the vicinity of the house, because, fortunately escaped.
In the puja room of the outbreak of what is the meaning?
The bomb is not known.
The incident took place, the traces of the auxiliary police to cooperate Harini headed to apply a functional expert in the Nina, and the officers to collect it.
In its research for the benefit of the pass you can use it.
Its decision came only after the puja room is the outbreak of what is the meaning?
Also in the puja room sharing is caring, scattered lying there.
Fire as much as sharing is caring there will be no chance that the police suspect him.
Govindarajan physical examination, the results of the investigation to the decision to use it.
It is with regard to the stay of female being investigated.
The pooja room is in the mystery of the stuff to blast the priest and the sacrifice of the incident resulted in the uproar, the fact is....
Long the the choice of of indemnification in the case of C. B. C. I D the police investigation of the humour is perfect.
In such a situation, yesterday, on the heels of the arrest of the roll to show him the father, attached to government Stanley Hospital in both as well as the bee-c. B. C. I T-the Office of investigations was carried out.
T-the South Zone of the superintendent of Vijayakumar and the assistant to the superintendent of the heart of gethesemane, Chennai for C. B. C. I Ti analyst at citrate were investigated, and the appropriate time of the confession, the record of the game.
After that, the medical examination is completed, the bee in the Criminal Justice Department, referee, judge, Pannerselvam in the presence last night at 8.15 O'clock in the produced in the nation.
The actor is a peace-keeping image after shooting... The cause of the government hospital for the patients?
Hospital inpatient for all of us, this is the status of the great cause of it.
Multiplayer is fun to see the then, in the night of the doctor, the nurses, the staff and the burial.
The trial the ambulances and in all of the actor's peace-keeping act, boners in the movement to create a new image for the Shottenkirk used has been revealed.
The actor is a peace-keeping image of the Shottenkirk to the hospital administration system allows you to buy don't say it.
With the public, the ambulance was on tap crew at the delegation to the arguments of involved in the.
It recognized canals the police rushed to the scene the ambulance, the driver in for questioning, took him in.
But in the meanwhile the crew from there and go to those that they are those.
This incident is related to the welcome the crew was in contact with the stone.
But unable to get in touch.
In Australia, from the recovered Natarajar idol yesterday, no colchecter of the temple, the shrine was placed.
Thanjavur district, with no utmost of man with his colchecter there is a temple.
The oldest of the temple of Nataraja at the shrine of one of the two and a half feet tall Nataraja statue Special Police Youth Brigade concept, advertisement, and sreplace iPhone statue in 1982 and moved back.
This is the statue of the Australian Museum, was also revealed.
The statue of the abduction block is the section of the special officer, lie gems of the led to the spring for his efforts on the statue of the recovery by the English of the was.
Salem court utarbeidet yesterday morning, no was.
The police vehicle arrived at the statue of kallidaikurichchi to the public pansatm more to the reception held.
After the statue of the colchecter of the temple, the shrine was placed.
The special officer, lie gems of the said order to steal the probation concept, including the other three statues, you'll quickly find it.
In this incident, the involvement in the arrest as soon as possible to be dealt with and so on.
The need of choice though in terms of more than 3 medical students, and he is the father of the capacity of the police to arrest is taken.
Long the the choice of of though to the issue of Buddha, and he is the father of Chennai's Stanley Hospital, as the doctor attached to government Stanley Hospital have been arrested.
They continue to be investigated as the level of the yesterday, the doctor attached to government Stanley Hospital was suspended, was.
In the meantime the person to disguise the matter in the capacity of the police conduct a serious investigation of coral reefs.
In which the implementation of the belonging to the 3 to the medical students of today stuck in today, 3 more students were arrested by the police.
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, Medical College for belonging to Swami, Praveen, Rahul of 3 people, and that he was the father of the capacity of the police today, arrested, and taken.
In this issue of intermediaries, a total of 6 people were arrested by the police.
The rising spectre of the father that carried out the investigation, and when he gave the confession on the basis of the capacity currently in the action of said.
The need of choice though in terms of the continued strength of the shock to the information published has been are just some of the spit party, the report said.
In public universities, from the release of the graduate in industry is heard in the street, in a demonstration of the system in the situation in the country, too, was a science, technology, and research in the field away from dropping out of the education system that the President Maithripala Sirisena.
Therefore, the national education policy is in need of fundamental changes, in order to further the world's developed countries, the education systems in the nation to be introduced to that practice that is very important is that the president of Sri Lanka.
Today (25 days) am Kandy callall national stadium is the beginning of the 'self in San Antonio' at the second stage of the inauguration of the event attended according to the address transmitted to the president, said.
Science, technology, and the research department of the Ministry of the in the direction feature the self in San Antonio at the second stage, the knowledge, new findings, and a variety of mglovesfun of the event, with the yesterday, 29, on up to Nuwara Eliya callall National Stadium, featuring the.
The world of mannered research through the creation of Science and technology and the new inventions by the of the at the opening of the event participated in the research by addressing the president, he added.
Climate change is causing to our country and people to face the challenges of vetricolor of Science, Technology and research in the field of cooperation is more needed in this day and age, it is about the industry the professionals with the main focus on the need and also the president explained.
The politics in the field of Science, Technology and research in the field and in the vast majority of the country to think about, not for, not only concerning the act to the country in terms of the development of the travel of the key challenges, such as the particular presidency, free education, received the Educator of the natdypetelp for, not only concerning the country, left behind by reason of engineers, doctors, and other service in the country, was necessary to further the country has lost a great deal of issue that should be noted.
Strong hands on the back of the fertile country that is under the theme of featuring a shelf in the San Antonio exhibition, mainly in the technology sector of the industry, trying to Torrent the new production of the nips sections, and mglovesfun, as is divided into five sections.
The technology department in the division of STEM education, space technology, uirtutem, robot technology, and the dipping technology, the Megatons, the new blushed Blue, a green technology company, 55G IOT are the key themes in the modern science, technology and research in the field of knowledge, to promote in terms of the order have been made.
She in San Antonio at the new products section of the country in the buttocks youve 250 or more to the new innovations in display have been away of production for the business மயப்படுத்துவதற்குத் the needs of the projects and practices.
The exhibition is opened to put the president in its view,, the work of the member, with the passage of much discussion.
Science, technology and research, secretary to the Ministry of the shed to cool. Locate, including the officials, many people participated in this event.
The clan have been Mutharamman Temple he had of the festival flag-raising started with.
Thanjavur district, Thanjavur nearest, closecontent Mutharamman Temple, is held annually for Dussera festival, the world famous has been received.
In the Indian states of Mysore, Chamundeshwari temple will be held in the Sarawak, after the excess of Gulshan millions of devotees, he had the ceremony in the diresctors.
Fasting from a variety of roles for the team over the vow by paying the church to worship to closecontent Mutharamman Kovil festival is the custom of the.
The international role of the trippers, and 48 days of severe fasting was so special.
In 2019, the year he had for the festival in the morning at the flag-raising to get started.
He had to the festival for 10 days is going.
He had of the festival, the main event of the Mahisasura on October 8 will be held on.
On this day, on the night of the clan have been to the beach in a arise of a ambigu, Makin, ranked as the has done.
The festival is an occasion of 6 lakhs, other than the devotees of the goddess to pass to the will give you and your business.
Nonamortization, Mutharasan Colston in the will sit on the Lord, view the API to be accompanied by a vision of great pleasure to all of this.
Mental health problems, the issue of the marriage, the child is blessed with the ban, etc.; Tercel ambigu Mutharasan, was a devotee of the unswerving belief of the.
Of Indonesia on Thursday, May Silk the power of a powerful earthquake in the states in 20 of the deaths.
According to the country's National Disaster Recovery System, and the restoration of the force, the higher the combination you said:
The mountains of the island are located in the AMP of the town in the vicinity, on Thursday morning, 8.45 pm (local time), the powerful earthquake had occurred.
The magnitude of this earthquake to 6.5, the unit is divided into a total of it.
This is the earthquake of the states in the number of houses to collapse, fall to the rich; the different locations of the landslides are caused tons of.
In this incident, 20 people were killed.
Building in the ruins caught in the landslide buried and they killed him.
She is a woman, the tsunami can cause, for fear of the higher part of the two-wheeled vehicle, the value added tax act, to speed up when he went wrong, falling into the blanket.
Processes of the earthquake due to the MU 100 people were injured and are; over 2,000 people to a safe area for disposing of intensified got rid of that in the officer's report to a later date.
For 4 lakhs of people are residing in the AMP of the town, with its overhaul of the surrounding area, and the earthquake victims-it's the information for the select vice.
The earthquake, the city hospital, clunkiest, illness Lima and others where the ground is rushing out of year things.
Less than, currently in hock to the camp to set up in which the patients have to stay in that had the information on the report.
Indonesia has in past years caused by the 7.5 magnitude earthquake with the cause of the 4,300 people in the organism and was the nineth.
Up edema in the burglary attempt has taken place.
To the police and to look after the motorbike with 3 people in with the Mystery Gang, and fled the airport.
Chief ministers were of the workshop, part of the the State Bank of India ATM is....
Today, in the early morning to 3 o'clock at night on a motorcycle came to the the 3 the mystery of the person of the ATM before the cab stopped and after that the ATM door to be on the camera to see it.
And then the camera they have brought the spread to hit it.
And the chief ministers of the Tamil Nadu Police Inspector Nagaraj, sub-inspector pet and the police, the night patrol duty, to come, etc.
The Police lot of the noise heard when the motor cycle came on the 3 of the people in the carriage to the speed of the take that escape away.
But as Inspector Vijay, he needs a little bit of time to chase him.
But he was a overwhelmed on to escape away.
Stating that Chief Ministers of the Tamil Nadu police to the case of the turnout to the edema of the robbery attempt have been involved in the mystery of the person of the valves have been searching for.
The police patrol on duty came in because of the edema from the of millions of money to escape it.
I We do not care. The Church of the English in the pride of the edtec in terms of Prime Minister Modi to speak to his him alot of praise needs to be as a minister of the rival May has said.
Co-operative Minister of the rival to Rogue for the section participating in the first conference in the lively and talking to the running tension of the loosening point of view.
Also, the company will be met with even in his interview with the headlines of the news, as according to the action of the feedback, saying the car's point of view.
In such a situation, the United States held in the eyes. We do not care. The meeting of Prime Minister Modi's visit "is in the Oor and all the case that" the Purananuru of the lines cited in the speak to he had.
In such a situation, it is turning to Prime Minister Modi's visit to thank and appreciate the need for, and it is our duty as Today, report to God.
Moreover, the ice. We do not care. The church in the world, among the leaders of Prime Minister Modi's visit to the English perecipatated said.
Madurai arapalayam bus stand in the bus for the codeset to start with, he told reporters it was informed.
Minister of the rival Rogue's interview, the BJP Gucci ft.
Meantime the English in the rule of law in the place they had been, and also gets space in the death of causing the first a former councillor Jayagopal on the arrest of the action that is to be said.
Who is wrong, even if the first government, it is fun to watch, not that if Thatcher and action will be taken as promised.
The Madras High Court, the chief judge, was the income generating company.
He is the chief justice to appoint with our company after becoming the stage in Chennai to the other by the chief judge to appoint a collegium Committee, the central government had recommended.
Accordingly, the Meghalaya High Court Chief Justice to the many me in the decision to appoint has been made.
This is the location of the change in Judge for this income generating, using the refusal to accept the collegiate request to him.
But his request was rejected.
He, in his letter of resignation he gave.
At this level, the income generating, using the transfer was to combat the case was continued.
Meantime, the income generating Center for the resignation of the letter of acceptance to have the federal government declare it.
The case of the telepathists.
In such a situation, the income generating for the archives of the High Court, the attorney for the Association, on behalf of the division of the send-off concert will be held.
28 of the garment to the company of the attack is related to Hinduism, leading to the violence of the tendency to condemn the police have been quick to take action, to emphasize the sacrifice for the secular, progressive alliance, on behalf of the demonstrating took place.
Over the past 5 year-to-date on the Chennai angeripalayam Road, in the garment within the company, observe the lead of the more than 60 people trespassing to assault the nation.
Therefore, the ground of workers being beaten by the likes of, the Company, Holdings and the damage, in fact.
According to the police department, some of the Ryan has.
The incident, in regards to the industry department, various political parties were in motion, the personnel, and the general people's party in condemnation of the write-in position is in Chennai, secular and progressive coalition parties, on behalf of the company has in place to indicate to condemn the last 9 in the protest demonstration announced tat.
Refusing to let the level of the district collectors and the Chennai Metropolitan Police Commissioner, were to relay the complaint petition is granted.
By its precept, held a consultative meeting in September as the dump on the 17th, the day of the secular progressive alliance, on behalf of the the back of of the demonstration, announced it was.
This is the R-the police denied permission because of the constraints of the breach of the last on the 17th at 11 o'clock in the Kolkata Municipal Corporation, opposite "The Hindu, leading to the violence of the tendency to condemn the police department is quick to take action, stressing that" the condemnation of R the bottom of the start up, will be held.
Demonstration in Kolkata to the north of the district survey to the secretary of the scourge. Selvaraj presided over the.
Spain the (M) moniker member of the KLA. Government Museum, Chennai district, Spain (M.) secretary to the CM. Medetken, Tiruppur district of Spain to the secretary of the MU. Ravi, the Congress of the party will depend on Shirdi Sai Baba, time of the incident, including all of the the administrators of the demonstration bancarrota it.
The demonstration, between the police protest that it is not allowed to be narrowed is going to get it.
Then the secular progressive alliance, the party of the soldiers said; Kolkata in the last 5 year-to-date on the Hindu front of the garment to the company for attacking the crisis of the game.
The incident, considered denouncing the Democrats as the R in the bottom to hold, we formally asked for permission to go to the Police Department permission to, stating that we have information that the police commissioner and complained of in the petition given to the skin, and then into the R into it the pic of the police denied permission because of the demand the importance of considering the Democratic President, aaravalli is currently in the demonstration on the ban of the breach is ongoing.
The more the garment company hit by the incident, some of the police arrested, has been.
More of the music involved in the incident, the Hindu of the leading hey for the arrest of the police have been quick measures to embark on to report that later.
The demonstration of large numbers of more than 500 professionals, especially women's participation in that violence against a little later, thus the time of the demonstration the perpetrators to the police arrest not to deter it.
The Hindu The leading organization in Kolkata in the garment company hit by, the various forms of the Hindu was leading the organization in establishing as the religion-violence, and the demonstration of the condemnation of said the sound of the slogans raised.
The democratic basis of the control of Tod's secular and progressive, the alliance, the soldiers carried out the R in the bottom in Kolkata the population and the violence to keep awareness of the project, if it is not an exaggeration; the process!
Railroad to the ocean make the trip to people who had no.100 crore fine in the box office have been made.
Reyes was on the ticket without having to travel to the railway police to register the case, that the penalty was light.
In that respect in the last year than this year, on the ticket without having to travel to the to increase the number of features.
In the past, in 2018 the April-September period of the month in the "ocean" to make the trip for the 17.42 lakh in the case of the register, and from them a total sum of Rs.87.98 crore fine in the office and in the current year from April to September, 19.15 lakhs in the case of the registration is the Rs.100.29 crore in fine to the office and to the Central Railway the press release on the report said.
The medical service is better in the mission to Cuddalore, Tiruvallur district to the federal government, the awards given had a chief me pricamie to him by the collector to show up, greet, get were able.
The chief me pricamie to him on Monday (the 26th-in the present day) Secretariat, the federal government, the Department of women and Child Development Ministry, on behalf of the 6.9.2019 on the bettelle, held on the occasion, "the girl-child to protect the girl-child has quickly become one of stone" of the project under the following four years, the birth sex ratio to increase in order to fund the project to better processes for medical education to deliver the best in the county for the award of the sale-Coimbatore District Collector M. Asia is the challenge of the project on the population and the effect of the awareness of the creation of the district to provide a special district for the nod to the creation of the district collector, Mageswari Richard to show up, greet, get were able.
This is the event that in the course of, social welfare and nutritious meal programme Department, the Minister, Dr. vs. Saroj, Secretary-General of the scourge.There, in the social welfare and nutritious meal programme Department of the secretary of the IRS. The welfare commissioner, no.Abraham, the secretaries were also present.
"I think that if people are to come forward to they will!"With regard to his speaking to Ramsen, "the higher the concentration of vegetables are purchased and used by the difficulty of traffic jams, environmental pollution, and that a variety of functions on by the people of the frustration with this.
Many people tell me to report in to the appropriate hole for Nosipho, this is a solution for themselves, and there's the fact that they have do not appear to be.
This is the perfect solution, and I believed I was making if people are to follow, will come forward to meet.
So my wife and I of the week to once in 10 km. M. The distance of the Walk is simply going to buy vegetables, as we are.
One to continue to go, because at present it is accustomed to.
At present I am mentally very satisfied here" and that the seller,
"With plenty of vegetables, and carrying on walking to the others with him. The plastic threatened to fight back with bamboo basket and conveyed to them the recommendation I have.
But, as they heard it, being laugh at.
So, my wife and I to be the bamboo basket and carry it to the market where we went.
It is in many ways the most beneficial for that is so that I have chosen.
To this day, many of the young people of the healthy, unto the not.
They are going to start their diet should be controlled, I think.
Apt the world, has caused three units to challenge them in the traditional method is the best solution for them to be able to deeply believe in who I am.
One of the traditional means of handling it, if the full health is a leader in the can" as the excitement of a card that says Ram Singh's eyes. So. S.
On a global scale the death of the major factors for having a heart attack, including coronary heart disease, the number one is that of the heart surgeon, Doctor ji. Sengodan said.
World Heart Day is the major annual in the September 29th date of the observance of the night.
This is pre-united with Dr. Ji. S. The Heart Foundation, on behalf of the heart by the co - heart of the court, and that the awareness of the event in Chennai t. and water in the city of 27.9.2019 will be held on.
Apollo Hospital is high, the consultant and the interventional cardiovascular therapy expert, physician, Xi. Sengodan show, presided over.
The special guest at the mix, with Draper and the red mother of the head refers to the doctor for, including all of the following is the heart of the keepers - the heart of man to land is to ensure that the language and accept it.
To continue healthy living on the red mole is addressed.
The hospital president, physician and why. Morgan received the.
The show of medical experts in Xi. Seng Hotel, speaking on the Tao of the:
On a global scale the death of the main factors for the top spot in the A heart attack, including coronary heart disease, there are.
In India, coronary heart disease, the increase in Tusa continue to be available.
Young people have a heart attack, suffer from.
We are aware that the security of having the doll, coronary heart disease, 80 per cent of the rate can be prevented.
Mom, dad, and grandfather and grandmother to heart disease, if you have all of our heart, diseases of the the possibility of.
We have the life-time of the adjust ment that if you go to the heart, the disease is partly to prevent you can.
Currently the most modern medicine, in whom the attack is coming, whether in advance can be predicted.
At the beginning of that was, if you had a heart attack coming on can be prevented.
Violation of the heart attack, the sooner the cure can be made.
In exchange, he said.
The corruption case is sentenced to receiving caught up in the principal's bramsche to qualify you for the period of 6 years from the year in a month and, as cut is the Election Commission.
Thus the man mid-term elections, in to compete in to be the stumbling has been removed.
LS polls with the Sikkim Assembly election will be held.
Election of the Sikkim Krantikari Morcha had a landslide victory.
The party's leader in the Bremen man to the state is the principal in charge of him.
But the corruption case is one of 2016's year of tanggu cernettes of the prison sentence imposed.
This is the Supreme Court, and to make sure the prison experience might lack.
The corruption case is sentenced to prison for me to enjoy one of the 6 years, the election can not be, since the man took office when the controversy broke out.
It stuck to us, the assembly of the mid-term elections in the man to compete with that.
The BJP with the support of the man stuck in the US, the regime is carrying out it.
Meantime the different categories of indicator and their election to impose the 6 years of the lifting of the ban on the request of the Election Commission, to a letter to the one Don had sent.
Letter to the review applied to the Election Commission of the thangka is the period of a year and a month for me to lower the announcement effect.
By the assembly of the mid-term elections in The than compete, is not.
Tanggu given the privilege to use English, including other states and their political branding is no longer playable, you can start.
The BJP's option for the whole range of the Electoral Commission, and the executive of the report were released in May.
The need to choose the person to disguise the case to the student to roll out AMI, the father of the state of the doctor attached to government Stanley Hospital suspended position.
Also to the person to disguise the affair in the intermediary of the act by Joseph, is in Kerala, has been arrested.
Theni Government Medical College, belonging to the student's roll in Iraq need to choose the mistaken identity to be discovered.
He Rises actor and his family over to the police in case of registration to a later date.
But with the rising actor and his family had fled into hiding.
Also anticipatory demand to roll the van to the court on the nomination to had.
It consists of a return to the family sneaked into the rising actor and a Ukrainian were detained by the police.
Roll out to wherever the family Gundogdu was arrested in Salem for the arituba the number of hours the investigation was carried out.
In this investigation, during the son of the doctor and to the person to disguise to roll out AMI's father, Dr. Venkatesan, agreed with him.
The police I attached to government Stanley Hospital in the confessions given to following all appeared in court, was jailed.
The rising spectre of the father of the Chennai's Stanley Hospital, the state, the physician worked for.
He is currently detained in prison because the government of Tamil Nadu Venkatesan was suspended for the
Also attached to government Stanley Hospital has given a confession on the basis of the intermediary of Joseph and Carrie States, was arrested.
In his trial for the English to be there.
The need to choose the person to disguise the case to the student to roll out AMI, the father of the Chennai Stanley government hospital, the doctor attached to government Stanley Hospital suspended position.
Meantime truncate the intermediary of Joseph, hold up need to choose the training center, the capacity of the police today in the investigation of staged.
Need coaching center by the name of the large-scale recruiting to disguise the fraud of Joseph, who was said to be.
That is why it is Joseph, which the rising actor's father, Dr. Venkatesan is easily approached God.
Joseph, after practicing in the center of documentation and studies have been done capacity of the police.
'In the empty part of the Anamalai Wildlife Sanctuary, vicegerant of the blocks of the next month (October) and 21-focus on the mid-term elections to be held there.
Vicegerant on the volume of the. The MU. No. To compete with it. Anamalai Wildlife Sanctuary the volume of the alliance partner, the Congress, to have been.
The last night of the All India Congress party's general secretary and Tamil, the in-charge of the face of rendu ASIC Anamalai Wildlife Sanctuary in the constituency will compete for the Congress in the name of the candidate declared.
Up in the north of the district the chairman of the Ruby Manoharan (age 60) candidate for the announced position.
Ruby Manohar's hometown of Kanyakumari district, the orders of the nearest Maroubra is.
15 years in Indian Air Force, who worked in the parish, and then in Chennai, the construction company is carrying out it.
Worked under the Departments of the 141-th birthday on the occasion of the special ceremony for 535 of the Malaysian government to the English schools of writing, the reform of the thread, the gift of being.
Bucketbrigade and the mandap of the Garden State of TMPL in peril under the state of spelling reform in the introduction to the book of the ... 
And this is the thread to contribute to the running 535 TMPL for the grid to be forwarded.
In the first phase, can the state and the Selangor state operation at 150 TMPL to this thread with sent.
According to this school of around 50 thousand higher than the students of the function of the pilchers.
And is 7 thousand more than the author makes of the works of the noted that the of the.
This is the book of the way here is the study of the students of the seeker and the teacher to have the English language for the amphetamine to the charity sale, to get to know the best option, which is set in the sought to remove you.
With Dr. Kim. Virmani he was the piper of the introduction at the ceremony, while explaining the MU. Govinda the play they are addressed.
This show, while Cena for them to Periyar bernston Fighter award by the feature of.
Poets of the English School of the former head teacher of the peri-laws, bernston fight the juggernaut. No. This is the peril he commanded in love, about poetry, and read him.
From Taiping to touch belonging to the poet, there he is for the rational, Balan, that the award was granted, is significant.
Bhagat before and after the revolution, the motion in this video.
But Bhagat of his comrades of the revolutionary operating system with its Make in India is the political will for a new evolution, and the clear doctrine of such signs is just a tribute is not.
Pradhikaran is just foolish, and human beings that don't care cleanser is among the one of the concept existed in what we can see.
Bhagat the period of their compassion and clear thinking, and the ability to be able to in our implies.
In 1929 February, the assembly of the bombing, after the show in India, Bhagat the name bravlin place.
The potential part is still slightly off is just for the public debut.
But the introduction has been made within a year of his popularity in English society in all corners of the replicated over the sides of even the most rapidly spread.
This is the history of the most dazzling the news of Gandhi's, including Adnate, the other in the head in the name of the company, not so much in the short term, the potential to spread as far as the.
It is because the father of the amphetamine they are the same.
Bhagat killed in Mtwara, the Republic of the week in the issue of Bhagat that in the article in an editorial released.
The editorial Bhagat of the properties and interests of the most of appreciate that in the political circumstances of some of the ideas put forward.
Athlantis from some of the areas of the:-
"Truly Bhagat of his policy, the whole of the right, that is mportant Nichido it is to fulfill them with the behavior of the models with just the right system, and he has to make the decision is composed troparion definitely he is going happens to be wanting to tell us just that according to her happen to them if he is yoga enough montrent does not say that, shall we say.
So, now we have a real man, that is to say, we will.
India, Bhagat the principle is the fact you can do that, it is our strong opinion one of the.
Back. Bhagat lift uireturnkeydone திருக்காவிட்டால் to win this so much in popularity that is authorized to look at the evidence would have been.
And Bhagat Tuccillo had Candice champion is still free of the fear of being that kid again.
The idle automatically, and the disease bring the suffering possible to the silk from the dead, and the ashes were to be Bhagat of the Indian people and why the people of the world for real equality, and peace, be asctc cross to be used made available to the mother for his survival rather than forced.
In normal, if anyone else cannot berembang not saying Bhagat and sincere, air, sign-up on his own to appreciate those who are!"
If the Republicans in the Journal in the editorial of the father of the peri-laws and they have a.
At this stage, the incident is held in the school gym panelist, from tennis to turn to the police, the school, at the feet of the Pittston little girl, the author of the kick because of the arrest of the series.
In the little girl's hand, and the plastic tag with The Binding of the police car to the Juvenile Detention Center (Juvenile Assessment Center) for up to take has gone out there is guilty of taking similar to that of the nameplate, the carrier stands a little girl in the photo is also taken in.
His fingerprint and a copy will be taken.
After this message, and the child's family, said by his family to live with and he has been handed over.
Another of the children to the police station, they took Will to my information, they didn't know.
A little girl Kai and rollin to the identity of an acknowledging of his grandmother's Graceland, according to the media in an interview, 'Sleep Apnea' is for the sleeping problems of those who suffer from what is for my granddaughter, and the intake of the drug's effect in the cases of such attempts have.
He was arrested said that he and most of the அதிர்ச்சியடைந்துவிட்டேன், in which the 6-year-old child and I thought I to explain, in relation to the facts.
UttarPradesh, in the rain of the flood, 4 days, 73 people have died in eastern UttarPradesh in the majority of counties in the forecast of the portfolio in the red if the instrument issued.
In Bihar's capital, Patna, in the last four days of the season of the G. The risk, in many areas, flooding has occurred on the road and rail traffic in disarray.
Bihar and the states of the heavy rains since this morning, with many train services were cancelled.
Today in the center front, Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, video-conferencing, through the advisory committee meeting was held.
As of Tuesday, all the school, and the closure order has been.
Uttarakhand, Jammu & Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh and the heavy rains has been there for the last few days in rain-related incidents in others lives.
UttarPradesh on the Friday of the nature of the by more than 3 percent of the excess rainfall season of the year.
The state of the East, the area most badly hit.
Yesterday, the preachers of 42.5 mm. M-in the rain, the shoots of 6.2 mm. M of rain in the season of the year.
This year, the average rainfall is more than this is too much.
UttarPradesh in a wide variety of parts in yesterday, 26 people were killed.
Instead of the previous 2 days, and 47 people died.
The heavy rains in Thane, Amat, Harda and other districts of the flood when submerged.
All the necessary safety, measures taken to push UttarPradesh Chief Yogi Adityanath to the district collector and the Regional Commissioner for the order now.
In Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh in the last two days of rain with a total of 6 people died.
In the in the in the TopWare of the state to the school's wall collapsed in three of the students died.
The Central Region Police Constable, including the 3 people were on Friday killed after that.
The incident, from a kilometer away at their bodies were found.
The last of the 24's to date, the share of nuclear energy of the Department of the wards report, which was released in.
The report is used for the preparation of the group's leader is Michael Scheider.
The aywright the world's energy requirements in the 1996's year, 17.46 per cent, from the nuclear energy sector by 2018-with this year's concepts as 10.15 percent of the decreased.
This fall, the world's focus on nuclear energy beyond the renewable, long-term bandargate the energy of the home page to show for it.
Nuclear energy is the overtaken by the renewable energy such as solar power, wind power, hydroelectric energy, etc. on a global scale are growing.
Each and every year in a variety of settings, the global nuclear energy sector in the wards reported the issue.
This is the year of the released of the report, according to the world, especially as the nuclear energy industry in the fall on centrecontact seems to be.
India's nuclear energy sector, as well as most of the poor still exist, the report noted.
The purity of the India project, the better செயல்படுத்தியமைக்காக Prime Minister of India, Modi to global goalkeeper award in place to provide in recent years is.
In India, the Prime Minister of the Modi-led central government's "Clean India" project of the declaration has been implementing.
The last of the 2014's year of Mahatma Gandhi's birth, on the day 2-10-2014 on this project will be introduced.
The house, in the toilet of the building, the photographies, the formation of the solid waste management of the creation, including things like with the aim of being the project.
This is the the program s around the country, with 10 million more toilets have been built.
98 percent of the villages in the rural health care will be brought to the customer.
This project is for the appreciation of the United States and and lean States of the Gates Foundation on behalf of Modi for the International Achievement Award, world goalkeeper of the award will be announced.
In such a situation, the United States, with the tour undertaken by Prime Minister Modi's visit to the Today's global goalkeeper was presented with the award.
In New York the United Nations Security Council meeting today between the ceremony held at the world's richest man, Bill Gates with this award-Modi-to provide in recent years is.
Award-winning with Prime Minister Modi, speaking of Mahatma Gandhi, the purity of the dream, and now the நிறைவேறியிருப்பதாக said.
The purity of the Indian states in the program execution, and its daily life on the flank of the transfer of billions of Indians for this award, submit a post, Modi said.
The purity of the Indian states in the implementation of the 3 million people for various diseases in order to save, have been, as the World Health Organization, which Modi pointed out.
At present, the prevailing and the rain and the flood level of the Spirit desires to spread the available disaster conditions prevailing in the place of the Ministry of Health has announced.
As a result, an unnecessary order to the water in the landings except for the of the Ministry of Health has instructed.
Many of the counties in the heavy flood caused by the disaster stage is currently the fallback is not that it is related to the general population of odontodes work to make the Ministry of Health has said.
The boy and the old flood bathypelagic naysayed hospitals allows for increased.
Thus all of the following to health care is related to the increased focus on the means of the Ministry of Health is the risk of comitu of the division to the chief officer of the Italian Hemanth Herath vulnerable people who heard and recognized.
The author of the president's holiday is Lewis related to the Ministry of education, to the media a statement was issued.
The teacher, the principal of the service is paid at the odds to solve for the suggestions and the recommendation of the advance marked by the Ministry of Education issued a report, the report said.
The teachers and the principals, including the government, to all the staff for their salary increase to the public service salary anomalies for the removal of the panel's recommendations for the next year, in the month of January, since the date of the implementation of the ready to the level of their own pay, the irony is based on having the teachers and principals are sick of the holiday in the service of the சமூகமளிக்காமை of the great injustices of the activities that the Ministry of education as well.
The Union of the operations involved in the use of staff the right path.
And the challenge issued was not to be however, to feature a visible pay increase in in regards to to after their operation is due to the success of the pointer to the members cheat is for the strategy to be used and the Union of the opportunistic activity of the amatuer author of the president as the pathetic decent for a job that corresponds to the activity that is not according to the ministry.
2015 is the year of the setup of the author, and the president's salary is the greater of the increase was this amount of 106% of the increase in writing as well as to pay for the increase in any state carried out in the Noticias that the minister of Education attorney-at-law அகிலவிராஜ் Karim in parliament last July has said.
In the public service, within the generally prevailing salary anomalies with regard to the designated range of the group, all the teachers, the principals, their salary anomalies related to the education of the Ministry of suggestions and recommendations, and submitted the post of the minister in parliament last June to the 7th of October to report the number.
The president for the payment of 650 rupees from 6,500 Rs to be increased.
2015 and the start of the தாமதப்பட்டிருந்த the promotion of the work of the present time to carry out the intestine.
Pension to obtain a idependents once the process has been.
The president of the service from politics, and restore the service at the president of the standards prevailed in the deficiency of in order to resolve the Competitive Examination conducted by the nearly 6,000 people in the service of the attachment.
The teacher and the principal for the overseas training is for the opportunity to petrocoke, author of in the service of up to 25,000 people to link to since the activities of the last four and a half years during the period, namely the short-Galapagos were passed by the committee.
These are education in the field of Human Resource Development, aiming to advance the that the Ministry of Education has today issued a media release also said.
The need in the exam though that won in Chennai Mertesacker, along with reading for the in Chennai for students of the Buddha on the complaint arose.
He is, in this case C. B. C. I D to be changed.
He, Buddha, his parents, and with the magic of.
In such a situation, not unique to the police the day before yesterday, in foothills of utsuryo and his father Venkatesan, mother of Calvin were like then.
Goa is the state of PA. Jump. The legislator Atanasio Monseratte, a minor girl for sexual violence, the complaint is based on against him indictment on forbidden by the Goa court.
16-year-old girl is one of rape made Atanacio, that he has been accused of.
Last year, he has 250 pages with a crime, the newspaper of the north of Goa, to the District Court, filed with the police department.
In this case, the investigation of the October 17th start of it.
Atanasio in Motihari block in the Assembly, a member of the kingdom.
He is of the age of 55. Rape the incident is said to be in the year 2016. And the woman 16 years of age.
The drug is giving himself to violence, did also his mother, Atanasova-Rs. 50 lakh for himself to sell he would be guilty of illegally was that of the woman.
In the past in 2016 in the arrest of Atanacio is currently on bail, are to be noted.
Pakistan the focus of yesterday evening, caused by the earthquake, Pak Occupied Kashmir, the higher the damage suffered.
About 25 people, there are ' concerns.
Over 400 people were injured.
Pak Occupied Kashmir, with a focus on the last evening of the 5.8 Richter scale earthquake occurred, in which the women and children, including at least 25 lives, and more and 400 people were injured, many of them heavy, were injured, Pakistani officials said.
In this earthquake, in Jhelum river, to the North, 22.3 km away, in the Punjab and in Occupied Kashmir, are the introduction of the Dividing Range, in the center of the town to have had, the US Geological Survey Center, said.
The quake was 10 km.M from the surface to the center of the visor.
In the Punjab the majority of the areas of the Khyber bactenecin in some areas it was felt.
However, "most of the bad damage it (the occupation) airport district was called" Pakistan's chief weather analyst Mohamed RIAs said.
Jhelum river, in the vicinity of the earthquake center was, since it is Jutland, and the car is sweet in the midst of the area of the disaster, to devote hundreds of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure for damage to the airport the Divisional Commissioner, Mohammed, Ruth said.
Airport of the headquarters to go to the hospital on the way to or 12 people dead, he said, and at the same time, 13 of the people of Jutland, and the car is sweet and between the different villages have died.
Injured over 150 people, Dana. H. Q in the hospital for treatment of a lifetime.
Many of the above treatment for the benefit of the, Rawalpindi and sent to be tested.
In the countryside of the mobile phone, the phone service and electricity is provided, has been lost.
As a result, the people in their argileglacee information or to get help and couldn't.
Anamalai Wildlife Sanctuary mid-term elections to compete in, in order to secure the election of King padmaraja, the presiding officer submitted the papers presented to the Made.
In Salem district in the implementation of the vicinity of the verkauft of the village belonging to the padmaraja, the Utah Jazz, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalithaa, Congress, Rajasekhar Reddy, as many of the leaders were opposed to the election of the company to compete on contains Signer.
Became president in the election of the vote, Bernabeu, Ramnath, immersed among those opposed to competing contains Signer.
In the election of the allocation of the take of given to deposit the amount of the benefit, not only of his சொந்தப்பணம் of Rs. Of the 32 forms of spending are known.
So he is a rich man what should not count, medium is read only.
It consists of the Anamalai Wildlife Sanctuary set to be held mid-term elections in competing with them in the appropriate allocation of election of the authorities of the Natesan told yesterday to be presented.
The 206-year-system for the nonagenarians to compete for the same thing, said he, in his purpose of successful and not that of the universe of iptp, their goal is also to report the birth.
Already in the Li's in the book of itaperuna, which said he was in the Guinness Book ideferredinstance election to stop get he says.
The Indian public more times, in the elections to compete for the defeat, embracing a record of the propriety of this election of the King padmaraja.
The moon on the ground விக்ரம்லேண்டர் strong and is up for grabs. Photographic evidence published by NASA.
28 the moon, the yan-2 spacecraft in the movie-Man's land, and the moon's south polar region is in the strong collision landing location for NASA's L-AROs orbiter, like the image that is sent.
Ling sent to the moon, the yan-2 spacecraft in the movie Land man on the moon's south polar region in the past, the 7th to date has landed.
But at the last moment, with the communication piece is.
The moon's floor general Award-man's land as Meg's walk tryingto replace the sprint with a triennium, it is damage to the mind, that communication had been cut off, can not be regarded as fixed.
The general, he is portrayed as Belarus orbiter for the past 17, the date of the moon's South-Pole area of the pass.
At the time, Australia land of the backlog of land by the simple Liang, N. and mansions in C, the two peaks of the inter-Delta area is the most sophisticated method of image capture is sent.
This is the pictures of the weed to explore the stage lander on the ground of strong grabs, landed to ensure the Yagi is.
So, just because the land used to be the place to be with a little bit of distance to go into sought to remove you.
This is in regards to NASA's Wars program, the deputy director of the John Keller who said, "the moon of the tender part of the L. arose orbiter for the past 17, the date of which has passed on.
Then, in the evening, the darkness of the surrounding at the time of taking the pictures sent in.
It is to explore the in Australia land the ground in the gust of the moth to land on it as it has.
But the movie-Man's land as the land on which the precise place of the Find could not.
Belarus the R bits of the next month, the 14th to date back to the tender area of the pass-through.
And then the light would be better, since the movie-Man's land for me to capture sweet potato were more likely to say," said he.
Prime Minister Modi, US president of the Trump of both the ideology and the same.
The economy seem to care about the US tycoon Trump to support Modi's campaign is doing.
The central BJP rule in the federal theory, Calvicie to me the government and administration of the seminar held at the Sitaram Yechury accused of back-to-back.
The Marxist, the Communist Party, on behalf of the municipalities of rye in the auditorium of the state to the rights of the people against the bill are that the topic of the seminar will be held.
To which the Marxist, the Communist Party's All India General Secretary of the cheetah Yechury participated in The according to Harper's, said.
The seminar, at the talk to of the A Nation, a culture, an elective, is an education system that is the BJP's campaign in India, Pantethine castigate.
The government's anti-stance on the rejection on the you desires, saying that the arrest can be made.
The Act amendments will be brought to the customer.
Branding bimarestan, social, website record blew up he said he go to jail in order for the human rights violation of the land held being that of the accused, and the nation is currently in economic crisis, there has been.
Because the people buying the power.
But in the 2 lakh crore rupees for the rich is the boss of the government to blow up has been given.
This is the people against the government, against the coming of the month of October and 10 new, from the 16 test will be held until after the fight, everyone will take part as requested.
Continue to talk to her, the Prime Minister of the nation seem to care about the economy, பற்றிக்கவலைப்படாமல், Trump had no campaign to make it comes.
Bangladeshand of an actor in him in India when it came to it, to prevent the government of India.
But the Trump in the back of a small Modi to the United States to go with him to the boom.
This is both in the doctrine of the one is sure that has also filed to Modi.
The central BJP rule in the federal theory, Calvicie to.
The politics of the charter the affirmation of the erased have not been, as siddharameshwar occasions.
In the seminar of the Marxist Communist Party of Tamil Nadu state secretary Balakrishnan, Puducherry Secretary of State in the art, and the leading comrades attended the meeting.
Farmers Insurance is in the church records through the insurance Tonypandy to pay all the farmers a compensation of 2 week that is paid to the agricultural and Rural Economic Affairs, Livestock Development, Irrigation and Fisheries and Aquatic Resources Development Minister in the B.Here has said.
This is related to the Agriculture Insurance Board to offer advice to to.
Under the Ampara, Moneragala and Attal region for the insurance premiums, the payment of which 3,000 farmers in the production of damages for the compensation of the tune.
The rural economy of the Ministry of the auditorium, held a discussion, when the minister of these matters should be noted.
For the next month on the 11th held in the Elpitiya Pradeshiya Sabha general elections for the ball to pass the day the feature will be.
The day of the postal vote by the only people who don't, the next month, the 4th of October by post, the voting cases, there is the election of the manicure head about the despair said.
In the Galle District Election Office for the facilities has been made.
In the post, by vote of the national identity card or in the election of the commission-approved identity card, for the need to carry.
Citizens that worked under the state of the birth-day of the two libraries, one may open up
Can the state of the mandap to the garden of the:
As the years form the of the by this English school has about 100 students, with the pilchers.
Here are the Periyar library 17-9-2019 in the garden of the administrators (Saba) - chairman of the Directorate of the operating personnel than is immersed well, they are opened.
This is the event for this school in leadership of the blessing of the Rio, until the, he's the chief adopted him.
In this school, the Administrative Board of the day, the members of the Parent-Teacher Association members, teachers, students, and Perrin's recipient for Volunteer of the outyear, this is the Cena is in Jordan to attend the highlighting was with.
The students taste the water, drink the fruit of A were given.
The school's teachers and students, as well as worked under the state of the thread of the presentation was given.
Pukkidega the garden, in token of the city:
The English School of approximately 160 students, with the pilchers.
Here in Tamilnadu my set up.
In the center of the approximately 500 books were issued.
The show Nariman Mallika blind in this school, the leadership of the editor-in-chief, presided.
The Periyar formed and the water resources in the annals of comrades participated in the feature also.
For the students the taste of the drink was presented.
Teachers worked under the state of the thread of the presentation were distributed.
Goto the garden to the table in the town:
This is the English School of about 100 students and 15 teachers are working with when you will.
This show is also the school's deputy head teacher, Mrs. Kanaha's trailing the play, said.
Only about 400 more than the thread of the presentation provided by Tamilnadu library 23.9.2019 on the open.
For the students to taste the water for granted.
The author makes for the gift of the blueberry under the state of the thread for the offer of the distributor.
Moo. Immersed well in his participating in the above events, all for the better took place.
Worked he commanded in love, about his work on the interpretation of the text of the three schools for the people, that is remarkable.
AGN president, Dr. Kim.Virmani for their continuous perioral the work of all of the events described in that it is to be noted.
Kerala's politicians in the assembly module for mid-term elections the left-wing alliance candidate for PM in C. The ship won.
The Congress is separated from the thanks to begin while the Congress of the alliance, the partner who was gay. M. Hours a day.
Kerala's political history, the election of the failure, but to embrace the non-political head of the leader of some secret game. M. Hours a day.
The Federal Minister of Kerala in various sectors, the minister is to be in the game. M. Hours of over the past the month of April for the health of the buffer passed away.
Thus the Jack is the assembly of the modules for the mid-term elections were announced.
Some thing happens with elections in the last 23-in the present day have been held.
Ithout the left of the candidate hours for the chip. The ship, the Congress alliance candidate Joseph Toth beliggenhet, the BJP candidate in Dhule question were patetic in.
Election on the record of the vote of this morning, were counted.
In which the left-wing candidate for PM in C. The ship 54,137 of votes the winner received.
He was opposed to competing with the Congress alliance's candidates 51,194 vote was.
The left-wing candidate for PM in C. The ship 2,943 votes to win, won.
The BJP candidate to contest Gurgaon and Hari 18,044 votes received.
In the past the 2016 election in the same seat in the BJP 24,821 of votes received.
The current mid-term elections on the BJP over 6,000 votes lost to the.
Jack, the volume in the last 54 years, the Congress of the alliance of dominant driver.
Now this is the dominance of the left at the end of which it had arrived.
In the country's Southwest, in the direction of the sea in the territory of the prevailing talk of the causes of the Colombo initiative to the public through the Colombo ranging in the sea areas of heavy rain likely.
Kankesanthurai and from Trincomalee through Batticaloa, ranging from great to beyond the A sea of the territory in the middle of the crowd in the rain or in a thunderstorm season of May.
The country, surrounded by a dozen of the other ctress in the evening time or at night, at the time of the first rain, or a thunderstorm season of May.
The country surrounding the ctress of the wind in the southwest direction on the blowing instruments, and wind speed hours in to the 10 to the start of the 30-kilometer up to the Cape.
In a thunderstorm, when the area of the temporary to the wind speed 70 start 80 kg, the mirror up to Adickes.
In such cases the sea was temporarily in turmoil, with the view that the Department of Meteorology today released by the Pirates of the region for weather-related arises is noted.
The nuclear supply group of countries in Europe, India and the member and should be included as a of the United States in New York City, a meeting with Prime Minister Modi also stressed.
Of the United to 7 days, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government முறைப்பயணமாக gone.
The day of the ice. We do not care. The arc walk will be the Annual General Meeting of Prime Minister Modi to Uriarra.
This is due to a variety of events to participate in, and the world leaders to meet has been.
Its just a part of the United States hosts held out by Modi at the show to the US president of the Trump to be met.
Both countries the leaders of both countries relationship, Career, Business, care, world issues, Kashmir issue, including the various things in regards to the advice to hold off.
The New York City, held yesterday, the plumpos the global industry forum for the meeting of the American companies, the Chief Executive Officer, many of whom are mixed in with it.
To participate, Prime Minister Modi talk as follows:-
Nuclear power and the use of the fuel produced, that is, today, India is the challenge.
The nuclear supply group of countries in Europe, India is not a member of the reason for this.
The opportunity to get to the world of such seam, a leader in the making.
As prime minister Modi's visit to talk to him.
Most of the world's nuclear commerce with the nuclear supply group of controls.
This is the group of India, a member of the followed by a variety of measures has been taken.
Which of the Indian's visit to the United States and other countries to support, even though the Nuclear Proliferation Treaty, India did not sign that China was opposed to the.
However, in the last March of the United States 6 agency for India's nuclear power reactors set up as mentioned.
Pallipalayam, near the aldermen a way was found to have been.
Namakkal district Pallipalayam near coherant partners, the day before yesterday (Sept. 26th) in the afternoon to the farmers for planting and the costs of the staff of the pit to dig in.
In the pot is one of the aspects of the
Continuing to dig the pit, while it is the aldermen a way for me to know at all.
The inside of the bone was found.
Informed of the maintenance department personnel to the scene to go to Paris in the bone to collect it.
According to the region, says, "Aurora is at coherant set of the sought to remove you.
Therefore, the Archaeological Department to study if it is also a historical symbol of innovation" on it.
In the engineering education curriculum in technology education for high Organization, the All India Technical Education Council (East) in a specific time period, updating, and improving the work carried out and report has been.
East of the design of this project, the engineering education in higher education institutions for the follow-up procedures.
Anna University then connected with the college for the curriculum of the university administration design.
It consists of 2019 in the month of June in the east released by the vlighttpd, this is the year of engineering studies belonging to the student during the course of the project independent of the 32 subjects, 3 subjects Verappa to choose the 3rd, at, 5th semester of study is just.
Society for technology in education, and in the dharma, the dharma of the ideal life, the NRLM and video taken to document the attack as the 32 subjects in the list have.
Anna-plakala colleges such as College of Engineering, Guindy, School of Artex and planning, Alpha College of of generic, Chrompet at the Madras Institute of technology of the 4 colleges of Muhammad belonging to the class of students in the courses of the wise optional subjects are chosen and made.
In the B. Tech (Information Technology) students which of the 12 subjects in the philosophy course, choose to do it.
Philosophy of the lesson of the 5th unit of "knowledge energy" is the topic of our energy, feeling the effects related to the Bhagavad-gītā, in which have been there for me, mind-to build the line of the track to keep Arjuna to Krishna's teaching of the unit, with the Bhagavad-gītā, the lesson is.
Meanwhile, Anna, of dental the Academy of the sudden the Bhagavad-gītā lesson, to come up to the English in fierce opposition arises.
It is said to the opposite is a secular country, the project is not the song of life can be added to the as a Water Resources Corporation, chairman of the author of the ad. Veeramani, DMK leaders have been organized successfully. No. Of Stalin, including the leader, the educator, the Student Association, the writer, as many of the parties previously opposed to it.
At this stage, the brother to the dentist the dissolution of the Corporation, of a sudden the Bhagavad-gītā lesson is based comes partly in protest, and as of October 1st of the date of Anna University in the vicinity of the survey to the student on behalf of the team as the fight will take place, as has been reported.
All the people can be equality in status and position of the heart is simply for their purpose
Regardless of race, religion, party, discord of any kind to fellow people, to be equality in the status of the position of the heart is simply for their purpose, that of housing the architect of Normandy's Culture Minister Sajith Premadasa has said
In Colombo yesterday, held a press meet in the city of Cork.
The basis of the country of origin, the pride of adding to the ஜனநாயகரீதியான principles of the declaration will soon be published, he said.
To the executive the power to strengthen any of the exceptions to the do not.
No relative of his ministry or by or under which the company to serve, and as such, he said.
The corruption scandal involved from doing so in the presidential election, campaign, or political travel, while the link to the collaborators and that of the Minister Sajith Premadasa should be noted.
Vicegerant batch of mid-term elections for the 68-m. L. So. The LEDs in the standings iarchitects meant to head.
Vicegerant, Anamalai Wildlife Sanctuary is both a volume for October 21 with the date of mid-term elections held in the states.
In wickerode allowing the nonagenarians in Congress, and more as opposed to compete with it.
Vicegerant of volume in the mouthpiece as to keep praying that Doug will give and because of that, allowing the president to Stalin Mather water pontoon is considering a variety of strategies, formulation has been reported.
Allowing the assembly of members, the number to 100. In 68-m. L. So. The LEDs vicegerant mid-term elections work for the people responsible for the hire and has meant the leadership.
That belonging to the 32-core. L. So. The LEDs not only for the DUI exception gave.
It Anamalai Wildlife Sanctuary the seat of Congress, to complement, to be heard and recognized.
Vicegerant the election of boropukuria the president of pontedeume, the secretary of the jcharts core. B. Jung has been appointed.
So. Ancient, belongs to the select, and why. Game. S. Vijayan, among those appointed.
Also, the 10-m. B. The LEDs of the mid-term elections in the process and engage.
The parliament after the election, Tumkur block, alone in the held for the election of the MP. B. Pals who are you meant to the chief of the election task is not to engage in.
They are with you, as usual your task is to listen, and that was Stalin.
Right now he is in the assinment is given below.
In Bangalore, the former commissioner of police in the home the chip. B. I Test.
The political elites of the phone otuchat the issue of Bangalore, the former police commissioner of housing in the CPI, the test has been.
Controlling, contentious and led the government to collapse after the Bharatiya Janata rule set.
Setup the CM to assume office.
This is the condition of Bangalore city, the police commissioner appointed by Baskaran, Commissioner of the promotion for the benefit of the party's luminaries with a host who talks to the audio of the conversation the release of a huge amount of stir it caused.
Contentious rule in the telephone tapping to listen to have been the Bharatiya Janata complaint said.
The Bharatiya Janata alliance as the state's coordinator for the there was also arrested, and his assistants, and the secular and religious around the world the platform of the party to join up with some of the leaders of L. So. The LEDs, of high officials, as a total of 300 people on the phone tapped, and ask to have the Bharatiya Janata leaders have continued to complain, claiming to come in.
According to the relevant investigation, carrying out the action to be taken to be that of the party leaders, to emphasize it.
Also the Congress, senior leaders Mallikarjuna Cork, was also arrested, the former Police Minister, Pt. B. Asking, including many of the end of the trial should be insisted on.
This is the issue of the interpretation given by Sai Baba, who is in his phone, and the stick did not hear the autotron complaint is totally untrue, and what a trial that it's ready to be told.
Inside the politics of this, the phone is outdate the issue of the huge storm in the club out.
This is the position of the uni chip. B. I To investigate the principal's setup recommendation is made.
C. B. I The case record of the investigation is carried on.
Today in Bangalore, the former commissioner of police Balakumar at home today with C. B. I Officials of the action of the test conducted.
The political elites of the phone otuchat the issue is related to the information he is in a safe mode in the store are available for colinfarrell this trial has been going on.
The test can the Safe Mode stuck on something? Isn't it? That will be revealed.
In the United States for the UN General Assembly of India, on behalf of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi today speech also.
And the terrorist to hard against and he blasted.
In India, the Buddha, Vivekananda, the slight recovery for the Punganoor should be lived on the Earth, and that he, in his speech, reminded.
Modi, speaking as follows: in our country, the war is there, in the Buddha's peace message to the world is to be returned.
It's for this reason only that we are always to extremist for and against, giving voice to come.
The world and terrorism is a demon caught in the clutches of than not to warn.
Over 3000 years ago in India, and lived the best poet; slight recovery for the Punganoor in the world, of the Antiquities of the English language, "is the creeping, and all the case that" the song is sung.
This means that, for all of us to the location of the ownership.
For all those of our relatives, that is.
This is the world's most unique.
Terrorism is India, the only challenge is that we haven't seen.
Overall in the world, mandating the Anti-Counterfeiting Act of seeing.
Therefore, the total of the world of terrorism against a mass of need.
125 years ago, is the best spiritual master and monk, Swami Vivekananda in Chicago at the scene of the world religions of the conference of the occasion of this, the news of the world, is presented.
The message of "harmony and peace is required.
And the very idea of the differences there are .
Today, the world's largest democratic country, on behalf of the and I have to say.
'Harmony and peace', not only we, the world, returns to the news."
As Modi, in his speech, should be noted.
The Sri Lankan presidential election, Ranil is the UNP candidate Sajith Premadasa to compete with it.
Sri Lanka President election on November 16 to be held in the states.
Election of Mahinda Rajapaksa ring PA Berman's nomination Gotabaya Rajapaksa, simply to compete with that.
JV, including the parties and the candidates have announced.
The Prime Minister of the United National Party's candidate, who in the confusion remained.
Herself up as a presidential election to compete to much was said.
As well as the President Maithripala Sirisena, and Potter as the opening bid for this the information is released.
Students to compete in, and if the Tamils vote for them, who can they trust.
Students potetial sent to prison, if he is easily able to overcome the official's account.
But these are both done in the go-ahead operated.
At present the United National Party Sajith Premadasa as the candidate for munnerstadt.
Former President Premadasa's son, Sajith and that's it.'
And their supporters to unite their strength, to reveal the president as a candidate for progressing, says Sri Lanka.
Kalutara, Matugama in the territory today held a massive rally Sri Lanka to participate in the speaking of the future, whose terms and conditions abide by the code of the game, I was the president of the candidate quite.
As for self-esteem as it is created for students, presumably in Chad to talk to him.
The English of Dil's father worked under the state took Keaton to the risk experienced by the former minister, the Assembly member, etc. VA. Velu and Sri Lanka.
Thandurai the art of education is to stand in the forest is the father of the peri-laws and Barry are brother holding a birthday party on Thursday, with taptu.
The art of education in the company of the principal of PA.Selvarajah chaired by him.
As a special guest, former minister, etc. VA. Velu students who Lydia to speak as follows:
Cheran, Chola, Pandyan, was, you say that the God of the royal, including several of the king of the dance is stuck in the period of the woman to be satisfied.
But, and amphetamine was the woman's need to study for their livelihood and for the ervants, of the property of the equal rights provided to the TUI as a hard cut-off.
Its performance by Anna.
In the way that meant the leader of the artist's reign on the women of the reservation of the property in an equal and balanced education to qualify, and choked it all came to be.
These are all of the cause is due to the seller's father worked in-laws.
The father worked under the state policy of the EP, when the risk of the customer.
Balanced education, to qualify on the basis of several doctors for creating the situation, we need to choose a name, and we are to be deceived, go with that.
The show's educational institutions were forgiven, Secretary, Senthil Kumar, vice-chairman of the Praveenkumar, executive adviser to the teaching of the maze vinegar were the lead role in.
From the date of the block assembly member is gay. Air. Enemies to one another, in front of our new assembly members, Rajendran, bandungan, dead as a Sundaresan, thandurai survey of the city secretary of the Lord of the IS in Jordan to address the nation.
Polytech Nic College, the chief Lord of the said Thank you.
The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation, Chennai in the Tamil Nadu Hotel, held at the World Tourism Day on the occasion of the students various competitions are conducted.
This hotel is in the SmithKline merger of the 101 dishes, preparing the scene also have.
Small millets for food, in the Madurai block, the food, the variety of the rice, the broth, and the collective making of songs, snacks, and desserts that also have.
To the north of the state, and foreign foods are prepared, etc.
The ordinary the hotel is the first five-star hotel can be found in all kinds of food and potential hotel that is available to him
Infant proturans, and Sean and the foundation is coupled with a day of work, the opportunity to camp in, Chennai pallikaris in Jerusalem in the College, conducted.
Which is 26 more than banks, and the banks non financial companies participated in it.
Over 7000 more young people and students to participate in.
Infant proturans of the company's managing director Vivek to talk to young people in nearly 1,500 more than the people who work there are likely some mixed in with the banking companies had the pride to believe in.
We are in this camp for unemployed young people and students, people who are just organized.
Otherwise, the student the company for any sort of money without getting the free of charge host is being made.
Such a work is the opportunity to camp in different places, the carrying out of downtime for the community to ensure that our goal is, she said.
Rewari, in the vicinity of construction of the district, including a child, in the English archeology of the state government, on behalf of the 5-s stage of Ukraine has been held.
Last June, 13-s, starting on September 30, with the date of consummation of that கூறப்பட்டநிலையில் currently on the 15 day, in addition to the Ukraine to do it.
At this stage, the child to English in a variety of locations, from the public to the archaeology enthusiasts, students, and visiting me to attend.
Get the quotations of the residue of the document in response to the museum will be set up as a minister of the mafia and the Chappie said.
At the beginning of 1 crore rupees at the museum, will be reported together.
In Jammu and Kashmir, the relaxation of restrictions, and the detention in custody in all of the liberation of the Indian states, to rush to the action to be taken to be that of the United States is emphasized.
Of the United Nations, in the 74 th meeting of the United States for South and Central Asian Affairs, Deputy Secretary of Alice Wells to speak as follows:
In Jammu and Kashmir, in the valley of the lot in which the anxiety.
Only the political measures of the government of India should start.
Already committed to give do something soon the election will be conducted will be made.
The Jammu and Kashmir control of the flexible detention has the power to free.
The measures of the government of India to fast to undertake as the of Alice Wells to be emphasized.
Earlier, Jammu and Kashmir, in terms of the president of the United States, Donald Trump, to mediate, to look for a information to be released.
This is the India party during the onset of the anti-informed.
And then in the United States, and their concept of the return has been received.
Consequently, the United Nations General Assembly to participate in the meeting, Prime Minister Modi went to the United States.
The first Houston's in the city, out to Modi event Modi to be able to Donald Trump, and to participate in it.
Then both of them in a variety of events to participate alongside it.
And in India, the father of Prime Minister Modi, as a tribute to Cutter, Trump.
It consists of the Kashmir issue in India, which is currently in the United States, pressure has presented.
In India for all technical education institutions in the charge of 10 times the RAISE will be for said the council to the meeting of the harvested as a resource.
The whole of India, effective strategies for students who are in the Guo, in the industry of noodle companies called the said educational institution plays an important role.
The federal government's human vstemplate field in the yin under the act on May 23 in the said educational institutions to the director of the field containing the said frock, the chill of the meeting the minister of the activities of Boris, led by 28.9.2019 happened that day.
The meeting will take to support the FRP decision of the students, and the general public, to be the shock of being put in holds.
Said the company in the MP. In the tech world.  Of course for a fee of 10-fold raise to the decision of being there.
In India, the all-ansaitse of the semester for a sum of Rs. 20,000 starting at Rs. 50,000 for tuition fees of the remittance provider.
This is the position of those currently in charge is வருட்டதிற்கு 2 lakhs to Rs. up to to raise the the the.
2019-as the year of the first year of the study as the 12 AI-rum-learning 9,280 students in the scholarship and petted those who have. M. In the tech world. Student groups such as the monthly allowance for the payment of a total of 12,400 for the bucks off the end of it was.
Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, Kharagpur, Kanpur, Roorkee, Guwahati of said entity, for the federal government to provide funding to reduce the opening.
Thus, reducing funding to deal with the funding for the abnormal charge in the federal government in charge of the elevator and is....
Moreover, the respective technical institutes [s] the construction of the to get through the amount of their respective organizations olarship to undertake the advise of the members of the bank to borrow in the corporate groups of the population to get to the ministry, suggesting that it is said.
The BJP came to power first, ordinary people with the education to go along with us as much as possible, prevention is the primary school for funding for the 2015-year budget statement to reduce, and subsequently, each of the financial reports of the educational funding for the bad cut kept on.
It is next to the Private Education Centre for more vestisches in response to the Bermudas of the educational institutions should start to continue the pattern approval given to.
This is the position of the new hlevickis archeology to the company for any of the importance of giving education to the enterprise of private enterprises in the financing of the operating system needs to be in order to a variety of rules and regulations tinted.
As by the actions of not only the fundamentals of education the first higher education up to the level of the central government is pushing for India's prosperous future of the Calvinist nation back to several centuries behind them should take you to the work involved.
Ron has written, "clips art" in the book of the claims in the journal The author Kilamba after police held by the fund, to disclose a former IAS officer of fiber in contraband to get the number.
The hidden "author" to be big is that s is. Game. Another had written: "clips art", book, published of the festival, Chennai Russian Cultural Centre on Sunday, will be held.
In this festival, the India-Russia trade association of the secretary-P. Thangappan had presided over.
On the show, claims in the journal The author Kilamba after police fund model, to release the ex-IAS officers be able to synthesis Research Center, the chairman of the RM. Karpura Sundara Pandian flowers.
The show as a special guest to the mix, with fiber contraband to speak of when you said::-
The late cartoonist ran from that side, connecting to the painting as the masterpiece of the company.
Big cartoon research and Educational Trust, through a large number of students in the creation and delivery has been.
In general, the world celebrated as one of the pre-existence, even if the family to celebrate, not bother.
On the contrary, the Quran to be big, and late, after he had written the book, The Family bring out the've been honored to be retained at all costs.
Ran is the late menopause, and his works, this book is by the nedungadu live in the world would have said that.
Kilamba after police held by the fund to talk to the GPS. Game. Treatment, India is the leading the fun to be over as he has.
In his world, especially to travel with, fun to be coaching them up and came.
He is fun to be in the creation of an innovative artist who was.
Ron is in the art of not only, but also cartoonists, anime in the field of professional it was.
Over the past 30 years, in the Indian context, in line with the fun of the movie The Art of the study is embarked on.
He is the created by the students, and through his writing, and connecting with long-lost will dwell with that said.
Ran the cartoon research and Educational Trust of the coordinator of the RM. Boopathy said Thank you.
Nallathambi, television, the admin-C. Pereira, including many others attended the ceremony.
Over the past 8 years and the period he ruled was built on the post of the country as the Chief Minister of the Me Chennai meant the question was raised.
This is related to the party's treasurer drimarene the statement made by the public sector on any of the details, and without knowing the CM Ultra has criticized.
DMK treasurer of drimarene in its report said, the cost of the opening to be in the water, it is. The. The MU. The scourge of the government's apathy, lack - administration of the talent less and in vain at the sea of empties.
The cost pass through on the way to prevent that is to be stored or. The. The MU. No. Government has a concrete plan to will not, as to us, you are the leader of the MU. No. Stalin is in the English act of the assembly of the opposition to the president is responsible to the relevant planning considerations should be their own concern posted.
Principal's response and a reply to say the same thing to count, he is speaking to me Chennai, Jan, "for you are complaining about will be the. The MU. No. Woman, and their rule, at the cost of a dtpad ction?"That the question raised by the facts.
"To him I said to be looking for the. The MU. The scourge of the regime at the cost of the CSI Christ Church is a place in the annals of governance in our post-Phase have.
The details even in the not knowing, the general work of the department, and his responsibilities on the chief and me Chennai, Jan the facts of the appeal is to talk to you?
Mayors of the phase of the of the post, by the area of the Earth's Water Resources was increasing.
So agriculture is to thrive in it.
And so today, making the effective that is in six thousand the farmers of the Madras Crocodile Bank Trust for the thousands of people who, in the annals of the government, to every day thanks to the macrotech can be found.
The building needs according to the mayors of the Corporation of the government of the post is being built.
At the time, and also the post for the construction of the demand is reached.
The requirements to be eligible, the then Chief Minister of the artists they are, and with the permission of the provider, funding has been set aside, the task for the Spurs than the
Therefore, the cost of the welfare of the penis in the annals of government are complaining about adapating else of worthy of being there.
I have to ask, I shall. The. The MU. The scourge of the regime will be held in the last eight years the cost of how many post Are you in Cottesloe?
And the question is; meant to Atcham, in the English 40-over of the dam we build we have.
The status quo is the ongoing of a process. The. The MU. The scourge of the rule of the is built off a a-aninat you pointed out, can you?
Lie, and do not speak.
The opposition leader, they said the charge, Philatron - in what places we can post you're building or construction of the plan, as long as the evidence with the report.
It's called the the the. The MU. The scourge of the governance of the corporation on the post of the movie and did not think that the facts of the appeal and speak to the individual adapating to the deer of the Beautiful, may be she will play the role of the Chief Minister's post, it is fashionable items not to call and that the point of the photo make me" trimerge said.
October 1-in the present day, from the repo on the basis of the interest of determined by the State Bank of India has decided to.
The country's economic growth, considering that the Reserve Bank is 4, followed by installments of in the short-term loan interest rate (the repo) is far from 1.1 percent to minimize the features.
But the bank, which is half the size of the reward even though the customers did not provide that the charge exists on the surface.
Currently the bank is the easier method in the interest-charging procedures.
October 1-closes on the first of the government in the short-term loan issued to the Treasury bill and repo interest rates etc based on information such as the interest rate is determined for the implementation of the Reserve Bank in order to.
Accordingly, the October 1 and closes on the first of easier ratio is a measure to bring home, auto loan, and marginal in small-and medium-sized businesses loans to government to make the decision to have a State Bank of India (SBI) has announced.
Of the Sri Lanka Administrative Service Association of the company for his union activities, to temporarily suspend the mandated.
The Cabinet sub for the remainder of the day on the day named will be discussed in the presidential election of the post of the source to vote for the application to assume responsibility for the work of the impartial and the decision is made president of the Association of WE of Chandrakirti has said.
The terms of the registration of persons Department of Immigration and Emigration, Department of motor transport, the commissioner of the department, including the management of the service, the work of the routine, such as the feature that they hope to publish again.
The cabinet subcommittee for the remainder of the day will feature talks and for the foreseeable future on Tuesday, will be held in the Cabinet of ministers at the meeting of their salary anomalies related to the positive results in the idiom that the state executive of the Service Association is looking forward to the Prada Chandrakirti, he added.
The Pakistani team, known in the cricket match today.
The Sri Lankan and the Pakistani cricket team is among the one-day tournament, the first match in Karachi today is the beginning of the general.
This is the match of the Sri Lanka time pm to 3: 30 o'clock at the beginning of the kick off.
These two giants of the competition either in Pakistan 10 years later, currently held in the form of.
Pakistan Sri Lanka conditions of Service have been issued related to the safety of the section is satisfied by the Sri Lankan team's manager, and time holds on to it.
The government, a chief of security or equivalent on the popups of the Sri Lanka cricket team members wrongbefore he said.
The Sri Lanka team and Pakistan team in between the one-day international match of the three, T-20 competition for the part of will be held.
The one-day tournament, the referee for the Michaels and the oven were in the International Cricket Council by the appointed.
Malaysia came out on the plane the technical difficulty was just short of the runway it has been detected.
He the air to stop herself, the 174 passengers survived.
In the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur from the mind the air of a day-night 10.35 O'clock in Trichy is coming up.
And then in Chennai from colambre night of 11.25 O'clock in the out of the to go on.
As usual, the day before yesterday night in the airport of Chennai came into being.
After the passengers of that flight to Chennai from Kuala Lumpur, to go to sail.
The flight of 174 passengers were.
Just short of the runway to go from the airport to the Eliminate the technical failure, the existence of the pilot found.
He the plane to the runway you can get.
After the flight, the airport at the departure place may be brought to the has been stopped.
The technical failure to correct the work of engineers engaged in the.
Thus for two hours the passengers on the plane were sitting.
But the technical problem is to be fixed not by having the traveler all of the air in the die were arrested.
He's Private Hotel, 138 of the passengers were housed.
The other passengers in their flight on the changed setting, got the plane tickets for all of the cancellation of their home, people back away.
This is the incident to a technical difficulty with the out going had the plane accident in the world.
But the leader of the technical problem at the right time to find a close up of the plane did not set.
Thus the 174 passengers are alive have survived it.'
It consists of the plane that caused the technical problem has been fixed.
He's 138 of the passengers that the flight for Kuala Lumpur, the vision of yesterday at 5 pm, the out of the way.
In India, 'at's a type of mosquito borne dengue fever across the country, so far 5 in a thousand of the more than affected are India, the health department said.
Tamil Nadu and Pondicherry in the far more than a thousand people of dengue fever in the affected by it.
The English and the pudhusu the slums of dengue fever is rapidly spreading it.
In Chennai, a 12-year-old, the appointment of the student yesterday, on the heels of the deaths that the media is one as well.
Archives of the government of the hospital, in the 135 people the permission is being treated, has been silent.
Over the last few days of the movie in a variety of places, the rain brings.
He the English the whole of the Municipal Administration and the health department, on behalf of the special groups are formed dengue fever in the process of being monitored.
Dengue fever is on the victim to the government hospital for the treatment to get to the country of the health is advised.
PAN number with proof of the connection for the given design. Up to 31 of extension.
Permanent income tax account number (PAN number) and the source of the oil for time to December 31 the date has been extended.
Pan is the source of attachment for the rope to the middle of the direct line of the board, (CBD) extension, which is the seventh in the process.
Is already for this time in March last year the 31-year-to-date in September, the 30-year-to-date, for up to 6 months for the federal government to netidentity.
This is the time to present more than 3 months can be extended.
For Indian citizens, each unique identification authority of India (by Uday), the source number is a 12 digit identification number, issued in the country.
Income tax payments for individuals, the institution of permanent income tax account number (PAN number) with 10 digits in the count of the characters with the identification number on income tax department to provide it.
Of income tax number source of number of the connection to the Central Direct Tax Board, in the past, in 2017-the year of June 1-in which the notification is published.
And then you have the evidence in-the-pan attachment for the rope multiple times may also be extended.
Meantime, the citizens of the proof of the card flat against the department launched the investigation of the case known in the Supreme Court, and the evidence project of the law that in September last year, the FT.
Also, the income tax paid to the source of the number is forced to be the Supreme Court has ruled.
Meantime, the income tax account is filed with the ban number, rather than the source number of the specified is sufficient for the federal public budget in July last year of a 5-year-to-date it was announced.
Claim to the shores of the English culture for the express to get Ukraine locations of the survey the leader of the MU. No. The DUI of today chatting on the Go is the cut-off.
The Association of the term in the literature for say, the life is in the blood, and the flesh want and lived alot of his life; it's survival is not whether to get Ukraine the results are not to be disclosed.
To the north of the Ganges river in the city of fashion of the Km-6-s century has started.
But in the south of the Vaigai river, in the Km 6, the with century, in the turning of the ultimate city life is lived; the Tamils have Elettrica knowledge, the best one is the great object of the lives lived in that that to get Ukraine the evidence has not been scientifically proven.
In the Indian sub-continent, to rewrite the history of the status of the child Ukraine decided to create this video.
Each and every Tamilian pride can be beneficial to get Ukraine to the site to the public by many which visited go to.
More recently, in the we Tamils party the chief coordinator Seeman get Ukraine to go to the cut-off.
They continue today, allowing the leader of the MU. No. DUI get to go to the Ukraine to places of visits.
He was with the CPM-M. B. Load. Attached to government Stanley Hospital and a survey of leading executives in dozens of in which to go after.
In this regard, the "over 2600 years and is sought by the Tamil civilization to the world, to feel the smoked get the land, view at the top" is the title of the section: parasitoids of Stalin on their Twitter page of the diverticules of.
The president of Ukraine the building of the investigation requested by the Trump!
The Democratic Party, on behalf of the president as a candidate for the likelihood of an ex-vice president Joe Biden, against the investigation of the dealings of Ukraine, the country, the president told Donald Trump to the phone by asking for the release of the information in it is true, as the White House has confirmed.
As bernatek pressure on the US president regarding the probe, said the wrong thing to do to the Democratic Party, on behalf of the House of representatives of the Trump against the tactic of the resolution has been proposed.
In the House of Representatives, the speaker of the Nancy ordered 6 of the committee of the level that the president's action is related to the investigation has just started.
This is the position of the president of Ukraine Volodymyr zelenskaya this past June on the 25th, the day the Trump on the phone to communicate with the iPad has, therefore, to investigate it," that Trump, and claimed.
Both the country and the president, and talk about what they reported to the White House yesterday and will be officially released.
So this conversation happened and the fact that it was agreed upon to have been.
While the United Nations Security Council meeting on the outside of the reporters who spoke to Donald Trump, this is the request of the friendly fire was put forward.
The president of Ukraine there is no kind of pressure, given that the report said.
But as to one thing, the Ukraine issued about 400 million of dollars worth of financial assistance to the U.S. government abruptly suspended.
After some period of time after the funds for it.
This is to be principal of the Trump speaking to this concept and be able to put the tying the knot are Democrats.
Therefore, in this incident, the US politics of the storm, the club has begun to emerge.
Joe Biden son Hunter 2014, and in April, Ukraine is the country of the prism, the holding of the payment to the board member was appointed.
In this company, both in Russia linked to the Ukraine, on the peninsula, than in Crimea for natural gas extraction activities, was engaged in it.'
Prism Holdings and the company against the abuse of the complaint investigation, known as investigating officer, was dismissed.
To which Joe Biden hand there is the Republican Party accusing it of being.
But with his father's industry for the use of the as of charge to the following Hunter into the matter.
The school Minister of the Carmel Church to the presence of the press, the government officials anticpated issue of the huge uproar caused by.
In Bharuch district of Kobe, near the தூக்கநாயக்கன்பாளையத்தில் Minister of the Carmel Church to the drinking water project is starting up.
Then he would have the picture of the addeded when the Tamil Nadu drinking water drainage board, with the help of services Sunday Muthulingam them to cause disruption in, stood beheld.
Thus the "Sir, sir, a little bit of a push up, stand up", as the press of the voice, raised.
And The "someone to push you, are you, what's the big deal saying," as when speaking kept to himself and push him to the press for anticpatory.
Metodius he was a recognized Minister of the Carmel Church to him, evacuate immediately carried out the order himself.
He the CEO of the methodlength of the ceremony, from left, and immediately leave me as The drove away in.
However, to help services, written Muthulingam on the sector-wide measure of the core 15, more than the press of the salaries of the involved in.
About this informed the minister of the Red Fort to the English, in Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu drinking water drainage board, the CEO, with wine, arondite government functions for what you get the courage to as of late and the ride to buy the vessel.
Also, the methodlength of the suspension, please ask him to.
The 5-s stage of aceleraciyn the worldwide get the popularity level that, in terms of the historical vestiges have been found and that the minister of the Chappie said.
Login Register, date, and chromates Variety, the minister of Xi. It were in the presence of the Tamil language and the Tamil culture of the department, the minister of the scourge. Chappie is visiting with reporters, said while:
Get the 5-s stage of aceleraciyn in Tamil Nadu existed in the Senegal study of the history of a breakthrough in the vanguard of the segments.
Get on the ad. The MU. The 6th-century AD to the first ad.B. 1-in the century up to the group of the part with which it.
Currently available in the received proof of claim of Bank of the nkrumahs Ivanovs point.
Get on the mining on a scientific calcaneus of the Tamil-Brahmi is the term for more than 100 years old, as has made the decision. Ad. The MU. The 6th-century early English literacy to get the community of this study is to know the.
For more on this research by so 70 of the celebutante of the models, the scientific basis of the analysis done for the master's and the research firm, Deccan College, to have been sent.
This is the erumpents analysis of the demicap to classify since the times, the Buffalo, the GOAT, the wild boar, the reindeer, peacocks are the creatures of the erumpents can be identified by the prevalence of.
Cow, buffalo, goat, etc animals for agriculture for the growing of the reindeer, wood apple can even record the wild boar-like animals in some of the ligament of the models of Vettes are found towings food for livelihood of these are used in the analysis of tone has been.
IPPAI the end of the by the Senegal community in farming practices, primarily with the livestock of the natural world.
The bricks of the Sunnis depend on the roof tiles and the stomatal kurikinton coated with a combination of the models in Coimbatore technology for the University of analysis of the to have been.
These are each of silicon, calcium, iron, aluminum and magnesium, such as mineral-in this review, in view of the available in the market.
Such a security to protect the child part of the to the highest concentration of English scholars, students of, the general public were to see it, to the benefit of the main location of the museum is Rs.20 crores for appraisal of the setting up of the task are underway.
And in the 5-s stage of agarwanshi work for two weeks and the extension of that work to take place.
As well as the adjutant to the four slots in the 6-s-Phase agarwanshi the work of the central government to the state government to link the work of, AS English is the official language and the English culture of the department, the minister of the scourge.Chappie said.
The show Manamadurai Assembly, member of the SS. Nagaraj, a former parliament member, Senthilnathan, Department of Archaeology assistant director of the jivananda, the guardian of the asitp, turning to the director of the king and of the government officials, including many others attended the ceremony.
The AP states on behalf of the club and of the World Elderly Day, the ASEAN low-level the the elderly in residential institutions, on behalf of the elderly man in the Costume Parade, Games, a song of celebration as a feast to be held.
The 92 year-old grandmother's debate for the song dance of the Audi car also.
Ideal for the elderly couple to the selected Ramanan couple of gifts for the cast of ambhika name of El. Rs. AG, Poornima Kumar, were such things.
Virgo Halloween event for Purnima Kumar, concerts had been organized.
The entrepreneur is all Kuppusamy children in the cast, ambhika name of El. Rs. AG were participated in this competition, the success of the elderly to the appreciation of the gift of such things.
15 of the pot in the fashion show, participated in the meeting.
Riparia topped.
Sure, Radhika 2nd, 3rd place for many years.
Cute grandpa with fashion wear clothes and marched to the.
Grants to the top spot, and tying the 2nd place for many years.
To the best of Auden's grandmother's for Susan, Gal, Vanja mam hit the road.
Mr, and Mrs. Chennai contest Ramanan, couple of tops, and November-Palamas to the couple in 2nd place for many years.
For the elderly in their family to attend with him to encourage it.
92-year-old Lalit debate for the song of the Audi car also.
Women's day, Valentine's day is just like the old man of the day for the feast to celebrate that must be the Virgo Halloween event for Purnima Kumar said.
The International Labor Organization of the meeting of the labor commissioner in the mathemaics of participation.
The International Labour Organization of the United Nations Security Council, in the built into a tripartite forum for it.
The nations of the world with all the labour laws, of the United Nations, the International Labour Organization's conventions and recommendations and on through the interpeter.
Such is the legacy and the recommendations of the review, Switzerland in the country in Geneva, in the city of the International Labor Organization's premises on the 27th with up takes place.
This is the meeting of all of the conventions and recommendations of the consult, and discussed by the governing body of the committee's recommendation to pass on.
The government of India, as the representative of the central labour and Employment Ministry Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner of the mathemaics of this meeting, to punish the war heroes.
Of the 187 countries belonging to the International Union, to work with suppliers and governments in this tripartite meeting to attend, this video.
This kind of works as a deputy chief labour commissioner of India, the country's representative to the being it was the first time that the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner issued a press note said.
In this state, Kanyakumari district Nagercoil, held on in the program participated in the conduct of the actor Vijay's father, director s. So. James today to Chennai by air Chennai arrived at the scene.
Then, flick to talk about, it is. The. The MU. The comma's as opposed to being made to ask for.
But to respond to his spoken, he said, "on the road, the bike was gone while the banner fell in the crash of the space blanket.
This incident is about all to talk about something to do the same.
Thus, all speak to the changing of a thing, about the only flick to be able to talk to him.
The court itself subservient subject matter is related to the parts still being arrested yet?"That question consisted of.
This is the position in the office speaking to the idea not only of the minister and the electrode. The. The MU. Kam's why the opposition are on my does not seem to Antonina, the "star metaphases for politics, as for the sign, is it?"
As to whether "such a thing, to me, is unclear.
Man, let's hurry to free go for it" if to say leave him.
The Deputy Chief Minister, Oh. Panneerselvam today in Chennai, Raja Annamalaipuram, Allison temple in the garden, in the basin of Tamil Nadu Clearance Board quarters preceding that of the general population, the decrease of the learning observed.
1979-80 academic year phase of the 488 houses very much damaged.
Sittin on the old dwelling & construct new dwelling with கட்டித்தருமாறு it to the request as quickly as possible, the task of the launch was the new residential construction as that of the deputy of the chief residents, to vouch for him.
No. 67.89 crore for the project appraisal, the 200-square-foot area, with the old dwelling & construct is about 400 square feet in area, one bed room, one drawing room, one kitchen, one bathroom and one bathroom in the new apartment, and everyone in the House under the soon to be built, that is, whether the deputy chief minister said.
This is the proposal for the contract, point to the end of a level as the existing dwelling was demolished for the new residential building will be the task of the rush will be implemented will be informed.
Until then, this region is clean and sanitary and the maintenance involved in Cottage, part of the the Alternative Board of officers and to the Corporation of Chennai officer to Deputy Chief Minister has ordered.
Homeless shelters for the poor people as far as 6 millions to build houses for it is given below that will everyone is in 2023-more than a home for the building to be given that oh. Panneerselvam said.
World, Pt. L. Etc. Is said to have gone to him.
Indira Sivasailam Foundation, on behalf of the young artists of Karnataka and isipod.
Madras Music Academy annual Indira Sivasailam Foundation's concert of connotea, a 7-field of the year "Anwesha the quest for the best" and that esipode Indira Sivasailam Foundation hosted.
In 2018 the introduction of the "Anasha an maestro" competition for emerging music artists "of the music academy's advanced School of Karnad" thailiand are known to the referee and to the Indira Sivasailam Foundation Medal for composition in the presence of Carnatic music in their ability to expose the purchase of a site for it.
Anasha Politan to participate in the contest, those who in Carnatic music and their talent, the performance of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation Facebook page for a video format and upload to the appropriate katedacosta.
This is the year of the tournament in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, India, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala, and Yu. S. A., Mattick from some of the participants, including approximately 100 competitors, their ability to upload and participated in the event.
The moderator of the group in the Asian Hrithik States of the Kingdom, and to the doctor. Rs. S. Galatsi, the message of the Academy advanced School of Carnatic myucc belonging to the author the members of the group, and this year, the Indira Sivasailam Foundation Medal, get to the doctor. The ball of rope lights were includes.
This year, with 10 to 15 years old up to the artist, for the formula and the water (flute and violin) of the categories, except for the 16-20 year-old division, belonging to the artists for the competition is to be introduced.
Show the 3 segments in the survey said Mikoshiba, in terms of their ability to vent.
Anasha in 2019, the tournament winner Face announced the first details as follows::
Swathika, Druze, SS. Thank those of the water division of the Manasha ambatipudi, Afroman small update were to win this.
16-year-old to 20 years old, is the artist for you to water the section of the arch. D. Xi'an to Toby's to win the Beyond The Call Of Duty.
Anasha arbitration committee members, Dr. Ball, rope lights, Asian Hrithik States, the kingdom of the world, the doctor's arch. S. Galatsi and the Indira Sivasailam Foundation of the belonging to the successor of Christ the king to those of successful ones in the award of the stopper.
This tour came to see who was the audience and the participants, and the growing calinesti inside the music and the art forms the position of security comes to the Indira Sivasailam Foundation's initiative, hailed by.
Child of the marriage who fought against the Indian girl, to the place of the Foundation Award.
Child marriage and child labor, the methods of the fight against driving, Rajasthan belonging to the 17-year-old girl, to the place of the foundation, on behalf of the "changemakers' (from behind five contains signer) for the award that has been.
Rajasthan, Jaipur, 100 km.The M is far away in his village, belonging to the girl is the magnitude of the Janet (17).
He was in his village, forced child marriage, once the child labor system of the combination against a serious campaign.
He was from the village, half a gill, some of the villages in this campaign he has embarked on.
And so that's part of the baby ahead of the wedding are being blocked.
Magnitude of resistance to this process in recent years, in order to him, the bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, on behalf of the award is announced.
In the United States in New York City, this is the awards ceremony on Tuesday night, the style was well-received.
The Deputy Secretary-General Amina J. Muhammad is told to be the "Changemakers' Award for the magnitude of the Janet basis of.
The award-winning and the magnitude of the saying, "in our village, many of the problems with it.
Especially for the girl child to weed out and sent to study, not a murderer.
He was of small age to be married is to keep up with the rhythm.
As in childhood, on the return of lavender to put in the family decision-making community.
Finally, the social R from the one who approached my dad to make peace with him.
Less than the child of the marriage for and against, the children of the school and sent to the core, and many of the rallies, the fight for Duncan, the host of the body.
Each and every home to go unwritten for according to the awareness of establishing not.
Each and every child in her life, and raise the possibility of the parents for establishing quality standards must be said that traces of the much.
Jordan is the country on the back of the 2-month period of the amnesty period has been announced.
The month of September to the 22nd of October is the beginning of the amnesty period for the upcoming month of November to the 29th of October until the end of the procedure will be that of the Jordan consulate office is to announce an extension of the Foreign Employment Bureau said.
The entrepreneur visa after the and go in for a specified period beyond the visa, without the stay of foreign personnel, in this amnesty period, and no penalty paying the country back to the bodies.
However, the tourist visa is in there, go to the visa numatics, which ended after the illegal stay of foreigners fines paid for and then leave that you can Jordan, the embassy said.
In Jordan, last November, it for against the law there to rely on foreigners to leave to get exposed to the public, menippean announced the lack of it.'
Tamil Nadu to gain a foothold caste on politics Agiletech the BJP?
In Tamil Nadu and how, somehow, where the hammer, the Lotus, the Blossom is bound to make an event of your not being the last in the nation in a political branding in the hand takes to travel said.
The first visit of Modi to the Prime Minister of the time, the English, in the lotus with the left hand to draw up, to see the situation there.
This is after the 2nd time, i.e., the completion MP of the election, "what's the worst don't know. 'In the Lotus-the bloom tradition will catch up with that" Amy sternly said.
But to compete with the 5 volumes of the soil Chuck was able to.
The country after the BJP a mess, with even the English in resistance to the tide-swept part of the order.
It is, above all, more than Mutlaq, drawn out affair, in Hindi, stuffing, as a nation, as a world.
Looks like all of the more sunk in it.
That is why it is the English branding of the executives on the BJP's leadership of the CM of HDPE was based on the premise that the cause is still the state of the limit designated able to afford the size of the problem caused by said.
This is a page-however, in the coming assembly elections, and within anyway, and that ' in Baja are around to that the BJP's plan to put the game out of it.
It is in the live arena report, the intelligence report, which is developing by nearly to an end, the BJP leadership came in seems to have.
Accordingly, the more foreign, every foreign news agency, the 2 Dravidian parties Nadar in the population, one for water in the people for next Leviathan well of the people for enough of the importance of the tutor that is the intention of the respective community among the people and exists as is.
Thus the government party, on the sad and is further being said.
This is the idea raised that hand to take up the implementation of the starting point.
In the respective society, by raising him to be, or the importance of Alicedale is a post to give a scale to decide the.
Russia, Iran, the governor of the Indian Soundararajan appointment, and in such cases, one of the.
The same time, Ling in the high post, in the Nadar and the BJP government in the importance of the output by said.
Like each of the people and Courbet in terms of branding to act, and if, in their respective in the people the pride, the joy of that is true.
Moreover, no case of Asia, one of this caste politics of the BJP, rising to McEvilly to do so.
At the same time, already in the caste politics in Tamil Nadu cannabis has been my, the BJP's in this process, and that burns in a fire, the more the number of slices of the second, as is the is not known.
So, perhaps the caste of the fire began to burn the start if the Mavericks are now a little bit as the malandros in the Lotus, The Motet of the same evil, in a healthy pounds is that it is true!
Construction in the vicinity if the award by the wage of the worker of the massacre.
Construction of valour in the near Munro in conflict with the coconut water then with a knife cut the wages of the worker the moisture had been murdered.
Guilty of the like to aid the analyst in the knife attack because of the tension caused by the outbreak.
Construction of the vicinity of valour left side of the window generates the Colony area belonging to the beggar, and of the son, Nicaragua (28).
The wage of the worker.
In the same section as belonging to the casinos the son of mercury (33).
They are in the region, in a drunken state, often of the dispute and the conflict, the sides involved have come.
They are on the valour of the guard at the station in case there are.
At this stage, the coconut water business, to do with as iron, and at night, wine, arondite, put a knife away from time to time when the general population of the threat of coming in as quickly as possible withtranslators.
In this respect, in the Saturday evening wine, arondite, came to him, generates the colonial part of the coconut cutting knife, picked up on the road to go get drunk and happy the threat has come.
At the time, Munro, due to the Nicaragua house, they live close by and go to the iron, the House of him, and the dispute is done.
Which is caused by the collision of the coconut water then with a knife, Nicaragua is suddenly cut.
Which, in the blood flood at the bottom of the falls Nicaragua on the spot and died.
Thereafter, the knife-wielding in the general population averted, Anthony on the road to wander in and go.
Information on learning the value of help to the police analyst's quote, and the police hurried to catch up with him and tried to.
Then, with a knife in the attack, since the aid of the analyst quote in the hand-cut, fell and was injured.
Immediately, he was in the private hospital to take the treatment received.
Thereafter, the police, IPC wrap-up to catch the police station to go with it.
Report the incident to the information of known construction including a state visit. Michael Jackson's valour to the police analyst, Nandgaon, and the police rushed to the murder scene, visited the investigation to be staged.
Pondicherry state, county, and கெங்கராம்பாளையத்தில் the murder scene of the incident for fear it, the police, the security has been sealed.
This is regarding the complaint of one of the valour of the police of the murder case of a record, Anthony is arrested with the onset of the investigation have been conducting.
Creation of next-Mataka, new prince Shri Bhavani Arts and Science College, Chennai city traffic police (Madipakkam traffic police range) on behalf of the road safety camp and Awareness Rally is to the surface of the ... 
New prince Shri Bhavani College of Arts and Sciences, the director of the DF. Peter everyone is welcomed.
Masters of the principals of flight. Karunanidhi, the Chief Minister of the temperature. Uma Devi, vice-principal or. Mateus Pascal are among the lead role in.
The new prince, the educational authority of the vice-president of the rat. Naveen Prasad presided over the pass the road safety awareness camp in the tucked him.
Madipakkam traffic police inspector Sivasankara special guest, or to participate in the awareness rally in the codeset tucked in, the road safety regulations in regards to the guide, giyotin students to provide further Sirpurkar sought.
He said, speaking of the road, with the provisions of the need for students to be technically started, because these guys believe in equal parents, and this nation is in.
Of road accidents is more impaired young man who, as it is blocked in school and college, such as awareness programs must be carried out to be.
The traffic rules and regulations penalties imposed by the same time, kadifekale, and your inner shielding together with each of the following to be observed.
Students who bike to go to the mandatory as a helmet to wear while driving a cell phone may not be used.
Road to the norms of the system based on the learned sages, then gave the vehicle to to to to.
For motorists the traffic police insufficient to cooperate with the needs.
The students of the road to follow the rules of use for each of the college management to continue to monitor if the students invaluable real life to be able to save.
In the country, the future of the youth is in the hands of such a young man to protect the traffic police shouted, to the public, will be performed on the task.
Items in the inspector Ravikumar, head guards, canteen, Srinivasan, Thyagarajan among those participated in the meeting.
The professor can be lives lost in bus crashes is 42 years has been completed.
The National Drug Policy, to the front of the the professor can be lives lost in bus crashes for 42 years, has been completed and in use.
He is the highest on the island of mystery in the manner of the murder to.
The physician in the medical sector of the nation's first professor, he is used to.
Peradeniya University Medical Faculty in the first, pedophilia is professor can be served.
The country's multi-ethnic national institutions for the promotion of the sale of the drug is related to the subject to express who he is, and this seller is by a variety of pressures for the subject of.
The name of the variety in the country, of the imported drug, by the government, has caused the loss of billions of rupees on.
Thus, the National மருந்துக்கொள்கையின் the need for his government to go on.
The patient the requirements of the 335 medicine for a fair price, and quality as a basis the bill he is served.
He is in this process, due to the diversity of the companies but to the he is the subject of.
He is death, the mystery of the so far Published have not.
The United Nations Security Council in the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, today delivered a speech during the Jammu and Kashmir issue, which is related to a word is pronounced does not.
Of the United Nations, in the 74 th session of the present is taking place.
Which in today's day in India, on behalf of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech.
During his speech, the nations of the world to the extremist for against to be put together that is called for.
The English of the poet; slight recovery for the Punganoor the song, and what is in the Oor and all the care that is in line and then been recalled.
Global warming, on the issue of India, the settlement of the great contribution given to the global warming of India's contribution is less likely to be in the solution is greater than that of the Modi's name, the report said.
The use of plastics, the absence of countries to carry out a serious effort of the government of India has been taken.
In India, the giant health insurance program, has implemented what he said.
What are the Oor and all the case. . I We do not care. The church in the world, a fantastic concept to English speakers, speaking on Modi
But in his speech, which is a space for the critical issue of anything you mentioned.
This is due in Jammu and Kashmir was India's internal affairs in the central government, to ensure the desired results are.
This is the international issue that should be of Pakistan to the level of the plan,, Jammu and Kashmir, which is related to a word, and Modi did not talk of that political observers say.
By this the world of it in India's internal affairs is closer to that of the message has been given.
Kerala in the literacy test of the 2,993 tribes of the trained expert.
Of which, the 85-year-old grandmother and be able to pass beyond the Call Of Duty.
The last of the 2011-year the resident population of the census of Kerala at 93.91 percent literacy of the parable.
This is a 100 percent increase with the Kerala state government is trying to weed out the research that is coming.
For example, the state of the Literacy Commission was set up.
In each district, and the people are open to receive for the class, and the choice of a job or the commission is carrying out it.
Importantly, tribes, fishermen, migrant workers, were open to the commission of a serious effort to overcome this has been.
In such a situation, and in the district of the tribes of the greater of the lives of the people in the area for the last for the month of February, the first literacy classes are conducted at the recent examination was carried out.
An entrance exam of 100 marks and for the reading skills for 30 marks and written skills for the benefit of the 40 in the score and the mathematics knowledge for 30 marks are reserved.
This pass to get 30 marks to get to the imperative.
This, in and of the district belong to the same 3,090 tribes to participate in it.
He was of the 2,993 people to pass a test reported by the Literacy Commission.
He is in the 85-year-old grandmother and one father.
Of the 27 government and government aided schools, students studying in the second season of migration to the textbook, the exercise book of the Kings. The 3-year-to-date to provide the school of education and the director of the IRS. Kannappan has ordered.
In this regard all the District Primary Education Officer, District Education Officer, on Wednesday, dispatched a circular:
The government and government aided schools for the construction of the circulation of the books dianben through all the districts of the system have been provided.
The same as in the second season of the post of the textbook in Tamil Nadu Textbook Corporation to pass through to the intestine.
All of the District primary education officers in their district with all the government and government-aided schools to the public. The 30-year-to-date within the scope of the textbook and the exercise books have to offer.
Also, in the quarter after the holidays the students of the school for the first day of the second of the season for the enhancement of the textbook, the exercise book of the vangidae all of the Lamiaceae, as suggested to me in the moment.
