Today is the International Day of Information.
The Ministry of Mass Media has announced the Information Month for this.
The month will start from 15th of this month and will be held till the 15th of next month.
Several programmes will be implemented during this period to encourage the right to information to be active.
The Information Act in Sri Lanka will be passed in Parliament in 2016.
This is a step to further strengthening democracy.
Now the law is ranked as the fourth law in the world.
The use of plastic products has been banned at the BJP headquarters in Delhi.
There is a ban on once-used plastic products like water bottle.
India is now preparing for the next election.
Elections in Maharashtra and Haryana are due on 21st of next month.
The results of the elections will be declared on 24th of the same month.
The parties are now getting ready very seriously for this.
The election committee meeting was held in Delhi on behalf of the BJP.
Pm Modi, BJP national president Amit Shah and BJP national executive president J P Nadda were also involved in the consultation.
Pm Modi had earlier been in consultation with the BJP's election committee in March.
He then spoke in his Independence Day speech to avoid plastic stuff.
He demanded that plastic items should be avoided only once.
At present, the BJP headquarters has banned the use of plastic products in bulk.
The water bottles are all dropped in bulk.
Water bottles were not used in the BJP meeting today.
Instead, people who come there are given water in glass jars.
The move was reportedly taken following the demand of Prime Minister Modi.
It is worth noting that many netizens have been appreciating the move.
Gulai Ismail hails from Pakistan.
He is a social activist and has been a voice against childmarriage, violence against women, arrogance and oppression since childhood.
He posted on social media a photo of the pakistan army's sexual harassment of pashtun women and girls, tribal siblings in some areas including Khyber Pakhtunwa and Balochistan province.
The police are keen on the arrest of Gulai, who has been booked for "sedition".
But Gulai Ismail has fled Pakistan with the help of friends and relatives and has taken refuge in the US.
The UNITED STATES has been in new york. Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan addressed the House the day before yesterday.
"There are no militant organisations in Pakistan. So, we should all unite against terrorism."
Police are investigating the case of a young man who was electrocuted by a charger using his cell phone.
Ramakrishnan hails from Odapalli near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district.
His son Devendran (age 27).
He worked as a tower manager for a well-known private cell phone company.
Devendran was watching the cell phone charger at his house yesterday afternoon.
Suddenly there was a leak and an electric current came to Devendran.
He was injured and tragically died.
Pallipalayam police reached the spot and interrogated the accused.
Devendran's body was later sent to The Government Hospital, Pallipalayam for postmortem.
A complaint was lodged with the Pallipalayam police station.
The police have registered a case and are investigating.
The incident has created a stir in the area.
The Supreme Court has categorically ruled that it cannot give a single day time to present arguments in the Ayodhya case after October 18.
The Supreme Court is hearing the appeals filed against the Allahabad High Court's judgement in the Ayodhya case.
The supreme court is hearing on a daily basis since 6th of last month.
The court has directed the court to close the arguments by October 18.
A bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi is hearing the case.
An additional hour of hearing has been going on since last Monday.
During the arguments yesterday, the Islamic organisations objected to the 2003 report by the Archaeological Department.
Commenting on the matter, the judges said, "If there was objection to the archaeological report, you could have raised it in the Allahabad High Court.
There you will get relief according to the law.
We will not allow it to be raised here," they said.
The Ayodhya case was re-heard today.
The Islamic organisations said that they objected to the archaeological report and apologised for wasting court time.
The lawyer on the side of Islamic organisations has not lost the right to question the archaeological department report.
But the judges said that the evidence could not be assessed after being accepted by the court.
The bench reiterated that the arguments should be closed by October 18 in the Ayodhya case and the Hindu and Muslim sides should specify the time frame for the completion of their arguments.
The judges said that it would not be possible to give a single day to the arguments after October 18 and it would be better if the verdict was delivered in four weeks.
They said that since october holidays were due, only one lawyer would be allowed to present counterarguments on the part of Hindu organisations.
Uttarakhand BJP Chief Minister Trivendra Singh has indifferently said that the dosage of the tablet to be increased for dengue fever is enough to increase the dose of the drug.
About 4800 cases of dengue have been reported in Uttarakhand.
Officials have confirmed that 3,000 people in Dehradun and 1,100 in Haldwani have been affected by dengue.
Four of them were killed in Dehradun and two in Haldwani.
The state health department report also reported that eight people had died till September 17.
After all this, trivendra Singh indifferently said that "patients suffering from dengue have increased the mosquito-borne epidemic in Uttarakhand by taking paracetamol instead of 500 mg dosage in 650 mg gramdosage and resting a little"
The incident of a mysterious explosion in the puja room near Thiruvallur has created a sensation in the area.
Govindaraj (45) was a resident of Theriyamangalam area next to Thiruvallur.
He is not married to a saint.
Siddha vaidya, astrology and yoga are also known.
He hails from Nanganallur in Chennai and has been living alone in the town 15 years ago.
He planted herbs around the house.
Lavanya, a young woman from Besant Nagar, Chennai, came to Govindaraj's house last Saturday and stayed there.
Baba Govindaraj was performing puja saints in the puja room at the house last evening.
Suddenly the mysterious object burst into a terrible noise.
Govindaraj's body caught fire.
He ran out of the house, screaming.
When Lavanya came out of the room next door, he was shocked to find Govindaraj's body charred.
Govindaraj sustained severe burns and died on the spot.
On receiving the information, The Mappedu police rushed to recover Govindaraj's body and sent it to the Government Hospital, Thiruvallur for postmortem.
When the mysterious object exploded, Lavanya was in a nearby room and fortunately escaped.
What was the meaning of the explosion in the pooja room?
It is not known whether the bomb was a bomb.
Forensic expert Nalina and officials, led by Deputy Superintendent of Police Harini, collected the clues from the scene.
It has been sent for study.
What was the meaning of the explosion in the pooja room after the end of the day?
The pooja room is also covered with blood.
Police suspect that there is no chance of blood staining when the fire breaks out.
Govindaraj has decided to conduct further investigation scanning of the body.
The woman who was staying with her is also being questioned in this connection.
The incident of the death of a priest in the pooja room has created a stir in the area.
The court has also decided to take up the case of impersonating the NEET exam. B. C. S. S. It is being investigated by the IT police.
The police have also arrested Udit Suryah and his father Venkateswara and the other two are arrested the day before. B. C. S. S. Investigation was conducted at the IT office.
D. South Zone Superintendent Vijayakumar and Deputy Superintendent of Police Hartwin Jagadeeskumar, Theni C. B. C. S. S. It inspector Chitradevi also questioned and made a proper statement.
The medical examination was completed and produced before Theni Magistrate Justice Panneerselvam at 8.15 pm last night.
For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service Patients in government hospital sick?
All the inpatients in the hospital were suffering from this noise.
Many people watched, including night doctors, nurses and staff.
The ambulances were all used to shoot a new film directed by Ponram, starring actor Sasikumar.
Actor Sasikumar is said to have not taken proper permission from the hospital management for the shooting of the film.
The public immediately intercepted the ambulances and argued with the unit.
The Ghanaia police rushed to the spot and took the ambulance driver for questioning.
But the crew had already left, they said.
We contacted the crew to get an explanation.
But could not be contacted.
The statue of Nataraja recovered from Australia was placed in the shrine of Kulasekara mudayar temple in Kallidaikurichi yesterday.
The Temple is in Kallidaikurichi, Tirunelveli district.
The idols of Lord Nataraja, Sivagami Ambal, Manickavasagar and Sri Balinathar were looted in 1982.
The statues were found in the Australian Museum.
The idol was recovered and brought to Tamil Nadu by the special officer of the Anti Smuggling Cell, Pon Manickavel.
The court order was brought to Kallidaikurichi yesterday morning following a court order.
The idol of the police vehicle was welcomed by the public at Kallidaikurichi with panchavati.
The idol was later placed in the shrine of Kulasekaramudayar.
Special Officer Pon Manickavel said, "We will soon find three other statues, including Sivagami Ambica, who were stolen.
Those involved in the incident will be arrested soon, he said.
The CBCID has arrested three more medical students and their father in connection with the neet exam impersonation case.
Uditsurya and his father, Dr. Venkatesan, who works at Stanley Hospital, Chennai, have been arrested for impersonating neet exams.
Dr. Venkateswara Was suspended yesterday after they were being questioned.
Meanwhile, the CBCID police were conducting a serious investigation into the impersonation case.
Three medical students from Kanchipuram were caught yesterday and three more were arrested today.
The CBCID today arrested three persons, Praveen and Rahul and their father from Krishnagiri and Villupuram Medical Colleges and are questioning them.
Six intermediaries have been arrested in the case.
The CBCID is said to have taken action based on his statement during the interrogation of Udit Surya's father.
The CBCID has said that there are several shocking reports on the impersonation case.
President Maithripala Sirisena said that the emergence of a system of demonstrations in the country by graduates from universities demanding jobs is due to education system that has left science, technology and research.
Thepresident said it was important to introduce and implement the new educational systems of developed countries in the world by making necessary fundamental changes in national education policies.
The President made this remark while addressing the inaugural function of the second phase of the 'Shilpa Sena' exhibition which began yesterday (25) at the Kallella National Stadium in Polonnaruwa.
The second stage of the Shilpa Sena Exhibition, which will be directed by the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, will be held at The Kallella National Stadium, Polonnaruwa from yesterday to 29th with knowledge, innovations and various other delightful events.
The president added that the world's progress was through the innovations of science and technology that emerged through research.
The President also highlighted the importance of the experts in this age of need for scientific, technological and research to overcome the challenges faced by our people due to climate change.
Noting that the majority of people in the field of politics, science, technology and research, thinking only about themselves and working on the country, the president said that the main challenge in the journey towards development as a country was that the country was losing the education required by the country in the field of engineers, doctors and accountants, as the educationists who were receiving free education had left the country and not the country.
The Shilpa Sena exhibition under the theme 'Strong Hands Prosperous Country' is mainly divided into five categories: entrepreneurship, labour market, new products, blue green segment and delight.
The technical department has been organized to encourage knowledge in the field of science, technology and research on the main themes of STEM Education, Space Technology, Biotechnology, Robot Technology, Nanotechnology, Megatonics, New Energy, Blue Green Technology, 55G IoT etc.
More than 250 new innovations made by the inventors in the new products section of the Shilpa Sena Expo have been exhibited and the necessary projects have been implemented to commercialize the products.
The President inaugurated the exhibition and interacted with the workgroup smoothly.
Secretary in the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, Sindaka S. Several officials, including Lokuhetike, were present at the event.
The Dussehra festival began with the hoisting of the festival at Kulasai Mutharamman temple.
The Annual Dussehra Festival is celebrated in Kulasekaranpattinam Mutharamman Temple, Tiruchendur in Thoothukudi District.
After dussehra at The Chamundeswari Amman Temple in Mysore, India, lakhs of devotees throng the temple in Kulasai.
Devotees perform fasting and perform various dresses to The Goddess and worship the Goddess kulasekaranpattinam Mutharamman temple festival.
Those who dress in kali roles perform a fast for 48 days.
The Dussehra festival of 2019 began this morning with flag hoisting.
The Dussehra festival is celebrated for 10 days.
The main event of Dussehra festival is mahishasuravatham on October 8.
On that day, Mother Kulasai will be worshipped on the beach and kill Mahisha.
More than 6 lakh devotees are expected to visit the temple for the festival.
Devotees are blessed with the grace of Mother And Mother as he graces from the mutharamman sanctum sanctorum with Gnanamurtheeswarar.
The devotees believe that Ambica Mutharaman is the one who can solve mental problems, obstacles in marriage and child birth.
In Indonesia, 20 people were killed in a powerful earthquake on Thursday.
The national disaster response agency and rescue team of the country said:
A powerful earthquake struck at 8.45 am (local time) on Thursday near Ambon, located in the Maluku Islands.
The earthquake measured 6.5 units on the Richter scale.
Many houses collapsed due to the earthquake; Landslides occurred at various places.
Twenty people were killed in the incidents.
They were killed in the debris and buried in a landslide.
One of them, fearing a tsunami, fell and fell to death as she was speeding on a two-wheeler towards the highland.
The earthquake also caused 100 injuries. Officials said 2,000 people were evacuated to safer areas.
The town of Ambon, which has a population of 400,000 and surrounding areas, was reportedto have been affected by the earthquake.
The earthquake rocked the city hospital, and the patients and others rushed out of the city.
Subsequently, a camp was set up to accommodate the patients, sources said.
It may be recalled that 4,300 people were killed in last year's 7.5-magnitude earthquake in Indonesia.
The attempt ed it was at kanchipuram ATM.
The three motorcycle-borne mob swept away when they saw the police.
State Bank of India ATM is located in the Kancheepuram Velinga Workshop area.
Three motorcycle-borne men parked the vehicle in front of the ATM at around 3 am and then looked at the camera at the ATM gate.
Then they beat the camera with the spray they brought.
At that time, police inspector Bhaskar, sub-inspector Chellappillai and police men were on night patrol in Kanchipuram taluk.
When the police heard the horn, three motorcyclists took the car and fled.
But Inspector Bhaskar chased them for a while.
But he entered a lane and fled.
The kanchipuram taluk police have registered a case and are searching for the mysterious persons involved in the robbery at an ATM.
The police were on patrol and the money from the ATM was saved.
Unnao Minister Sellur Raju said tamils should congratulate PM Modi for his speech in the Assembly to highlight the glory of Tamil nadu.
As for Co-operative Minister Chellur Raju, he will talk to the AIADMK meetings he is participating and ease the tension.
He also made a surprise comment on the topic of his interview, even if he met the press.
The united nations has been in a state of unification. Pm Modi had quoted the puranas in the assembly meeting, "All the villages listen to you.".
"We want to thank The Tamils for their commitment to the prime minister and say it is our duty."
Moreover, the UN Security Council has also been able to Pm Modi has made Tamil proud among world leaders in the Assembly.
He flagged off the new buses at The Arapalayam bus stand in Madurai and told reporters here.
The interview of Minister Chellur Raju has made the BJP feel ashamed.
Meanwhile, he said the rule of law was underway in Tamil Nadu and the arrest of former AIADMK councillor Jayagopal, who was responsible for the death of Subhasree, was the case.
He assured that the AIADMK government would not be watching anywrong and would take action without any mercy.
Tahil Ramani was the Chief Justice of the Madras High Court.
A year after his appointment as chief justice, the Collegium Committee recommended to the Centre to appoint another Chief Justice of India.
Accordingly, it was decided to appoint Tahil Ramani as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
Justice Tahil Ramani refused to accept the transfer and appealed to the collegium.
But his request was rejected.
He then submitted his resignation letter.
In this case, a case was filed against the transfer of Tahil Ramani.
Meanwhile, the Centre has announced that tahil ramani's resignation letter has been accepted.
The case was also dismissed.
The bench essays were held on behalf of the Madras High Court Bar Associations.
28 A demonstration was held on behalf of the Secular Progressive Alliance (SECULAR) protesting against the violent attitude of the Hindu Front and the police to take swift action against the knitwear company attack.
On 5th, more than 60 people were invaded by the Hindu Front inside the knitwear company on The Angaripalayam Road in Tiruppur.
This was the result of the attack on the workers and damage disassociating the property of the company.
The police have made a few people.
The protest was announced on 9th Of This year on behalf of the Tiruppur Secular Progressive Alliance (SECULAR) parties, which had been strongly condemned by the industrialists, various political parties, activists and the public.
The complaint was filed with the District Collector and The Commissioner of Police, Tiruppur.
The demonstration was announced on September 17 at a later meeting on behalf of the Secular Progressive Alliance.
The protest was also held at 11 am on 17th of March in front of the Tiruppur Municipal Corporation in defiance of the police refusal to allow the protest to "condemn the violence of the Hindu Front and urge the police to take swift action".
The demonstration was presided over by Dmk Secretary K Selvaraj of Tiruppur North District.
CPI(M) State Council member K. Kamaraj, Tiruppur District CPI (M) Secretary C. Muthukannan, Cpi Secretary of Tiruppur District M. All party functionaries including Ravi, Congress party leader Ramasamy and MDMK Sampath participated in the demonstration.
In the midst of the demonstration, police narrowly denied permission to hold the demonstration.
The Secular Progressive Alliance (SECULAR) said at the time: On 5th Of This, a hindu front organisation attacked a knitwear company and rioted at Tiruppur.
We have formally sought permission to hold a democratic demonstration condemning the incident, but the police did not allow it, we filed a complaint with the Collector and the Commissioner of Police and since the police refused permission to protest, the protest is now in violation of the democratic ally of the demand.
The police have also arrested few persons in the case of the attack on a knitwear company.
They said the police should take swift steps to arrest the Hindu Front gangsters involved in the incident.
More than 500 people, especially women, took part in the demonstration and raised their voices against violence, which forced the police to retreat without arresting the protesters.
The protest slogans were raised in protest against the attack on the knitwear company in Tiruppur by the Hindu Munnetra Kasai And the religious violence being organised by the Hindu Munnetra Kaur in various forms.
It is no exaggeration if the democratically disciplined secular progressive alliance spearheaded the campaign to create awareness against violence among the people of Tiruppur!
Rs 100 crore fine has been collected from the ocpassengers on the train.
The railway police will file a case against passengers without tickets and fine them.
In this regard, the number of passengers without tickets has increased this year over the last year.
The Central Railway press release said that the government had registered 17.42 lakh cases of "OC" travel during the months of April to September 2018 and collected a fine of Rs.87.98 crore from them and 19.15 lakh cases from April to September this year.
The Collectors presented the Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami with the best performance in the health service.
At a function held at the Secretariat yesterday (26th) on behalf of the Ministry of Women and Child Development, Government of India, The District Collector M. S. S. The District Collector maheshwari ravikumar of Tiruvallur also presented the best district award for the best district award for the development of the project and also for creating a better awareness among the people.
On this occasion, The Minister for Social Welfare and Nutritious Meal Programme Dr. V. Saroja, Chief Secretary K Shanmugam, Social Welfare and Nutritious Meal Programme Secretary S. Madhumati and T.Abraham, Commissioner of Social Welfare were present.
"People will come forward if I do it!" Ram Singh said of the initiative, "People were frustrated by the difficulties of buying more vegetables, traffic jams and environmental pollution.
Many complained, but they did not seem to realize that they were thinking of an alternative or that the solution was with them.
The correct solution is that people will come forward only if I do what I believe.
So my wife and I have 10 kg per week. M. We go far and buy vegetables.
It has become a habit now, as it has been going on for six months.
Now I am very satisfied with my mind."
"Many people said it was difficult to carry a lot of vegetables. I suggested them to carry a bamboo basket to fight the plastic threat.
But they laughed at it.
So my wife and I went to the market carrying a bamboo basket.
I just learned that it would be very helpful in many ways.
Many young people are not healthy these days.
I think they should start walking and control their diet.
I am deeply convinced that traditional methods can provide the best solutions to new challenges in the modernized world.
One can be healthy if one practices traditional methods," says Ram Singh IAS.
Heart diseases, including heart attack, are among the leading causes of death worldwide, said cardiologist Dr G. Sengottuvelu said.
World Heart Day is observed on 29th September every year.
Dr. G. S. S. S. Heart-To-Heart Awareness Programme was held on 27.9.2019 at Thiyagarayar, Chennai on behalf of heart foundation.
Apollo Hospital Senior Consultant and Interventional Cardiologist Dr. G. The ceremony was presided over by Sengottuvelu.
The chief guest was the film artist Sivakumar, who was the chief guest, and all the doctors took the pledge of heart keepers and heart heroes.
ShivKumar spoke about the continuing health of the people.
The hospital president Dr. A. Muruganathan received the award.
The programme was attended by medical expert G. Cheng Kottuvelu spoke:
Heart diseases, including heart attack, are the number one causes of death worldwide.
Heart diseases are on the rise in India.
Young people also suffer from a heart attack.
If we are aware and keep the body safe, 80% of heart diseases can be prevented.
If mother, father, grandparents have heart diseases, we are also prone to heart diseases.
If we take the lifestyle right, we can prevent heart diseases from getting some thing.
In modern medicine, it is possible to predict who is going to have a heart attack.
Early detection can prevent heart attack.
Even if you have a heart attack, you can also cure it quickly.
He said.
The Election Commission has reduced the disqualification period of Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh, convicted in the corruption case, from six years to one month.
The stumbling block in the Tamang by-election was removed.
The Sikkim assembly elections were held with the Lok Sabha elections.
The Sikkim Krantikari Morcha won the election.
Party president Prem Singh Tamang took over as the Chief Minister of the state.
But in a corruption case, Tamang was sentenced to jail by a lower court in 2016.
The Supreme Court also confirmed this and he was sentenced to jail.
The controversy erupted as Tamang assumed office as a man who had faced a jail term in a corruption case could not contest elections for six years.
Tamang is contesting the by-election to the Sikkim Assembly.
Tamang is ruling sikkim with bjp support.
Meanwhile, Tamang had sent a letter to the Election Commission seeking removal of the six-year ban imposed on him by citing various provisions of the law.
The Election Commission, considering the letter, has announced that the ban on Tamang will be reduced to one month.
There by this, there is no bar to Tamang from contesting the assembly by-election.
The BJP can now start playing politics in other states including Tamil Nadu using the concession given to Tamang.
The election commission and the election commission will also be able to make statements in full swing to the BJP's wish.
The government doctor, Udit Surya's father, has been suspended in connection with the impersonation case.
Joseph, who was an intermediary in the impersonation case, has been arrested in Kerala.
Udit Surya, a student from Theni Government Medical College, was found impersonating the NEET exam.
The police registered a case against Udit Surya and his family members.
But Udit Surya and his family fled and disappeared.
Udit Surya had also filed an application in the court seeking anticipatory bail.
The Tamil Nadu police arrested Udit Suryah, who was hiding with his family in Tirupati.
Udit Surya's family was arrested and taken to Theni and interrogated for several hours.
During the interrogation, Udit Surya's father Dr. Venkateswara admitted that he had impersonated his son to become a doctor.
After Venkateswara gave his confession to the police, all were produced before the court and sent to jail.
Udit Surya's father worked as a government doctor at Stanley Hospital, Chennai.
The Tamil Nadu government has suspended Venkateshan as he is currently in jail.
The intermediary Joseph has been arrested in Kerala on the basis of his confession.
He will be brought to Tamil Nadu for questioning.
The doctor of The Stanley Government Hospital, Chennai, has been suspended for impersonating the NEET exam.
Meanwhile, the CBCID today interrogated the NEET Examination Training Centre conducted by intermediary Joseph in Thiruvananthapuram.
Joseph is said to have been involved in massive impersonation scams in the name of neet training centre.
That is why Udit Surya's father Dr. Venkateswara has easily approached Joseph.
The CBCID police are also examining the documents at Joseph's training centre.
The by-electionto the vacant Nanguneri and Vikravandi constituencies in Tamil Nadu will be held on 21st of next month (October).
The Vikravandi constituency is the M. K. Contesting. Nanguneri constituency has been given to the congress, the allies.
Last night AICC general secretary and Tamil Nadu in-charge Mukul Wasnik announced the name of the Congress candidate from Nanguneri constituency.
Kanchipuram North District President Rupi Manoharan (age 60) has been declared as the candidate.
Rupi Manoharan's hometown is Marthandam in Kanyakumari district.
He has served in the Indian Air Force for 15 years and has since run a construction company in Chennai.
On the occasion of 141th birth anniversary of Periyar, 535 Malaysian Government Tamil Schools were donated as a gift to the Tamil Schools.
The book Periyar's Writing Reformation was introduced in Government Tamil Schools at Bukittung and Mendakap.
The book will be sent to 535 Tamil schools in Malaysia in a phased period.
In the first phase, these books were sent to 150 Tamil schools functioning in Bhangand and Silangur.
More than 50,000 students study in these schools.
And more than 7,000 teachers are employed.
This book has been a great opportunity for the students and teachers to know the service periyar has done in Tamil.
Dr. K. The film was released on 19Th August 2017. Govindaswamy addressed the function.
Chinnayya was honoured with periyar perunthavar award on this occasion.
Poet and former Headmaster of Tamil School Periyar Perunthavanar Ku. K. Raman read poetry about Periyar.
It is noteworthy that The Poet Shanmugam of Taiping was also awarded the Award of Rational Power.
There are revolutionary movements before and after Bhagat Singh.
But it is not merely a discredit that Bhagat Singh and his comrades have given revolutionary movements and thereby a new evolution and clear ideology to Indian politics.
We can see that there is a view among the people that revolutionaries are mere fools and are stonehearted people who do not care about human lives.
Bhagat Singh's period shows us their humanity, clear thinking and ability.
After the april 1929 assembly bombing, bhagat singh name spread to India.
He made his public debut in 1930, a little further away from Tamil Nadu.
But within a year of his introduction, his fame has spread rapidly to all corners of Tamil Nadu.
This is the most surprising news in history, and no northernborn leader, including Gandhiji, has not been named in Tamil Nadu in such a short time.
That was because of Thanthai Periyar.
The week after Bhagat Singh's assassination, an editorial in the Republic weekly, entitled Bhagat Singh.
The editorial praised bhagat singhs character and made some comments on the political situation of the day.
Excerpts from the editorial:-
"We would say that bhagat singh really was the right way to fulfill all his principles and that if he had decided he would have to be the same and that if he had not done so, he would not be a man of right.
So now we will call him a true man.
It is our strong opinion that The Bhagat Singh Policy is really what India needs.
Mr. S. S. Had Bhagat Singh not been hanged and died, there would have been no evidence of this victory by so much popularity.
And if Bhagat Singh had not been hanged, Gandhiwould have been more creative.
Bhagat Singh, who was merely a disease dying of his own disease, had to die for his life as a mother who could be useful to show the people of India the path of genuine equality and peace to the people of the world.
We congratulate Bhagat Singh with heartfelt praise for his words and words as a great blessing that no one else can achieve by ordinary.'
Thanthai Periyar has been quoted as saying in an editorial in the Republic.
Dennis Turner, a policeman at the school where the incident took place, had arrested a girl who was stabbed by a teacher.
He had taken the girl's hand with a plastic tag and took her to the Juvenile Assessment Centre in a police car, where a photo of the girl holding a signboard was taken.
His fingerprints have also been taken.
The girl's family was later informed and handed over to her family.
It is not known if he had taken another child to the police station.
Kirkland, his grandmother, who agreed to reveal the identity of kaya rollin, told the media, My granddaughter, who suffers from sleep apnea, is often a victim of the drugabuse.
I was shocked to learn that he was arrested for that, and it was difficult for any 6 year old child to understand and explain it.
In Uttar Pradesh, 73 people have died in four days due to floods, the Weather Department has issued red alertin most districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh.
Heavy rains lashed Bihar's capital, Patna during the last four days, flooding several areas, disrupting rail and road traffic.
Several trains were cancelled this morning due to heavy rains in Bihar.
The chief minister of the state, Nitish Kumar, held a meeting through video conferencing yesterday.
Orders have been issued to close all schools till Tuesday.
Heavy rains have also lashed Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, where several people have died in rain-related incidents in the past few days.
Uttar Pradesh received 3 per cent more rainfall on Friday than normal.
The eastern part of the state is badly affected.
Yesterday, 42.5 mm in Prayagraj. M rainfall and 6.2 min snow fall in Varanasi. It rained.
This is far higher than the average rainfall this year.
Twenty six people were killed in different parts of Uttar Pradesh yesterday.
In the previous two days, 47 people died.
Lucknow, Amethi, Hardai and other districts were flooded due to heavy rains.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has directed the district collectors and regional commissioners to take all necessary steps to ensure safety and security.
In Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, six people were killed in the rains in the last two days.
Three students were killed when a wall of a government school collapsed in Tobwara in Udaipur in Rajasthan.
Three persons, including a police constable, died in Madhya Pradesh on Friday.
Their bodies were found about a kilometre from the scene.
The report on the status of the World Nuclear Energy Department was released on 24th.
Michael Schneider was the chairman of the committee that produced the report.
According to the survey, the atomic energy sector fell to 10.15 per cent in 2018, down from 17.46 percent in 1996.
This decline shows that the attention of the world is moving beyond nuclear energy to renewable and long-term potential energy.
Pushing back nuclear energy, renewable energy like solar, wind, hydro power etc. are increasing globally.
Every year, various organizations will come together to publish a report on the status of the world's nuclear energy sector.
According to a report released this year, the world's nuclear energy sector seems to be on the decline.
Indias nuclear power sector is also in a bad state, the report notes.
Bill Gates honoured Indian Prime Minister Modi with global goalkeeper award for his outstanding implementation of Swachh Bharat Mission.
The Prime Minister's Government of India has announced and implemented the "Clean India" programme.
The scheme was introduced on 2-10-2014, the birthanniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The project aims to build toilets in households, toilets and build solid waste management.
Under this scheme, over 10 crore toilets have been constructed across the country.
98% of the villages have been brought in to rural health care.
In a complimentto the project, Modi was announced to be awarded the International Achiever Award on behalf of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation of the UNITED STATES.
The prime minister, who is on a tour to the US, was awarded the Global Goalkeeper Award today.
The world's richest man Bill Gates presented the award to Modi at a function held today in New York amid a MEETING of the UN Security Council.
Pm Modi, who received the award, said that Mahatma Gandhi's pure dream has now been fulfilled.
Modi also said he would present the award to millions of Indians who have passed the SWachh Bharat Mission and made it a part of their daily lives.
Modi pointed out who said that 3 lakh people were saved from various diseases under Swachh Bharat Mission.
The Ministry of Health has announced that the current rainand flood situation is a disaster that can spread to the people.
The Health Ministry has advised them to avoid unnecessary water descent.
The Health Ministry has said that the disaster situation in many districts has not been reduced due to heavy rains and public should be cautious in this regard.
Children and elderly people have been affected by floods and hospitalization has increased.
The chief officer of the Risk Mahamita Division of the Health Ministry, Dr Hemanta Herath, has asked the affected people to pay more attention to health care.
The Ministry of Education has issued a media statement on the leave of the teachers principals.
The Ministry of Education said in a statement that suggestions and recommendations have been initiated to resolve salary anomalies in the service of teachers and principals.
The Ministry of Education said that the non-attendance of teachers and principals on sick leave on sick leave was a grave unfair act as the government services are prepared to implement the salary anomalies committee's recommendation to increase the salaries of all government employees, including teachers and principals, from January 1 next year.
Employees have the right to engage in trade union activities.
The ministry said that despite the knowledge of the wage increase, the decision to deceive the members was not a disciplinary and dignified profession, such as teacher principals, as a strategy to cheat members.
Education Minister Attorney Akilaviraj Kariyawasam told parliament last July that the salary of teachers and principals was increased by 106 per cent as well as the increase in salaries by any government as per 2015.
The Minister had told parliament on June 7 that the Ministry of Education had submitted suggestions and recommendations to the Teachers Principals Salary Contradiction to the Committee appointed on the general salary anomalies within the public service.
The principal's allowance has been increased from Rs 650 to Rs 6,500.
The promotion work, which had been delayed from 2015, has now been properly carried out.
The scheme to be implemented for the receipt of pension has been prepared and implemented.
About 6,000 people were enrolled in the service by conducting a competitive examination to relieve the shortcomings in the rank of Principal servicing.
The activities of the teachers and principals were given opportunities for training abroad, 25,000 recruits in the teacher service, etc., during the last four and a half years, i.e., in a short period of time.
The ministry of education has also said in a press release today that these were carried out in the education sector as a goal of human resource development.
The complaint was filed against Uditsurya, a Chennai student, for impersonating neet and enrolling in the Theni Medical College.
The case was filed by C. B. C. S. S. Moved to IT.
Uditsurya disappeared with his parents.
The police had yesterday arrested Udisurya and his father Venkateswara and mother Kayalvizhi at the foot hills of Tirupati.
Goa State P. A Goa court has framed charges against J Mlas Adanacio Mansarate on the basis of a complaint that he had sexually assaulted a minor girl.
He was accused of raping a 16-year-old girl, Adanacio.
Last year, the police filed a 250-page charge sheet against him in the North Goa District Court.
The trial will begin on October 17.
Adanacio is a member of the Legislative Assembly from Panaji.
He is 55. The year 2016 was allegedly a rape incident. The girl was 16 years old.
He said he was drugged and raped and his mother, Atanasio, had been given Rs. The woman had also accused her of selling her for 50 lakhs.
It is significantly that Adanacio, who was arrested in 2016, is currently on bail.
Pakistan-based Kashmir has been hit by an earthquake that hit the country last evening.
About 25 people were killed.
More than 400 people were injured.
Pakistani officials said a 5.8-magnitude earthquake, centered in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, killed at least 25 people, including women and children, and injured 400 others, many of them seriously.
The earthquake was centered on the border separating Punjab and occupied Kashmir, 22.3 km north of the Jhelum River, according to the US Geological Survey.
The earthquake was centered on an area of 10 km.
It was felt in most parts of Punjab and parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
However, Pakistan's chief meteorologist Mohammad Riaz said that "the worst impact is in Kashmir's (occupation) Mirpur district.'
Mirpur Divisional Commissioner Mohammad Tyab said that the earthquake was near the Jhelum river, causing disaster in the areas between Jatlan and Khari Sharif and damaged hundreds of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure.
He said 12 people died on way to the headquarters hospital in Mirpur, while 13 died in different villages between Jatlan and Khari Sharif.
150 injured were injured in the dire condition. H. S. They are being treated at Q Hospital.
Many were sent to Rawalpindi for further treatment.
Mobile, telephone and electricity supply in rural areas was cut off.
Because of this, people were unable to give or seek help to their nearby people.
Election King Padmarajan has filed nomination papers with the Election Officer for the Nanguneri by-election.
Padmarajan, Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalithaa, Karunanidhi and Rajasekhara Reddy from Veerakavalpudur village near Mettur in Salem district contested the electionagainst several leaders.
He is the first to be elected as the president of the State.
The government has also sanctioned rs.100.00 per day for the deposit slip slip slip slip. He has spent 32 lakhs.
He is a middle class man.
He was contesting the by-election to Nanguneri constituency and handed over the nomination papers to nadesan, the election conductor yesterday.
He said he would contest for the 206th time in Nanguneri and not win, but his aim was to get into the Guinness.
He claims that he has already been featured in limca and says he would stop contesting elections if he was included in the Guinness Book.
This election king Padmarajan is the most successful candidate in India who has lost the election.
Vikramlander is hit the moon floor. NASA released photo proof.
NASA's LROC orbiter captured the landing site of the 28 Lunar Yan-2 spacecraft Vikram Lander, which hit the moon's south pole.
The Vikram lander of the Lunar Yan-2 spacecraft was launched by ISRO on 7th Of The Year.
But at the last moment the communication was cut off.
The vikram lander was thought to have damaged the moon's ground and the communication was cut off as the lander hit the moon slowly and landed.
Nasa's LROC orbiter crossed the moon's south pole on The 17th.
The landing of Vikram Lander has been captured in a very sophisticated manner the plains between the two ridges, The Simbe Lius En and Mancinus C.
The film scans the pictures and it is confirmed that Vikram lander hit the ground and landed.
That is why it has fallen a short distance from the landing point.
"The LROC orbiter passed the south pole of the moon on 17th of This year, and the moon was crossed by the lss.
The film sent pictures of the evening at the time of darkness.
The probe revealed that vikram lander had hit the ground and landed.
However, the exact location of the Lander vikram lander was not detected.
The LROC R-Fitr will cross the South Pole again on the 14th of next month.
Since the light will be good then, there is a lot of scope for vikram to shoot the lander," he said.
The ideology of Pm Modi and US President Trump is the same.
Modi is campaigning in favour of US President Trump, without worrying about the economy.
Sitaram Yechury alleged at a seminar in Puducherry that the federal doctrine was questioned during the central BJP rule.
A seminar on State Rights and Anti-People Bills was held at Kamban Auditorium in Puducherry on behalf of the Communist Party of India Marxist.
The all India general secretary of the Communist Party of India Marxist Sitaram Yechury was present and delivered a special address.
Addressing the seminar, he said the BJP's campaign for one nation, one culture, one election and one education system has questioned the diversity of India.
If you reject the anti-democratic stand of the government, you can be arrested by calling yourself anti-national.
The amendment has been amended.
Alleging that human rights violations were being carried out in jail by criticising the BJP or posting on social media, he said the country is facing economic crisis.
Because people do not have the purchasing power.
But the government has given rs 2 lakh crore to the rich esteemed capitalists.
He appealed to all to join the agitation against the anti-people government from 10th to 16th October.
He continued, The Prime Minister is campaigning for Trump, not for the nation, not about the economy.
When an actor from Bangladesh came to India to propagate, the Government of India blocked it.
But Modi has gone to the US to campaign for Trump to become president again.
From this, Modi has confirmed that the ideology of both are the same.
The federal policy is in question in the central BJP regime.
Sitaram Yechury accused the constitution of being destroyed.
The seminar was attended by Tamil State Secretary of the Communist Party of India Marxist, Tamil Nadu State Secretary, Pondicherry State Secretary Rajangam and leading leaders.
The compensation to all the farmers who have registered with the Agricultural Insurance Board and paid the insurance premium will be paid within two weeks, said Minister of Agriculture, Rural Economic Affairs, Livestock Development, Irrigation and Fisheries and Aquaculture Development.
The Agricultural Insurance Board has been advised in this regard.
Under this scheme, 3,000 farmers who paid insurance premium swaps for Ampara, Monaragala and Attimalai areas will be compensated for the damage to production.
The Minister made these remarks during a discussion at the Auditorium of the Ministry of Rural Economy.
The postal voting for the Elpitiya Pradeshiya Sabha elections to be held on the 11th of next month will be held tomorrow.
Those who cannot vote by post tomorrow will have the opportunity to vote by post on the 4th of next month, said Mahinda Desapiriya, chairman of the Election Commission.
The district elections office at Galle has been provided with facilities.
National Identity Card or The Election Commission's permitted identity card should be carried for voting by post.
Two libraries, one mayyam opened on Periyar's birthday in Malaysia
Bakang State, Mendaka plantation:
This Tamil school was set up in 1928 and has about 100 students studying.
The Periyar Library was inaugurated on 17-9-2019 by Govindaswamy, the President of the Estate Managers (Sabha) and The Dravidian Director.
Uma presided over the function.
Members of the Board of Management of this School, parent teachers association members, teachers, students and periyar volunteers avudayar, raman and chinnayya participated in the function.
The students were given a taste ful drink and fruit.
The teachers and students of the school were presented with periyar books as gifts.
Bukitraja Garden, Killan City:
There are about 160 students studying in tamil schools.
Periyar Mayyam was established here.
About 500 books were supplied to the centre.
The programme was presided over by The Headmistress of the School, Mallika Palaniyandi.
Periyar volunteers and dravidar kazhagam comrades participated in the function.
The students were given a taste drink.
Periyar's books were presented to the teachers.
Katong Garden, Banding Nagar:
About 100 students and 15 teachers are employed in this Tamil school.
The programme was presided over by the deputy headmistress of the school, Mrs. Kanagam.
The Periyar Library, which has been donated over 400 books, was opened on 23.9.2019.
The students were given taste water.
Periyar's books were distributed as giftto teachers.
Mo. All the above programmes were conducted in the auspices of Govindaswamy.
The three schools were also present in the lectures on Periyar's work.
It is noteworthy that the tamil leader Dr. K. Veeramani has been described in all the programmes about periyar work.
Left front candidate Mani C. Cubbon has won.
K was part of the Congress alliance even though he broke away from the Congress and formed a separate party. M. M. Pm.
K. M. M. Pm.
K. S. S. M. M. Mani passed away in April last year after a fall of illness.
The by-election was announced for the Pala Assembly constituency.
The electionto this constituency was held on 23rd.
Mani C. The candidates were Gabba, Congress candidate Jose Tom Pulikunel and BJP candidate Kottayam Hari.
The votes cast in this election were counted this morning.
The left candidate Mani C. Cubbon won with 54,137 votes.
The Congress candidate contested against him with 51,194 votes.
Left candidate Mani C. Cubbon won by a margin of 2,943 votes.
Kottayam Hari, who contested as bjp candidate, got 18,044 votes.
The BJP had won 24,821 votes in the 2016 elections in the same constituency.
The BJP lost 6,000 votes in the current by-election.
The Congress alliance had been dominating the Pala constituency for the last 54 years.
Now the left has ended this domination.
Heavy rains are likely to occur in the coastal areas from Batticaloa to Matara in general due to the snowfall in the southwest of the country.
The coastal areas from Kankesandhurai to Trincomalee to Batticaloa may receive cloudy rain or thundershowers.
Other coastal areas around the country may receive rain or thundershowers during the evening or at night.
The wind surges southwest wards in the coastal areas around the country and the wind speed is between 10 and 30 km/hr.
During thunderstorms, temporarily wind speeds in these areas may range from 70 to 80 km.
The weather forecast for the sea area is stated by the Meteorological Department today that the sea will be temporarily turbulent in such cases.
Pm Modi urged India to be included in the Nuclear Suppliers Group at a meeting in New York City.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is on a 7 day state visit to the US.
The UN Security Council will be the first to hold a Pm Modi addresses annual general body meeting in Will.
He has participated in various programmes and is meeting world leaders.
As part of this, he met US President Trump at the Houdi Modi event in Houston, USA.
The leaders of the two countries discussed various issues including friendship, trade, trade, security, world issues, Kashmir and other issues.
The bloombox World Industry Forum meeting in New York City yesterday was attended by a number of CEOs of AMERICAN companies.
Pm Modi to participate in the event
The challenge to India is to use nuclear energy to make fuel.
This is because India is not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
If India gets that opportunity, it will be the role model for the world.
Pm Modi spoke.
The nuclear distribution group controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
India has been a member of the committee and has been taking several steps.
China opposed India's non-signing of the Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty, despite the us and other countries supporting Indias visit.
However, in March, six US companies announced that they would build nuclear power plants in India.
The muddy urn was found near Pallipalayam.
The electricity board employees dug a pit for planting a pole at Bharathinagar in Kokkarayanpet tainear Pallipalayam in Namakkal district on the afternoon of yesterday (Sep 26).
There was a pot in it.
The pit was dug continuously and it was known as the old errand.
The bones were found inside.
The informed revenue department visited the spot and collected the bones in the urn.
"Kokkarayanpet is situated on the river bank.
So, if the archaeological survey is done, we can find more historical monuments."
The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), the higher body of technical education, is regularly updating and updating the syllabus for engineering education.
The aicte designed curriculum is followed by higher education institutions for engineering education.
The university administration is designing the curriculum for the colleges affiliated to anna university.
According to a direction issued by AICTE in June 2019, students enrolled in engineering courses this year should opt for 3 2 subjects in 32 subjects which are not subject to the subject skilland study in the 3rd, 4th and 5th semester.
The list includes 32 subjects like technical education, values and dharma, dharma and good lifestyle, shadow film, video documentation etc.
The students who enrolled in the first year of the first year course selected the coursewise in the College of Engineering Guindy, School of Architecture and Planning, Alagappa College of Engineering and Madras Institute of Technology, Chromepet.
In which P. The tech (It) students selected the theory in 12 subjects.
The Bhagavad Gita, which is the subject of the 5th chapter of the philosophy lesson, entitled "Knowledge is Energy" is the bhagavad-gt subject, which contains the teachings of Krishna to Arjuna to keep the mind in control.
Meanwhile, there has been a strong protest in Tamil Nadu that the Anna University suddenly brought bhagavad gita as a lesson.
The Dravidar Kazhagam president, K. S. Veeramani, DMK leader Thalapathy M. Leaders, academics, students associations and writers, including K. Stalin, were opposed to the move.
The protest against the sudden introduction of Bhagavad Gita by the Anna University has been announced to be held on October 1 near the Anna University on behalf of the DMK students wing.
His aim is to embrace all people with equal ity.
Housing building and culture minister Sajith Premadasa has said that his aim is to embrace all people with equal ity and equality, irrespective of race, religion and party.
During a press conference in Colombo yesterday.
He said that the democratic policy declaration that would make the motherland proud will be issued soon.
There is no expectation of strengthening executive power.
He said that no relative sits in his ministry or under its subordinate institutions.
Minister Sajid Premadasa also said that those involved in corruption would not be included in the presidential election campaign or political journey.
68 MS for Vikravandi bypoll. L. S. The DMK leadership has fielded a.k.a.
By-elections to both Vikravandi and Nanguneri constituencies will be held on October 21.
In vikravandi, the DMK and the Congress in Nanguneri are contesting against the AIADMK.
Since the AIADMK would be giving duff to THEK in Vikravandi constituency, DMK president Stalin is said to have formulated various strategies in consultation with district secretary Ponmudi.
The number of DMK legislators is 100. Of these, 68 MS. L. S. The DMK leadership has appointed A.K. as the incharge of the Vikravandi bypoll.
32 M. L. S. Stalin has exempted a.k.a.
He has also asked congress to support the Nanguneri constituency.
The election commission was headed by Ponmudum and Secretary Jagadrachakan M. B. Yemen, appointed.
A. Angaiyarkani, Salem Selvaganapthi, A.K. S. S. S. Vijayan, etc. have been appointed.
Also, 10 Ms. B. The by-election is also being put in place.
During the electionto Vellore constituency after the Lok Sabha elections, M. B. The DMK chief did not engage any of them in the election process.
You will look at your work as usual, said Stalin.
Now they are also given assignment.
The former Police Commissioner of Bengaluru was lodged in the house of C. B. I. Test.
The CBI is conducting raids on the residence of the former Police Commissioner in Bengaluru in connection with the alleged tapping of the phone of political personalities.
In Karnataka, the BJP government came to power after the collapse of the Kumaraswamy-led government.
Yediyurappa took oath as Chief Minister.
The audio conversation was reported in the city of Bangalore on the issue of bhaskar rao appointed as commissioner of police with a party figure for the post of commissioner.
The BJP complained that the telephone was being tapped during Kumaraswamy's regime.
Siddaramaiah, the bjp's coalition partner, his aides and some leaders of the JDS, were also present. L. S. The BJP leaders continued to complain that a total of 300 a.m. and top officials had been tapped in to the phone conversation.
The party leaders demanded a proper inquiry into the matter and take action.
Senior Congress leaders Mallikarjun Kharge, Siddaramaiah and former Police Minister M. B. Many others, including Patil, demanded an inquiry.
Explaining the matter, Kumaraswamy said he did not ask anyone's phone to be tapped and the complaint was untrue and was ready for any inquiry.
The phone hacking scandal sparked a storm in Karnataka politics.
The cine minister said that the government has not been able to B. I. Chief Minister Yediyurappa recommended an inquiry.
C. S. S. B. I. The case is registered and investigation is underway.
The police today met former Police Commissioner Alekumar at his residence in Bengaluru. B. I. Officers conducted a raid.
The raid was carried out on the basis of information about the alleged hacking of the phone of political personalities on a pendrive.
Was the pendrive stuck after the test was over? Isn't it? The sun is not a disciplin
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the United Nations General Assembly today on behalf of India.
He was then a stern attack on terrorism.
He reminded me in his speech that India was a land where Buddha, Vivekananda, Kaniyan Poonkundranaar and others lived.
Modi said: Our country is not war, it has given the world the message of peace of Buddha.
That is why we have always been vocal against terrorism.
We warn the world not to be caught in the grip of the demon of terrorism.
The best poet, Kaniyan Poonkundnar, who lived in India 3000 years ago, sang in the world's oldest Tamil language, "Yadum Oore, All Keelir"
This means that we all belong to the place.
Everyone is our relative.
This is the uniqueness of India.
We do not see terrorism as a challenge to India.
We see it as an act against the whole world and humanity.
So the whole world must rally against terrorism.
125 years ago, swami Vivekananda, the great spiritual guru, delivered this message to the world during the World Religious Conference in Chicago.
The message was, "Peace and harmony is the only thing that is needed.
And there is no difference of opinion.
Today, I say the same thing on behalf of the worlds largest democratic country.
'Peace and harmony' is the message we give to the world."
Modi said in his speech.
Sajitha Premadasa is the candidate of Ranil's United National Party (UNP) in the Sri Lankan presidential election.
Sri Lankan presidential election is scheduled for November 16.
Gotapaya Rajapakse is the candidate of Mahinda Rajapaksa's Sri Lanka Pajana Peramuna.
The JVP and other parties have also announced candidates.
The confusion over prime minister Ranil's United National Party candidate continued.
Ranil was said to have wanted to contest the presidential election.
It was also reported that President Maithripala Sirisena was also making efforts to make a common candidate.
He believes that if Ranil contests, he can win the Votes of Tamils.
Sirisena's calculation is that if Ranil was sent to jail without contesting, he would easily win.
But both of these have not been fulfilled.
Currently, Sajitha Premadasa is projected as the candidate of the United National Party.
Sajida, son of former President Premadasa, is also a part of the party.
Sajid has been a presidential candidate by mobilising his supporters and showing his strength.
Addressing a grand public meeting yesterday in Mattugama area, Kalutara, Sajith said, "I am not a presidential candidate under anyconditions.
I have self-respect, he said inaderely.
Former Minister and Legislator V. Velu said that the reservation of thanthai Periyar's seat in Tamil Nadu was in danger.
The birthday of Thanthai Periyar and Perarianna was celebrated at Thessalonika Divya Institute on Thursday.
The director of divya educational institutions, P Selvarasan, was the chairman.
As chief guest, former Minister A V Velu addressed the students:
Cheran, Chola, Pandian, Chalukyas and Krishna Deva Raya were not asked to study women during the Adsik period.
But Periyar worked hard to educate women, improve their livelihood and give equal rights to property.
It was performed by Arignar Anna.
In that way, the DMK president kalaignar ruled the state of tamil nadu with reservation slots, equal rights in property, balanced education and qualifications.
Thanthai Periyar was responsible for all this.
The theory of Thanthai Periyar is at risk.
"We are deceived in the name of NEET exam today, as we have made many doctors on merit basis through balanced education," he said.
The programme was attended by Secretary senthil kumar, vice president praveen kumar and administrative advisor prathapraveen kumar.
Polur MLA K. V. Sekaran, former legislators Rajendran, Pandurangan, Sawal Poondi Sundaresan, Chetpet DMK City Secretary Murugan were also present.
Principal Of Polytechnic College Murugan thanked him.
The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation conducted various competitions for the students at the World Tourism Day function at Tamil Nadu Hotel, Madurai.
The hotel's cooks had a joint preparation of 101 dishes and exhibited.
They had made millet snacks, madurai local foods, rice, curry, compound fries, snacks and sweets.
The northern and foreign foods were also prepared.
They said that all the food available in the ordinary hotel situated in the first five star hotels will be available in the Tamil Nadu hotel.
The Infact Programmers and The Sieg Foundation jointly conducted a one day employment camp at Jerusalem College, Pallikaran, Chennai.
More than 26 banks and non-banking financial institutions participated in the event.
More than 7000 youth and students participated.
Balaji, Managing Director, Infact Providers, said, "I am proud to say that the banking institutions attending have said that more than 1,500 of the youth are likely to get employment.
We organized this camp to benefit the unemployed graduate youth and students.
We have been conducting free of cost without any money from students or institutions.
Our aim is to maintain such employment camps at various places and create a unemployed community, he said.
The 5th phase of excavation is under progress on behalf of the Archaeological Survey of Tamil Nadu under Keeladi in Sivagangai district near Madurai.
The excavation will be completed for 15 days as it will commence from June 13 and will be completed on September 30.
The public and archaeologists and students visit Keeladi from various places in Tamil Nadu.
The museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains found in keeladi, Minister Mafa Pandiarajan said.
He had initially announced that the museum would be worth Rs 1 crore.
The US has urged India to take swift action to ease restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and release all those detained.
Alice Wells, the Deputy Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs, spoke at the 74th session of the United Nations:
The arrest of a large number of people in the Jammu and Kashmir valley is a matter of concern.
The Government of India should initiate political activities in the state.
Elections should be held as promised.
In Jammu and Kashmir, restrictions should be relaxed and the detainees should be released.
Alice Wells urged the Government of India to take steps fast.
Earlier, there was a report that US President Donald Trump wanted to mediate on The Jammu and Kashmir issue.
The indian side was strongly opposed to this.
Then the US withdrew its views.
The prime minister then went to the US to attend the UN General Assembly meeting.
Modi and Donald Trump were the first to attend the Houdi Modi event in Houston.
Later, the two participated in various programmes.
Trump had hailed India's father as PM Modi.
The US has now put pressure on India on Kashmir.
It was decided at the Meeting of the Aiiti Council that the fees in all the technical institutions in India would be increased 10 times.
The Institute of Technology is a major role in the creation of skilled students all over India.
The Meeting of the Council of Directors of 23 Aiaide Educational Institutions functioning under the Human Resource Development Department of The Union Government was held on 28.9.2019 under the chairmanship of Union Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal.
The decision at the meeting has shocked both the students and the public.
M. S. Tech. The decision has been taken to increase the fee for the course by 10 times.
All aiims in India are being provided with rs. 20,000 to Rs. Tuition fees are only up to 50,000.
Now the fee has been increased to Rs 2 lakh per year.
Out of 12 students studying in first year in the academic year 2019-2020, 9,280 students are eligible for scholarship. M. M. It has also been decided to stop the monthly scholarship of Rs.12,400 for the students of Tech.
The Centre will cut down the funds provided to Aiims companies like Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, Kharagpur, Kanpur, Roorkee and Guwahati.
The Centre has increased the fee slashing the funds from the students to meet the reduction funds.
The Ministry is said to have instructed the respective institutions to take up development workon the amount of construction done by the respective technical institutions and to take loans from the bank and to get the amount from the corporate houses.
Since coming to power, the BJP has been preventing the education of the common man as much as possible, slashing the funding for elementary education in the 2015 Budget, and subsequently reducing the funding for education in every budget.
Subsequently, the corporations continued to offer a series of accommodations to private educational institutions.
The new education policy has imposed various provisions for the educational institutions to run in private sector funds without giving any importance to the government institutions.
The Centre is now working to push indias prosperous future into an illiterate country for centuries, leaving only the wealthiest to study from basic to higher education.
The book "Art of Mockery" by Ranu was received by former IAS officer Karpoora Sundara Pandian for publishing kalaimagal magazine editor Keelambur Sankara Subramaniam.
The late "cartoonist" Ranu alias S. Ke. The publication of Ramanujam's book "Art of Mockery" was held at the Russian Cultural Centre in Chennai on Sunday.
The function was attended by Secretary of The Indo-Russian Chamber of Commerce P. Thangappan presided over the function.
Kalaimagal magazine editor Keelampur Shankara Subramaniam released the first book, while former IAS officer and chairman of the Siddhar Research Centre R. Karpoora Sundara Pandian received.
As chief guest at the function, Karpoora Sundara Pandian said:
The late cartoonist Ranu alias Ramanujam was one of the best cartoonists.
Ranu has created a large number of students through the Cartoon Research and Education Trust.
Generally, even one who is celebrated by the world is not celebrated by the family.
Rather, it is a pride for the family to bring out the book he wrote even after the death of cartoonist Ranu.
He said that even if Ranu died, he would live for a long time through his works and through this book.
S. S. Subramaniam, Keelampur, said, Ke. Ramanujam was the leading parody artist of India.
He traveled all over the world and trained to make fun of him.
He was an innovator in making fun of the art.
Ranu was not only a cartoonist but also an animation specialist.
For the last 30 years, he has undertaken a mock eruption of art in accordance with the Indian environment.
He said he would live long through his students and his writings and cartoons.
R. S. R. Bhupathi thanked him.
Nallathambi, TV manager C. Pereira, and others participated.
The DMK has questioned Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami on how many check dams were built during the last eight years of THEAI.
In a statement here, the party treasurer Durai Murugan criticised the Chief Minister for being blurred out of the public works department without any information.
DMK treasurer Durai Murugan said in a statement that the water released in the Cauvery was released by a dire and a dire sine- M. The government is inauspicious and lacks administrative efficiency and is in vain.
A. D. C. M. The K government has no concrete plan, our leader M. K. Stalin expressed his concern for the role of leader of the opposition in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.
"The chief minister is being blamed for the issue," Edappadi Palanisamy said. M. Did the K.V.s have built a check dam in the Cauvery during their rule?"
"I want to inform him, The. M. During the Kamaraj rule, we built a check dam at Mayanur in Cauvery.
Can Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy, who has also held the Public Works Department without even knowing the details, speak untruthfully?
The dam, built at Mayanur, increased the water resources of the earth in the area.
So agriculture flourished.
Thousands of peasant stalwarts in the region who are benefiting today are always happy to thank the Corporation Government.
The Check Dam was constructed by the Corporation at Mayanur as per the requirement spawning the time.
There was no need for further check dams.
If there was any need, then Chief Minister Kalaignar would have given immediate approval, allocated funds and stepped up the work.
So, Edappadi has no right to blame the Corporation government for the welfare of the Cauvery.
I hear; a. T. M. How many check dams have you built in the Cauvery during the last eight years of the regime?
Another question; We have built more than 40 dams in Tamil Nadu during the DMK regime.
The a. d. M. Can you point out at least one dam as a dam built in the regimes?
Don't lie.
If the opposition leader has no response to the charge , we are building check dams or planning to construct it at other places, please tell them with evidence.
Leave it, the. M. I am obliged to point out that the untrue saying that the cauvery dam was not being constructed in the Cauvery during the Rule of Ka, may be beautiful if the individual edappadi wants to be a chief minister, it is not a civilised thing or a beauty," DuraiMurugan said.
State Bank of India has decided to fix interest rates on repo basis from October 1.
Considering the economic growth of the country, the Reserve Bank has so far reduced the short term loan rate (repo) by 1.1 per cent in four consecutive instalments.
But there is a charge that banks have not paid even half the benefit to the customers.
Now banks are fixing interest on MCLR mode.
The Reserve Bank of India has ordered the implementation of the rate of interest on the basis of treasury bill and repo rate issued by the government for short term loans from October 1.
Accordingly, the State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to scale up the MCLR rate from October 1 to fix home, auto loans and micro and medium enterprises.
The Sri Lanka Administrative Service Association has decided to suspend its trade union activities.
The decision was taken as the meeting with the Cabinet Sub-Committee tomorrow and the process of taking up the process of submitting the applications for the presidential election by post, was taken, the association president Prabhat Chandrakeerthi said.
He expressed confidence that administrative service, including the Department of Registration of Persons, Department of Immigration and Emigration and commissioner of motor traffic, would be carried out as usual.
The Public Administration Services Association hopes to get a positive result in the meeting of the Cabinet subcommittee tomorrow and the cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Pradat Chandrakeerthi added.
Pakistan cricket match today.
The first match of the one-day international between Sri Lanka and Pakistan will begin in Karachi today.
The match will begin at 3.30 pm Sri Lanka time.
The two countries are currently in pakistan for 10 years.
Sri Lanka's manager Asantha Dimel said he was satisfied with the security provided to the Sri Lankan team in Pakistan.
He said the security or equivalent security provided to a head of state was given to the Sri Lankan cricket team.
The three odi slots and the T20 is to be played between Sri Lanka and Pakistan.
Michael Kawreand YoWilson have been appointed as umpires in the one-day international series.
The plane was found in malaysia with a technical problem and was on the runway.
The plane was stopped and 174 passengers were rescued.
The Malinto flight from Malaysia's capital Kuala Lumpur is scheduled to arrive at Trichy at 10.35 pm.
Then it leaves Trichy at 11.25 pm to Kuala Lumpur.
The plane arrived in Trichy the night before yesterday.
The plane then left Trichy with passengers to Kuala Lumpur.
The plane was carrying 174 passengers.
On the runway, the pilot found a technical fault in the plane's eleminator.
He then stopped the plane on the runway.
The plane was then brought to the airport and stopped.
Engineers were engaged in rectifying the technical problem.
The passengers were sitting on the plane for two hours.
But the technical problem was unrepaired and all the passengers were dropped from the plane.
The private hostel was then accommodated to 138 passengers.
Other passengers had to reschedule their flight dates and cancel flight tickets and return to their homes.
If the incident had been a technical problem, the plane could have been involved in an accident.
But the pilot had not left the plane as the pilot had detected the technical problem on time.
The 174 passengers were also rescued.
The technical fault was repaired.
The plane, carrying 138 passengers, left for Kuala Lumpur at around 5 pm yesterday.
The Indian Health Department has reported that more than 5,000 people have been affected by the aedes in India so far.
More than 1,000 people have been affected by dengue in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
Dengue fever is spreading rapidly in Tamil Nadu and Puduchery.
A 12-year-old girl and a student in Krishnagiri died in Chennai the day before yesterday, an Indian media reported.
135 people are admitted to Government Hospitals in Chennai.
The rains have been lashing many places in Tamil Nadu in the last few days.
Special teams have been formed on behalf of the Municipal Administration and Health Department throughout Tamil Nadu to monitor the dengue fever cases.
The health department has also advised dengue patients to undergo treatment in government hospitals.
Time for Aadhaar linking with PAN Extension up to 31.
The time for linking the Aadhaar number with the PAN number has been extended till December 31.
This is the seventh time that the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) extends the time for PAN-Aadhaar linkage.
The Centre had already extended the time for 6 months from March 31 to September 30.
The extension has now been extended for another 3 months.
The UIDAI is providing a 12 digit identification number called Aadhaar Number to each citizen of India.
The Income Tax Department provides an identification number with a number and letter in the 10 digit pan number for the individual and the company who pay seigise income tax.
The Central Board of Direct Taxes had issued a notification on July 1, 2017 to link the Aadhaar number with the income tax number.
The time for Aadhaar-PAN linking was extended several times.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court in September last year ruled that the Aadhaar scheme would be legally valid.
The Apex Court also ruled that Aadhaar number is mandatory for payment of income tax.
Meanwhile, the Union General Budget announced on July 5 that it would be sufficient to replace the PAN number in the filing of income tax returns.
Dmk leader M. K. Stalin visited the temple today.
The life style of the Sangam literature is the life of tamils who lived in blood and flesh. The results of the lower excavation revealed that it was not fiction.
The city civilization began on the banks of the Ganges in the north in the 6th century.
But in the south on the banks of the Vaigai river, tamils lived in the highest city life in the 6th century B.C. The scientific evidence of the excavation sculptors has proven that Tamils were well-educated and have a rich life.
The following excavation sculptors have created a position to rewrite the history of the Indian subcontinent.
The public visits the lower excavation site which is a pride for every Tamil.
Recently, Seeman, the chief coordinator of the Tamil Party visited the excavation site under the bed.
He was followed by DMK chief M Karunanidhi today. K. Stalin visited the kiladi and visited the excavation sites.
He was accompanied by CPM M. B. S. S. A large number of top officials of Dmk and Venkatesan went.
Stalin uploaded a video on his Twitter page entitled "When he visited the keeladi land that had brought the Tamil civilization to the world 2600 years ago."
Trump demands investigation of Ukrainian president
The White House confirmed that the report that Donald Trump had telephoned the Ukrainian president to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden, who is likely to run for the Democratic presidential candidate.
The Democratic party has proposed a disqualification motion against Trump in the House of Representatives, saying it was a mistake to pressure the uspresident to investigate the country.'
Six committees have been constituted on the directions of Speaker nancy of the House of Representatives and the inquiry has begun into the president's action.
Trump had phoned Ukrainian President Volodimir Zelenski on July 25 last, so investigate," Trump said at the time.
The White House yesterday officially released a statement of what the presidents of the two countries had said.
It is therefore admitted that the conversation took place.
Meanwhile, Speaking to reporters outside the United Nations meeting, Donald Trump said the demand was made friendly.
The Ukrainian president was not under any pressure.
But one thing to note is that the US government suddenly suspended the $400 million in funding to Ukraine.
Later, it was allocated.
The Democrats are tied to this and this comment that Trump has spoken to the president.
So the incident has started to stir up a storm in Us politics.
Joe Biden, son, Hunter was appointed as a member of the Payment Board of Burisma Holdings, Ukraine, in April 2014.
The company was involved in extraction of natural gas in the Ukrainian peninsula, which is affiliated to Russia.
The investigating officer was dismissed for the alleged irregularities against Purisma Holdings.
The Republican Party has accused Joe Biden of being in the line.
Hunter, however, has denied allegations that he used his father for his business.
The incident of the government official beating up journalists in the presence of School Education Minister Shenkottaiyan has created a sensation.
The Minister of Theonayakanpalayam, near Gobi in Erode district inaugurated the water supply schemes.
As reporters were filming him, Muthulingam, assistant executive engineer of TWAD Board, was standing in a hurdle.
The press has raised a voice, "Sir, sir, just a little further."
He said in solidarity, "Who are you asking to push, what a great man you are?" and he beat the press who asked him to push him.
On learning of his presence in the drunken state, the Minister, Shenkottaiah, ordered him to be expelled immediately.
The top officials then drove muthulingam away from the ceremony and immediately leave.
However, more than 15 journalists blocked the road demanding departmental action against Assistant Executive Engineer Muthulingam.
The Minister, Sengottaiyan, informed the government about the matter, contacted the top officials of The Erode District Water Supply and Drainage Board and bought the lead and right to dare to come to the government function after drinking alcohol.
He also asked muthulingam to be suspended.
The 5th phase of excavation has been found to have historical traces of the world's reputation, Minister Pandiarajan said.
Jayakanthan, Minister of Khadi and Village Industries Board G. Tamil Official Language and Tamil Culture Minister K. Pandyarajan visited the press in the presence of Bhaskaran and others.
The historical study of the Sangam in Tamil Nadu is a turning point in the 5th phase of the excavation.
K. M. From the 6th century A.D. It is a fertile area till the 1st century.
The study of urbanization is being conducted by the present evidence.
The scientific calculations of the excavation at Keeladi have concluded that the Tamil-Brahmi period is 100 years old. Ki. M. Tamil Nadu is known as a literate community in the 6th century.
Further, samples of 70 skeletons revealed by the study have been sent to the Postgraduate and Research Institute, Deccan College for scientific analysis.
These epidemiolytic species were classified according to the nature of the analysis and identified by the epithets of the animal, such as humpbull, buffalo, goat, wild boar, reindeer and peacock.
Cow, buffalo, goat and other animals are used for food purposes and in some animals like reindeer, wild boar, wild boar etc. are also used for food purposes.
By this analysis, the sangam age community was the primary cultivator of agriculture and livestock rearing.
Samples of bricks and roof tiles and hematoma ticks have been sent to The Technical University, Vellore for analysis.
In each of these minerals are found in this study, such as silica, lime, iron, aluminium and magnesium.
To conserve such a variety of species, the construction of a museum at the main site is in progress at an estimated cost of Rs.20 crores to benefit tamil scholars, students and the public.
The excavation work for phase 5 will be extended for two weeks and the work will continue.
Similarly, the state government will work on the sixth phase of excavation at four places next year in collaboration with the Centre, Tamil Official Language and Tamil Culture Minister K Pandiarajan said.
Manamadurai MLA S. Nagarajan, former MP Senthilnathan, Assistant Director of Archaeology, Jeevanandam, Guardian Asaththambi, Tahsildar Raja hon. Tirupuvanam, And other government officials were present.
The Andhra Club was organised on behalf of the World Elders Day on behalf of The Asian Shubham Elders' Residence, with a grand celebration of the elderly dress, dance and song.
The 92-year-old grandmother danced to the adum bombay song.
Actress Ambika, singer L. R. S. S. Easwari and Poornima Kumar presented the presentation.
Virgo Evans hosted the programme of Poornima Kumar.
Businessman Nalli Kuppuswamy Chetty, actress Ambika, singer L. R. S. S. Easwari and others were present and awarded the prizes to the winners of the competition.
15 grandmothers attended the fashion show.
Haripriya topped the list.
Surekha and Radhika finished second and third.
The beautiful grandfathers marched in fashion dresses.
Manik first and Kannan second.
Susan, Kala and Vanaja were the best dancers.
The Two Men of Sri Ramanan and Srinivasan and Balambal were ranked second in the Chennai competition.
The elderly families participated and encouraged them.
92 year old Lalitha danced to the adum bombay song.
Virgo Evants Purnima Kumar said that the old man's day should be celebrated with great pomp and glory as women's day and Valentine's Day.
Labour Commissioner Muthumanickam to attend International Labour Organisation meeting.
The International Labour Organization is the only tripartite forum formed by the United Nations.
Labour laws in all countries of the world are passed by the conventions and recommendations of the International Labour Organization of the United Nations.
A review of such conventions and recommendations will take place on the 27th of March at the International Labour Organization premises in Geneva, Switzerland.
This meeting will discuss, discuss, discuss and send recommendations to the Governing Body committee.
The Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner of the Union Labour and Employment Ministry Muthumanikam represented the Government of India.
The tripartite meeting will be attended by international trade unions, employers and governments from 187 countries.
This is the first time a Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner has been sent as a representative of the country for such work, a press release issued by the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner said.
Vijay's father and director S. A. Chandrashekhar arrived in Thoothukudi by air from Chennai today.
Vijay spoke about the incident and a. M. The protest was also asked.
He replied, "Subhasree died in the accident when the banner fell while riding on a bike on the road.
Everyone is talking about the incident.
Vijay was talking about something that everyone was talking about.
Why has none of the people involved in subhasri's case been arrested yet?"
In this context, the ministers and A.D. M. He said, "Vijay's stage speech is a sign of political influx?"
"I don't know anything about that.
Let him go, and hurry up.
Deputy Chief Minister O Panneerselvam today inspected the tamilnadu slum clearance board quarters at Valliswaran Koil Estate, Chennai Raja Annamalaipuram and heard the grievances of the public.
488 houses constructed during the year 1979-80 are very damaged.
The Deputy Chief Minister assured the residents that the work would be commenced shortly and new quarters would be completed.
Rs. 1,000 The Deputy Chief Minister said that the project cost of 67.89 crore will be demolished and the construction of new flats with a 400 sq.ft. area, one bedroom, one kitchen, one bathroom and a toilet, will be constructed soon under the Housing Scheme for All.
He said that the tender slots for the project were finalised and the work would be taken up soon after the demolition of existing tenements and construction of new quarters would be taken up soon.
The Deputy Chief Minister has directed the slum clearance board officials concerned and the Corporation of Chennai to maintain the area clean and hygienic till then.
O Panneerselvam said that 6 lakh houses have been constructed for the homeless and all will be provided houses by 2023.
Ravi M. L. S. G. And the officers went.
Carnatic music competition for young artistes on behalf of Indira Sivasailam Foundation.
The Indira Sivasailam Foundation organized the 7th annual "Anvesha Quest for the Best" as a preview of the annual Indira Sivasailam Foundation concert at the Madras Music Academy.
The "Anvesha Bala Vidwan" competition introduced in 2018 provides a platform for emerging musicians to showcase their talents in Carnatic music in the presence of the renowned referee and the Indira Sivasailam Trust medallists from the "The Music Academy Advanced School of Karnataka".
Participants in the Anvesha Balavidwan competition were asked to upload their talents and performances in Carnatic music in a video form on the Facebook page of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation.
This year, the competition was held in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and U. S. S. S. A. About 100 competitors, including a few participants from the Middle East, uploaded their talents and participated.
The jury was also present ed it with Professor Rita Rajan, Dr. R. S. S. S. S. S. Jayalakshmi, members of the editorial board of The Music Academy Advanced School of Carnatic Music and Dr. Dr. Bandula Rama is also present.
This year, a competition for 16-20 years of age was introduced, apart from the vocal and instrumental (flute and violin) categories for artists from 10-15 years.
Participants in all the three categories showed their talents in a mixed manner.
The following are the winners of the Anvesha 2019 tournament:
Swatika, Dhruv S. Patangi and Kamakshi Ambatiputhi and Abramaya Seshatri have won the orchestra.
R. S. S. S. T. Shyam Raghav has won.
Anvesha Jury Members Dr Bandula Rama, Prof Rita Rajan, Dr R. S. S. S. Jayalakshmi and Sunita Subramanian of Indira Sivasailam Trust presented the awards to the winners.
The audience and participants who attended the event appreciated the efforts of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation to preserve and preserve Carnatic music among the emerging artists.
Bill Gates Foundation Award for Indian girl who fought against child marriage.
A 17-year-old girl from Rajasthan has been awarded the ChangeMaker (ChangeMaker) award on behalf of the Bill Gates Foundation for her fight against child marriage and child labour.
Payal Jangid (17) of Hinsla village, 100 km from Jaipur in Rajasthan, was killed.
He campaigned vigorously against the child marriage system and child labour in his village.
He also carried out this campaign in some villages near his village.
So many child marriages were prevented in those areas.
Payal's performance was honoured with the award on behalf of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
The awardceremony was held in New York City, USA on Tuesday night.
Deputy General Secretary Amina J. Payal Jangid received the 'ChangeMaker' award from Mahmud.
After receiving the award, Payal said, "There were many problems in our village.
Especially girls are not sent out and read.
They are married at an early age.
My family decided to marry Mr. Too early.
Then I approached a social activist and convinced my father.
Subsequently, we held several rallies and protests against child marriage and demanding the sending of children to school.
We went from house to house and made everyone aware of this.
"Parents should give every child the opportunity to improve their lives," he said.
The amnesty period has been announced in Jordan for another two months.
The Foreign Employment Bureau said the Jordan Embassy had announced that the amnesty period, which began on September 22, will be in effect until November 29.
Foreign personnel who go to Jordan with a business visa and stay without visa for a specified period of time can return to the country without paying any penalty during this amnesty period.
However, the Jordan Embassy has said that foreigners who are staying illegally on tourist visas can leave after paying fines after the expiry of the visa permit.
It is significant that the amnesty was announced last February in Jordan for foreigners who were staying illegally.
Bjp takes on caste politics in Tamil Nadu?
If the lotus is not able to blossom anywhere in Tamil Nadu, it is said that the BJP will finally take up caste politics.
When Modi was the prime minister for the first time, he was in a position to leave the lotus in Tamil Nadu.
After this, for the second time, i.e. the ongoing MP elections, he said, "I don't know what you're going to do. Lotus should bloom in Tamil Nadu," Amit Shah said sternly.
But in all the five constituencies, the soil was only able to be soiled.
The entire country is admiring the BJP but there is a wave of opposition in Tamil Nadu.
It is above all triple talaq, Kashmir, Hindi imposition, one nation one language.
All this is combined and it is still in the grim ness.
That is why the BJP leadership is in a state of disgust with the bjp officials in Tamil Nadu and that is why it is said that even the state leadership is not yet appointed.
The BJP is planning to root out the BJP in Tamil Nadu before the coming assembly polls.
The BJP leadership seems to have come to a close decision through the direct field report, intelligence report etc.
Accordingly, there is a feeling among the people of the community that the two Dravidian parties, whether aiadmk or DMK, are not giving adequate importance to the Nadars, Vannipeople and Devendra kula vellalar people.
It is said that the party is upset with the Dravidian parties.
This is the trick that the BJP has taken into its hands.
It has decided to honour the respective community by giving a post to the people of the community, or to give importance.
The appointment of Soundararajan as Thelgana Governor is the same.
Similarly, the BJP government is also said to be giving importance to the top nadars in ISRO.
It is true that if the BJP acts as a respectfor every community, it will bring pride and happiness to the people of the respective communities.
Moreover, there is nothing masticating in any case that will make the BJP a party in this caste politics.
At the same time, it is not known whether these activities of the BJP will be pouring more oil into the fire, as Tamil Nadu is already in the ruins of caste politics.
If caste fire starts to burn, the fact is that even the bud of the lotus, which is now a little bit blooming in Tamil Nadu, will burn in the same fire!
A coolie worker was murdered by a drunken man near Villupuram.
A coolie worker was killed in a pre-enemy clash near Valavanur in Villupuram.
The assistant inspector who was going to nab the culprit also beat up the knife and created tension.
Thanigairaj (28) is the son of a beggar from Kengarampalayam colony near Valavanur near Villupuram.
Wage labourer.
Kasinathan's son Ayyanar (33) from the same area.
They have been involved in frequent drunken disputes and clashes in the area.
There are cases against them at Valavanur Police Station.
Ayyanar, who sells coconut water, has been regularly used to intimidate the public from time to time with a knife, drinking alcohol at night.
In this regard, he was drinking alcohol on Saturday evening and took a coconut knife in The Kengarampalayam Colony area and threatened the roadmen.
Aiyanar went to Thanigairaj's house due to hostility and had a dispute with him at home.
In the clash, he suddenly cut Thanigairaj with a knife with coconut water.
Thanigairaj fell in to the blood and died on the spot.
After this, Ayyanar walked the road with a knife and chased the public away.
The Assistant Inspector of Police, Valanur, rushed to the spot and tried to nab him.
The assistant inspector was hit by a knife and injured him.
He was immediately admitted to a private hospital and was treated.
The police then seized Ayyanar and took him to the police station.
Villupuram DSP J. Shankar, Valavanur Inspector of Police Nandagopal and police rushed to the spot to inspect the killing scene.
Police were deployed in the Pondicherry state border area as the killing of Kengarampalayam was a fear-bound incident.
On a complaint, the Valavanur police registered a case of murder and arrested Ayyanar and are conducting intensive investigation.
Road Safety Camp and Awareness Rally was organized by Medavakkam New Prince Sri Bhavani Arts and Science College, Medavakkam, chennai and Chennai Metropolitan Traffic Police Department (Madipakkam Traffic Police Range).
M. S. S. Prabhakaran welcomed everyone.
Senior Principal V. Karunanidhi, Chief Minister V. Uma Devi, Deputy Chief Minister A. Madhiyapaas Bacheli were also in the forefront.
L. S. S. S. Naveen Prasad presided over the road safety awareness camp.
Madipakkam Traffic Inspector Sivasankaran, as the chief guest, flagged off the awareness rally and gave a keynote to the students on road safety norms.
He said the need for road regulations should be started only from the students, because parents and society are dependent on them.
To prevent this, awareness programmes like this should be conducted in schools and colleges.
Everyone should follow the traffic rules to protect your life, not to impose a penalty.
Students should wear helmets while riding a bike and never use a cell phone while driving.
The vehicleshould be operated only after proper study of road rules.
Motorists should be given adequate support to the traffic police.
If every college administration keeps a constant watch on the students followthe road rules, they can save the precious lives of the students.
The future of the country lies in the hands of the youth, and the safety of such youth is an essential duty for the traffic police and the public.
Assistant Inspector RaviKumar, Head Constables Kandipan, Srinivasan, Thyagarajan and others participated in the camp.
42 years of death of Professor Senaka Vibile today.
42 years of death in the national drug policy, professor senaka vibile.
He was murdered in a mysterious manner on the island of Guyana.
He is the first professor in the field of medicine.
Professor Senaka Vibile has served as the first Betapati of the Faculty of Medicine at The University of Peradeniya.
He revealed the issues of drug selling by various national companies in the country and was under various pressure from these vendors.
The loss of the government from the drugs imported into the country under various names is crores of rupees.
He thus highlighted the necessity of a national drug policy to the government.
He worked to provide 335 medicines for patients at reasonable prices and high quality.
He was a part of the multi-enterprise symposia.
The mystery of his death has not yet been revealed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not utter any word on the Issue of Jammu and Kashmir during his speech to the United Nations today.
The 74th Session of the United Nations is currently underway.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the meeting today on behalf of India.
In his speech, he called on the world to unite against terrorism.
He also remembered the verse 'All the villages' that tamil poet Kaniyan Poonkundnar sang.
Modi boasted that India was playing a major role in the solution on the issue of global warming and that India's contribution to global warming was limited and the solution was too high.
The Government of India is taking a serious step to make plastic free.
He said that the massive health insurance scheme is being implemented in India.
All the villages hear. . Unnao Pm Modi speaks in Tamil for the world
But in his speech, he did not mention anything on the Issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
This is because the Centre has decided that Jammu and Kashmir is an internal affair of India.
While Pakistan wants this to be an international issue, observers say that Modi has not spoken any thing about Jammu and Kashmir in a deliberate manner.
This message has been sent to the world that Kashmir is india's internal affair.
2,993 Tribals have passed the Literacy Test held in Kerala.
The 85-year-old woman also passed out of the school.
Kerala has 93.91 per cent literacy rate as per 2011 census.
The Kerala government is making efforts to make it 100 per cent.
For this purpose, state literacy commission was constituted.
The Commission conducts classes and examinations for the literacy of the people in each district.
The Commission is taking serious steps to provide literacy to tribals, fishermen and migrant workers.
The students of the tribal dominated areas of Wayanad district were given literacy classes from February last year and recently conducted the examination.
The exam was 100 marks; 30 marks for reading skills, 40 marks for writing skills and 30 marks for mathematics.
It is mandatory to get 30 marks to pass the examination.
3,090 tribals from Wayanad district participated in the examination.
The Literacy Commission said that 2,993 of them had passed.
One of them was an 85-year-old woman.
27 Students studying in Government and Government Aided Schools will be given textbooks for the second semester and note books for the second term on October 2018. The director of school education S. Kannappan has ordered.
He has sent a circular to all district principal education officers and district education officers on Wednesday:
Free note books have been distributed to all the districts through TNPL.
Similarly, the second ary period textbooks have been sent through The Tamil Nadu Textbook Corporation.
All District Principal Education Officers will be provided to all government and government aided schools in their district on Sep t. Textbooks and note books should be provided by 30th.
He further said all the principals should be advised to provide free textbooks and note books for the second season on the first day of the first day of the quarterly vacation.
