Today is the international day of information.
On the occasion of this, the ministry of mass media has declared the month of information.
This month will be held from 15th to 15th of next month.
There are many jobs to encourage the right to information about the right to information will be implemented in this period.
The law for information in Sri Lanka will be implemented in parliament in 2016
This took place in action to strengthen democracy more.
Now this law has been given fourth law in the world.
The use of plastic products has been banned in BJP headquarters in Delhi.
Once used plastic products like water bottle there are banned.
India is now getting ready for next election campaign.
Election is going to be held on 21th in Maharashtra and Haryana.
Election results will be announced on the 24th of the same month.
For This, all parties are getting ready very seriously now.
In this situation, election committee meeting was conducted in Delhi on behalf of BJP.
Pm Modi, BJP National President Amit Shah, BJP National Working President J p natta involved in this advice.
Prime Minister Modi was involved in discussion with BJP's election committee in March before.
After that, he spoke to avoid plastic products.
He requested to avoid plastic products that can be used once.
In this situation now, plastic products have been banned once in BJP head office.
Especially the water bottles are totally dropped.
Water Bottles were not used even in BJP meeting today.
Instead of this, water is given in glass jar.
It is said that this action has been taken next to Prime Minister Modi's request.
It is remarkable that many netizens are appreciating and commenting on this action.
Kulalai Ismail from Pakistan.
He is a social interest, has been giving voice against children's marriage, violence against women, male murders, and oppression.
Khyber Paktunwa has published photos on social media with evidence of sexual harassment of the pakistani army involved in some areas including Khyber Paktunwa, Balochistan Province.
Because of this, the police of the country are seriously involved in the attempt to arrest him and arrest him.
However, kulalai ismail escaped from Pakistan with the help of friends and relatives and his relatives.
In this situation, I in New York, America. N. Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan addressed the day before yesterday.
" there are no warrior organizations in Pakistan. So we must all be united against terrorism
The Police are investigating the incident of a young man who used cell phone as per charger was attacked by electricity.
Ramakrishnan belongs to the school area near school in namakkal district.
His son is Devendra (age 27).
He worked as tower manager in a popular private cellphone company.
Yesterday afternoon devendra was charging his cell phone in his house yesterday afternoon.
At that time, there was an electric leaked and the electricity was poured on devendra.
When he was thrown out, he died pathetic.
The school police who were informed about this came to the incident and investigated.
After that, Devendran's body was sent to the hospital for the physical therapy.
A complaint was given to pallipalayam police station regarding this.
The Police are filed and investigating the case.
This incident has caused a broadcast in the area.
The Supreme Court has announced that it cannot be given a day after October 18th to put arguments in Ayodhya Case.
Supreme Court investigate the appeal petition filed against the judgement given by Allahabad high court in Ayodhya Case.
Investigation is being held on daily basis since 6th of last month.
The Court has advised to complete the arguments by October 18
Session LED by Chief Justice Ranjan Goi is investigating this case.
An extra hour trial has been held since last Monday.
During yesterday's argument, the Islamic organizations reported the report released by the archaeological department in 2003
The Judges who commented on this, " if you had an obsession on the report of archaeological department you could have raised it in allahabad high court.
There you get relief as per law.
We will not allow you to wake up here
In this situation, the case of Ayodhya has come back to trial today.
At that time, the Islamic organizations reported that we would apologize if the archaeological department had wasted the report and wasting the court time.
The Islamic organizations party lawyer has not lost the right to question on the archaeological department report.
However, the judges told that the evidence will not be judged after the court has been accepted.
The Judges who again pointed out to complete their arguments by October 18th in Ayodhya Case, according to that Hindu and Muslim parties should mention the period of their arguments.
The Judges said that one day can't be given a day to place the arguments ahead after October 18th, and the judges said it would be better if you judge in four weeks in four weeks.
As the holidays are coming in October, they said that only one lawyer will be allowed to present opposition on the data of the hindu organizations.
Uttarakhand BJP chief minister trivendra singh has said distracted that it is enough to increase the dosage of the tablet that is consumed tablet and will not do anything else.
About 4800 people affected by dengue fever in Uttarakhand State.
So far 3 thousand people in dehradun, officials have confirmed that 1,100 people are affected by dengue.
There were 4 DEAD IN DEHRADUN AND 2 in haltwani.
In The State Health Department report, the account has been shown that 8 died until September 17
Only after this, to the question of the reporter that the infection spread due to mosquitoes in Uttarakhand State, "patients affected by dengue disease, instead of 500 ml of 650 ml of dosage trivendra singh said," it is going to be healed by taking a little rest
Mysterious material exploded in the pooja room near thiruvallur, the priest died in that area has caused a broadcast in that area.
Govindaraj lived in the next sovereignty area of tiruvallur (age 45).
He is not married to him.
Siddha Remedies, astrology and yoga also know.
He from chennai nanganallur, he bought a acre place here last 15 years ago and lived alone.
He developed a herbal plant around the house.
In this situation last Saturday, young lady lavanya from chennai besant city came to the house of govindaraj.
Swamy Govindaraj was doing pooja in the pooja room at home yesterday evening.
At that time, the mysterious stuff was exploded with a loud voice.
In This, govindaraj caught fire in the body.
He ran out of the house to scream.
When Lavanya who was in the neighborhood came out of the side room, he was shocked to see the body of govindaraj.
Govindaraj, who was injured in the body, died pathetic on the spot.
After knowing the information, mappedu police came fast and rescued the body of govindaraj and sent it to thiruvallur government hospital for a pre-test.
Lavanya escaped because lavanya was in the nearest room when the mysterious stuff exploded.
What is the meaning of exploded in the puja room?
I don't know if the explosion is gunda.
Deputy Police Chief Minister Nalina and officials collected the tracks in the place of the incident took place of the incident.
They sent it for research.
What is the meaning of exploded in the puja room after its end?
Also the blood is scattered in the pooja room.
Cops suspect there is no chance to cause blood during fire.
Govindaraj has decided to conduct more investigation with the result of body test.
There is an investigation to the woman who was staying with this.
Mysterious material exploded in the pooja room, the incident of priest has caused a broadcast in that area.
C is the case of impersonated in neet exam. B. P. C. C I. D police are taking investigation.
In this situation, udit surya and his father venkatesan, who was arrested before yesterday, theni c. B. P. C. C I. Enquiry was investigated at d office.
D Regional Superintendent Vijayakumar and Deputy Superintendent heart win jekatesh kumar, theni c. B. P. C. C I. T Inspector Chitra Devi investigated and registered with confession.
Later, after completing the medical test, he was served last night at 8.15 pm in the presence of theni criminal justice department.
Actor Sasikumar movie shooting... government hospital patients who suffer?
All the patients in the hospital were suffered with this sound.
Many had fun, which includes night doctors, nurses and staff.
In inquiry all those ambulance were used as shooting of actor sasikumar, the shooting of the new film produced by ponram.
It is said that the shooting of actor sasikumar has not received permission to the hospital management.
Immediately, the public from there were involved in a discussion with the team by forgetting the ambulance.
After knowing this, the police came quickly to the spot and took the ambulance driver for investigation.
But they say that the film team has gone from there.
We contacted the team for explanation about this incident.
But can't contact.
Nataraja Statue rescued from Australia yesterday at kallidaikulasekaramudaiar temple shrine.
Tirunelveli District is located in the temple of heroine samedha kula sekaramudai who raised ethics in tirunelveli district.
In this ancient temple, the five Feet Tall Nataraja Statue, sivagami ambal, manickavaskar, and Sri Bali were robbed in 1982
It was known that these idols are in the Australian Museum.
Statue was rescued in the efforts of statue trafficking prevention section special officer pon manik vel and brought to Tamil Nadu.
Kumbakonam Court order was brought yesterday morning.
The public welcomed to the statue that came in the police vehicle, the public welcomed the entire pañcavathium.
Then the statue was placed at the shrine of kulasekaramudai.
Special officer pon manik vel said: we will soon find the other three other three idols including sivagami ambal stolen with this.
Those related to this incident will soon be arrested.
Cipici police are arrested and investigating 3 more medical students and their father on neet exam impersonation issue.
Dr. Venkatesan, who are working in Chennai Stanley hospital regarding the issue of impersonation in neet exam.
Dr. Venkatesan suspended yesterday while being investigated with them.
Meanwhile cbcci police investigated a serious investigation on impersonation issue.
In This, 3 medical students from kanchipuram were caught yesterday, today 3 more students have been arrested.
3 persons of abirami, Praveen, Rahul, Rahul, and their father from krishnagiri, villupuram medical colleges are arrested and investigating their father today.
6 Middlers were arrested in this issue.
It is said that cbcci is currently taking action on the basis of his vote source during the investigation conducted by udit surya's father.
Cbcci data has reported that many shocking information will be released on neet exam impersonation issue.
President Maithripala Sirisena said that the graduates who are released from universirisena says that the system of demonstrated from science, technology and research departments.
So the president mentioned that the basic changes in the national education policies, it is very important to introduce and implement the new education system of the developed countries in the world.
Yesterday (25) The President expressed this when he participated in the second phase of the 'Shilpa Sena' exhibition which was started at the National Stadium, which was started in the National Stadium.
The second phase of shilpa sena exhibition held at the ministry of science, technology and research department, new innovations and various joy events will be held from yesterday to 29th to 29th to 29th. I am not able to do this is
The President who participated in this there is the source of science and technology formed through research and technology which is the source of science and technology.
Due to climate change, technical and research departments need more cooperation in this era of scientific, and research departments to win the challenges given by our country people due to climate change. The President explained.
Most of the people in political department and scientific, technology and research departments are not thinking about the country, but the important challenge in the country, the president who receive free education men who receive free education in the country. It is a great problem to lose the country because engineer, doctor and accountant services for the country is a great problem for the country.
Shilpa Sena exhibition which is held under the black material of 'strong hands' is mainly divided into five divisions of technology industry, industry, new products, Blue Green Division and joy.
In the department of technology department of stem education, space technology, life technology, robot technology, Nano Technology, megatonics, new energy, Blue Green Technology, 55 G Iot Department has been organized to encourage knowledge.
In the new products section of shilpa sena exhibition, more than 250 new innovations created by Buddha in this country has been showcase, and the necessary projects that are also implemented. I am not able to do this is
The President who opened the exhibition visited it and discussed it with the work pipe.
Secretary of ministry of science, technology and research, sinthaka s. Many officers including loku hetke participated in this event.
Dasara Festival started with flag hoisting at kulasai mutharamman temple.
The Dussehra festival which is held every year at kulasekaran pattinam mutharamman temple, Tuticorin District, Tuticorin District.
Millions of devotees gather for dussehra at Mysore Samundeshwari Amman Temple in India, millions of devotees gather for dussehra festival.
It is the unique thing of the goddess by wearing various roles from fasting and worship Amman Temple Festival.
In that too, Kali's role is special to have severe fasting for 48 days.
Dasara Festival for the year 2019 started with flag hoisting this morning.
Dasara Festival is happening for 10 days.
The main event of dussehra festival is held on October 8th.
On that day, the night, the ambigai that rises on the beach, will kill glory.
On the occasion of festival, more than 6 Lakh devotees will visit to visit goddess.
It is a great blessing to have a great blessing to have a great blessing to have a great blessing to have darshan of goddess and father along with the mother and father.
It is an unbelievable belief that the devotees can solve mental problems, marriage ban, marriage ban and child ban.
20 people died in a powerful earthquake on Thursday in Indonesia.
The Country's National Disaster Rescue System and rescue force reported about this:
Powerful earthquake occurred on Thursday at 8.45 am (local time) near amphonnagar, near amphonnagar, Malu Islands area.
In The Richter Scale, this earthquake was recorded as 6.5 units.
Due to this earthquake, many houses collapsed; landslides were found in various places.
20 died in this incident.
They died when they were trapped in building thunder and buried in landslide.
One of them died when she went to the high area of a two wheeler in fear of tsunami.
Apart from this, 100 people were injured due to earthquake; officials reported that 2,000 were executed to safe areas.
Information shows that 4 lakh people live and the areas around it have been affected by earthquake.
The City hospital was shaken by earthquake, and the disease and the others went out of there.
After taking it, they set a temporary camp and inform that the patients have been placed in it.
It was remembered that 4,300 people died due to earthquake in Indonesia due to earthquake in Indonesia.
Robbery attempt has happened in kanchipuram atm.
After seeing the police, the mysterious gang of 3 people who came in motorcycle ran away.
State Bank of india atm is located in kancheepuram veliga workshop.
3 mysterious persons who came on a motorcycle at 3 am this morning stopped the vehicle before atm and then saw the camera at the atm door.
Then they hit the spirit they brought on the camera.
At that time, Kancheepuram Taluk Police Inspector Baskar, sub-Inspector Pet and police were coming to patrol work through that night.
After hearing the police horn, 3 people from motorcycle took the vehicle fast and escaped.
But Inspector Bhaskar chased them for a while.
However, he entered a dead body and escaped.
Regarding this, kancheepuram taluk police filed a case and searching for mysterious persons involved in ATM.
As police came there in patrol, millions of money from atm was escaped.
I. N. Minister sellur raju has announced that Tamils should appreciate the pride of Tamil in the assembly.
According to the union minister sellur raju, he will speak a riot in admk meetings and loose the tension there.
Even if he meet the press, he will be surprised by giving his interview as a headlines.
In this situation, I held in the United States. N. In The Assembly meeting, Prime Minister Modi quoted the words, " all the town will hear
In this situation, tamilians should thank and appreciate pm modi and it is our duty.
And, I. N. Prime Minister Modi has made tamil proud among the world leaders in the assembly.
He expressed this to the reporters who inaugurated new buses at madurai arappalayam bus stand.
Minister Sellur Raju's interview has made BJP to scream.
In This, the rule of law will be held in Tamil Nadu, and for that, admk ex-counselor who is responsible for the death of suba sri.
He promised that the admk government will not make fun of it, and the action will be taken without any reason.
Dahil ramani was the chief justice of chennai high court.
It's been a year since he appointed him as chief judge, the collegium committee has nominated the central government to appoint a different chief justice to chennai.
According to this, it was decided to appoint tahil ramani as chief justice of meghalaya.
Judge Tahil Ramani refused to accept this transfer and requested to kollijiam.
However, her request was declined.
After taking this, he gave the resignation letter.
In this situation, the case was filed against the transfer of tahil ramani.
Meanwhile, the central government announced that tahil ramani's resignation letter was accepted.
The Case has also been dismissed.
In this situation, a division function was held for dahil ramani on behalf of chennai high court lawyers associations.
The protest was held on behalf of Hindu front's violence against the hindu front attack on behalf of the secular progressive alliance on behalf of the secular progressive alliance.
ON THE LAST 5th, tiruppur there was a group named Hindu front company in ripalayam road, more than 60 people entered and attacked.
Because of this, the workers were attacked, and the company owners were also damaged.
The police have done some thing about this.
Protest against this incident on the last 9th against the industry, various political parties, movement and public public party, on behalf of tirupur secular progressive alliance parties. It was announced.
Complaint filed to district collector and tirupur municipal police commissioner.
The protest was announced again on behalf of the secular progressive alliance on behalf of the secular progressive alliance on behalf of the secular progressive alliance.
Since the police department refused permission for this protest also, in front of tiruppur corporation "against the violence of Hindu front of Hindu front of hindu munnani - police insisted to take immediate action. Yum" protest was started.
Tirupur North District Dmk Secretary K for protest. Selvaraj held the head.
CBI (M) State Committee member k. Kamaraj, tiruppur district secretary se. Muthu Kannan, Tirupur District Secretary M. All party administrators including Ravi, ramasamy and mdmk sampath participated in the protest.
In between the protest, the police were not allowed to conduct a protest.
At that time the secular progressive alliance parties reported; on the last 5th of Hindu front, the organization called Hindu front attacked the background company and riot.
We asked for permission to conduct a protest in democratic way against the icampavam, police not allowed, we reported a complaint to the collector and police commissioner, and after that the police refused to protest because the police refused to protest. In Democratic Way, now protest is going on violating the ban.
Moreover, police arrested some of the incident which was attacked by the background company.
Still, police reported that police should take immediate action in arrest the hindu munnani goons related to this incident.
There were more than 500 people in the protest especially women participated in a high level of violence. So that the police followed the police followed the people who were protesting against the ban.
Due to the system of hindu munnani, the system of hindu munnani was attacked by the organization called Hindu munnani, and the organization called Hindu front in various forms.
The protest conducted by secular progressive alliance with control in democratic way, it wouldn't be too much if they defeated awareness against violence among tirupur people!
Rs. For those who traveled free in train. 100 crore penalty has been collected.
Railway police will file a case for passengers without ticket in train.
In that way, the number of passengers without tickets in this year has increased more than last year.
In Last 2018 April to September, 17.42 lakh cases have registered 17.42 lakh cases that travelled "OC" in the month from April to September and total rs. 87.98 crore penalty has been collected and registered for rs. 19.15 lakh cases from April to September to September. 100.29 crore penalty collected and reported in central railway news report.
Collectors showed and greeted the central government awards to namakkal, thiruvallur district for a special work in medical service.
At the leadership of chief minister edappadi palanisamy yesterday (26th) on behalf of the ministry of central government and children development, on behalf of the central government and children development, "save girls, baby girl let's teach them" Namakkal District Collector M, namakkal district collector m for the best district to increase birth gender rate for four years to increase birth gender rate for four years. Thiruvallur District collector maheswari ravikumar also showed the award for the best district given to thiruvallur district for a special awareness among the people and the people.
During this event, minister of social welfare and nutrition scheme Dr. V. Saroja, Chief Secretary K. Shanmugam, social welfare and nutrition scheme secretary s. Madhu Mathi, social welfare commissioner ta. Abraham was together.
" if I do, people will also come forward to do!" ramsingh talks about this effort, " various activity called traffic jam, traffic jam, environmental pollution they were able to see frustration in the people.
They do not realize that many people complained about this, and they have a solution to it, and they have a solution for it.
The right solution is that people will come forward to follow if I do what I believe.
So me and my wife 10 km once a week. M. Walking far and buying vegetables.
It's been familiar since it continues for six months.
I am mentally very satisfied at present
Many said, " it is difficult to carry lots of vegetables I nominated the bamboo basket to fight against plastic threat.
But when they heard it and laughed.
So me and my wife went to the market carrying Bamboo Basket.
Only then I came to know that it would be very helpful in many ways.
In these days many young people are not healthy health.
I think they should start walking and control their food.
I am deeply believing that traditional method can provide the best solutions for new challenges in a modern world.
Excited that a person handles traditional instructions, he can do with full health ramsingh i.a.s.
Heart surgeon doctor ji is in the first place of heart diseases including heart attack, including heart attack. The Sengottuvelu reported.
World heart day is being held on September 29th.
This is forward Dr. G. S. S on behalf of heart foundation let us join by heart - awareness program was held on 27.9.2019 at chennai thiyagarayar nagar on 27.9.2019
Apollo hospital high advisor and international heart therapist Dr. G. He was headed to the sengotuvelu program.
In the head of film artist sivakumar who participated as a special guest, all including doctors accepted the pledge as heart heroes.
Sivakumar has spoken about living healthy.
Hospital head doctor a lord muruga has received it.
Medical expert ji at this event at least speaking red line:
In the world wide death, there are heart diseases including heart attack in the first place.
Heart diseases are increasing in India.
Youngsters are also affected by heart attack.
If we keep the body safe from awareness, we can prevent 80 percent of heart diseases.
If mother, Father, grandpa and grandma have heart diseases, we also have heart diseases.
If we take lifestyle right, we can prevent heart diseases from somewhat.
We can predict who will get heart attack in the present modern medicine.
If found in the beginning, you can prevent heart attack.
We can cure quickly even if there is a heart attack.
This is how he told.
Election Commission has reduced the period from 6 years to remove the eligibility of Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh who was punished in corruption case.
Because of this, the knee has been removed from competing in the election election.
Sikkim Assembly election was held with the lok sabha elections.
In this election sikkim kiran morcha won a grand manner.
That Party President Prem Singh took charge as chief minister of tamang.
But in a scam case, the court sentenced to jail under 2016
As the supreme court also confirmed this, he was willing to enjoy the prison.
When a person who enjoyed the jail rails in corruption case will take oath because a person who enjoyed the jail could not compete in the election for 6 years.
In this situation, Sikkim is competing in the assembly elections.
With the support of BJP, he is ruling in tamang.
By pointing out various legal divisions, he sent a letter to the election commission to remove the election commission for the 6 years imposed to contest in the election.
The election commission which considering this interest has announced that the ban period is less than one year.
By This, there is no ban to compete in the assembly elections.
BJP can now start playing their politics in other states including Tamil Nadu using the offer given to tamangu.
Election Commission and implementation of BJP's interest in full week can be released.
Student Udit Surya's father doctor venkatesan suspended in the case of impersonation in neet exam.
Moreover, Joseph, who was acting as a intermediator on impersonation issue has been arrested in Kerala.
The student from theni government medical college has been discovered that he was impersoned in neet exam.
The police filed a case against udit surya and his family.
However, thrissur and his family were fled away.
Also uddit surya filed a petition in the court demanding bail.
In this situation, Tamil Nadu police arrested udit sura who was sneak with his family in tirupati.
Udit Surya's family was arrested and brought to theni and enquiry was conducted for several hours.
During this enquiry, udit surya's Father Dr. Venkatesan accepted that he impersonate his son as medical treatment.
Following the confession of venkatesan confession to the police, everyone was jailed and jailed.
Udit Surya's father worked as a government doctor in Chennai Stanley Hospital.
The Tamil Nadu government has suspended venkatesan as he has been arrested and jailed.
Also, based on the confessions given by venkatesan, Intermediator Joseph has been arrested in Kerala.
He is brought to tamilnadu for enquiry.
Chennai Stanley Government hospital doctor venkatesan suspended, the father of student udit surya's father in neet exam.
Cbcci police investigated today at neet exam training centre conducted by middleman Joseph in thiruvananthapuram.
In the name of neet training center, it is said that Joseph has done a large number of impersonated fraud.
That is why Dr. Venkatesan has easily approach Joseph Udit Surya's father.
Cbcc police are also investigating the documents in Joseph's training centre.
The election will be held next month (October) for the constituency of nunneri and vikravandi in Tamil Nadu.
The in vikravandi constituency. Mu. K. Competing. We have given straight constituency to congress which is alliance party.
Last night, the general secretary of all India Congress party and Tamil Nadu responsible for the Congress candidate, has announced the name of Congress candidate who is competing in neri constituency.
Kancheepuram North District President Ruby Manoharan (age 60) has been announced as candidate.
Ruby Manoharan's native place is marayapuram near marthandam.
He has worked in the Indian air force for 15 years, after that, he is conducting a construction company in Chennai.
On the occasion of periyar's 141th birthday, as a special event, 535 Malaysian Government was given as a gift to tamil schools.
The book of the book was introduced in tamil schools in the government of the government of the tamil schools.
And this book will be sent to 535 Tamil schools running in Malaysia.
These books were sent to 150 Tamil schools working in bakong state and Selangor State.
In these schools, more than 50 thousand students are studying.
And it is remarkable that more than 7 thousand teachers work.
The way of this book is the best opportunity to know the students and teachers done by periyar for tamil language.
Dr. K. Veeramani's edition was explained during this introduction ceremony. Govinda Swamy addressed.
During this program, the periyar volunteer award was awarded to chinnaiya.
Poet and former chief teacher of Tamil school, periyaar ku. K. Raman read his poetry about periyar.
It is remarkable that poet shanmugam from taiping was also given the award of rational friend.
There are revolution movements in front and after Bhagat Singh.
However, Bhagat Singh and his comrades have given a new effect and clear ideology to Indian politics through it.
Even today we can see that there is a opinion among the revolutionary people, and a stone that does not care about human lives.
Bhagat Singh period makes us realize their humanity, clear thinking and ability.
After the assembly bombing program, Bhagat Singh's name was spread in India.
In Tamil Nadu, he was introduced to the public in 1930 only.
But in one year his fame spread very fast in all the corner of Tamil Nadu.
This is the most amazing news in history, including Gandhi, the name of any leader born in north, has not spread in Tamil Nadu in such a short period.
The reason for that is father periyar.
After Bhagat Singh was killed, a editorial was named as Bhagat Singh in the Republic Weekly Magazine.
The editorial of Bhagat Singh's character was appreciated and made some opinions about the political situation.
Some parts from the headlines :-
" if he really bhagat singh is sure that all his principles are right, and he has decided that the right religion is the right religion to fulfill it, then he must have to walk as he has done. We will say that if he had not happened, he would not be able to say that he is a man
So now we call him a true man.
It is our strong opinion that Bhagat Singh policy is really necessary for India.
Mr. If Bhagat Singh had not been hanged and opened his life, this victory would not have been evidence of this victory.
And If Bhagat Singh was not lifted, then we would say that gandhi would have been more work.
Why Bhagat Singh, who had to die with disease, Why Bhagat Singh had to show the people of India to show true equality and peace to the people of the world.
We appreciate Bhagat Singh's heart, who said that no one else can achieve by normal!"
Father periyar has mentioned in that Republic Magazine.
In this situation, a police named Tennis Turner, who was in police work in the school, has been arrested for the girl who was caught in the school.
In that also, tied the girl's hand with plastic tag, took it to the police car to the juvenile police station (Juvenile Assessment Center), and a photo of a photo of the girl who holds the criminals.
His fingerprint has also been taken.
Later this information was reported to the girl's family and she was handed over to her family.
I don't know if he took another child to the police station.
Her grandmother who agreed to release the identity of the girl kaya roll, in interview given to the media about this, my grand daughter who is suffering from the sleeping issue of 'Sleep Apnea', due to the result of the medicines that are consumed.
I am very shocked when he said that he was arrested, he said it is difficult for any 6-Year-old child to understand and explain this.
Due to rain flood in Uttar Pradesh, 73 people died in 4 days, most districts of the districts of Eastern Uttar Pradesh has been born in most districts of Eastern Uttar Pradesh.
Floods have occurred in many areas due to heavy rains in bihar capital, Patna, train and road transport has been disrushed.
Many trains cancelled this morning due to heavy rains in Bihar states.
Yesterday amma nila, Chief Minister Nitish Kumar conducted a consultation meeting through video conference.
Order to close all schools till Tuesday.
Heavy rainfall in Uttarakhand, Jammu-Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, and Madhya Pradesh have died in the past few days.
It rained 3 percent more than normal in Uttar Pradesh.
East side of state has suffered very badly.
Yesterday, 42.5 m in prayak. Me Rain, 6.2 m in Varanasi. Your rain also rained.
This is much more than average rain this year.
26 people died yesterday in various parts of Uttar Pradesh.
BEFORE THAT 2 days, 47 died.
Lucknow, amati, har Thai and other districts are surrounded by flood due to heavy rain.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has ordered district collector and regional commissioner to take all the security and activities.
6 people died due to rain in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh in last two days.
Three students died after breaking the wall of government school in dhopwara, Rajasthan.
3 people including police constable died on Friday in Madhya Pradesh.
Their bodies were found one kilometer away from the spot.
A report on the state of world nuclear energy department has been published on last 24
Michael Schneider is the head of the team that made that report.
According to that thesis, the nuclear energy department, which was 17.46 % in the world's need of the world has reduced to 10.15 % according to 2018
This fall shows the attention of the world's nations to a long-term energy that can be renewable energy.
The power of the nuclear power is increasing in the world, renewable solar power, wind power, and water power.
Every year combined with various systems and publish a report on the status of the world nuclear energy department.
According to the release of this year, the entire world is going to fall of nuclear energy department.
Report says that India's nuclear energy department is also in a very bad condition.
Indian Prime Minister Modi awarded global goalkeeper award for implementation of clean india project.
The Central Government LED by Prime Minister Modi in India has announced and implement the "Clean India" scheme.
In the last 2014, this project was introduced on 2-10-2014 on Mahatma Gandhi's birthday.
This project aimed to build toilets in homes, setting up public toilets, creating solid waste management.
Under this project, more than 10 crore toilets are built across the country.
Rural Health protection has been brought in 98 percent of villages.
In order to appreciate this project, Modi will be awarded the International Record Award for Modi on behalf of America's bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
In this situation, Prime Minister Modi has been awarded the global goalkeeper award to the United States today.
World Rich Bill gates awarded this award to Modi at the un security council meeting in New York.
During the speech of the award Prime Minister Modi, he said that Mahatma Gandhi's cleanliness dream has been fulfilled now.
Modi also announced that clean india project and submitting this award to millions of Indians who have changed it into part of their daily life.
Due to clean india project, Modi pointed out that 3 lakh people were saved from various diseases due to clean india project.
The Ministry of health has announced that there will be a disaster situation that the rain and flood situation due to rain and flood situation.
Due to this, the ministry of health has advised to avoid unwanted water.
The disaster situation caused by heavy rains in many districts is not reduced now, and the ministry of health has said that the public is working with the public.
The condition of allowing children and old people affected by the flood has increased in hospital.
Because of this, the chief officer of health, the chief officer of the ministry of health has asked the people affected by the ministry of health security.
The Ministry of education has published a report regarding the holiday leave of teachers presidents.
A report published by the ministry of education has been reported that suggestions and recommended to solve salary conflicts in the service of teachers and presidents.
The intercession of the committee that will remove the salary conflict of all employees including teachers and presidents, including teachers and presidents are ready to implement the basis of their pay conflict from the first date of January next year. The Ministry of education has said that the teachers and presidents are a great injustice to the service of the service of the society.
To engage in union activities is the right to employees.
It is not challenged but after knowing about the salary hike, the opportunity of the opportunity of the industries that are used as a success received due to deceive members of their actions. The Ministry has said that there is no activity for the intelligent business like teacher presidents like teachers and presidents.
According to the year 2015, the salary of teachers and presidents were increased by 106 % increased by 106 percent and the salary increased by any government. That Education Minister law has announced the last July in the parliament in the parliament.
The Minister Parliament has submitted suggestions and intercession to the ministry of education regarding the salary conflict regarding the government service to the salary conflict of the government service. He told on the date.
Payment for presidents has increased from Rs. 650 to rs. 6,500
Promotion works which were delayed from 2015 and start of 2015 are now initiated.
The way to get pension has been implemented and implemented.
After recovering the President's service from politics, in that service, there was conducted a competitive exam to judge the defects of President's quality and about 6,000 people were joined the service.
The opportunity for teacher and presidents were given to training in foreign countries, 25,000 people attached to the teacher service were in the past I am in the past I was passed away in a short term. I am not able to do this is
It is more reported in the media report published in the education department of human resource development and the ministry of education has been reported today.
A complaint against Chennai student uthsurya that he was impersoned in neet exam and joined theni medical college.
Take this, this case c. B. P. C. C I. Changed to d
After this, uthsurya died with his parents.
In this situation, the individual police caught the day before yesterday in tirupati hills and his father venkatesan and mother kayal eye.
Goa state pa. J. Goa court has filed allegation against Buhari that member adanachio mansarate, sexually abused minor woman.
A 16-Year-old woman was accused of being accused of adanachio.
Police filed a crime report on him last year in North Goa District Court.
The investigation of this case begins October 17
Adanasio is a member of panaji constituency.
She was told that she was 55. Rape incident happened in the year 2016. Then the girl was 16. years old.
It is rs. to her mother and his mother and adanasio. The woman was accused that she sold herself for 50 lakhs.
It is remarkable that adanasio who was arrested last 2016 is currently on bail.
Pak occupied kashmir has faced high impact due to earthquake in pakistan as center yesterday evening.
About 25 people died there.
Over 400 injured.
5.8 Richter level earthquake occurred yesterday evening with pak occupied Kashmir, at least 25 people died including women and children, and 400 injured, and pakistan officials reported that most of them were injured widow.
The us geological research center has reported that this earthquake had 22.3 kilometers away from the north of Punjab and occupied Kashmir, and occupied Kashmir.
Earthquake 10 km there was a center for your area.
In most parts of Punjab, it is realized in some parts of Khyber Paktunkhwa.
However, the chief meteorological inspector of Pakistan said that " the worst damage is in Kashmir's (occupation) is in mirpur district
As it was the center part of the jelum river jelum river, it was damaged in the middle of the jatlan and Kari Sharif, and other infrastructure in the middle of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure.
He said that on the way to head hospital in mirpur or 12 died, while 13 people died in different villages between jatlan and Kari Sharif.
150 people who were wounded. H. Getting treatment at q hospital.
Many were sent to rawalpindi for upper treatment.
Disconnected mobile phone, phone service and electricity supply in countryside.
Because of this, people can't help or get help from their neighborhood.
Election King Padmarajan has filed nomination to the election officer to contest in the election election.
He contested in the election against many leaders like padmarajan, Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, jayalalitha, karunanidhi, karunanidhi, rajasekara reddy from Salem District.
He contested against Abdul Kalam, Pranab Mukherjee, ramnath govind in the presidential election.
His own money is only for the deposit amount paid during nomination in the election. Spent 32 lakhs.
Do not think that he is a great wealthy, but he is a medium man.
In this situation, when we are competing in the election for the constituency, he gave nomination to nadesan, who was conducting nomination to the election.
For The 206th time, he says that we are competing in straight, but his aim is not to succeed, and to take place in Guinness.
The one who says he has already got place in limka book, says I will stop competing in the election if he takes place in Guinness book.
This election king padmarajan is the owner of the record of the defeat by competing in the elections most times in India.
Vikramlander is strong on the ground of the moon. NASA released photo evidence.
28 Chandrayaan-2 Spacecraft Vikram Lavender has sent a picture of NASA's lrc r fitter in the south pole area of the moon.
Chandrayaan-2 SPACECRAFT SENT BY ISRO, Vikram Lander Land Lander Moon's south polar land on last 7th.
But in the last time, it had to communicate.
As Vikram Lavender Lander on the floor instead of landing slowly on the moon, it was considered that it may be damaged and communication may be disconnected.
In this situation, NASA's lrc r fitter crossed the south pole area of the moon on the last 17th.
At that time, Vikram landed simpe lius n and mansinus c in a very modern manner.
In Exploring these films, Vikram Lander has been confirmed that he landed on the ground.
This is why he went from the land to a little distance.
Regarding this, NASA's arc project Deputy Director John Keller said, " the south pole area of the moon passed over the last 17th.
The evening was sent in the evening of darkness.
In Exploring it, Vikram Lander has come to know that he hit the ground.
However, Vikram Lander could not find the precise place where he landed.
Lrc R fitter will cross the south pole area again on 14th next month.
Since the light would be good, there are more chances of shooting vikram levi ",
The ideology of both prime minister modi and American President Trump are the same.
Modi is spreading in support of trump without worrying about economy.
Sitaram Yechury accused the seminar in puducherry that federal theory has been questioned in the central BJP government.
On behalf of Marxist Communist party, the seminar was held on the topic of state rights and anti-people bills.
In this marxist communist party's all india general secretary sitaram yechury participated and gave special speech.
He spoke in the seminar, the propaganda of the one nation, one culture, one election, one election, one education system has questioned the diversity of India.
If you reject the democratic stand of the government, you can arrest you by saying anti national.
Law Amendment has been brought for this.
If he criticized BJP or posted on social website, he accused that human rights violations are going to jail by saying that he is a terrorist or posting on social website.
Because there is no power to buy people.
But the government has dumped 2 lakh crore rupees to the rich owners.
He asked everyone to participate in the protest against the anti-National Government on October 10th to 16th to 16th.
He continues to speak, without worrying about the Prime Minister's nation, not worrying about the economy, but not worrying about the economy.
When an actor came to India to spread an actor from Bangladesh, the government of India stopped it.
But Modi went to America and spread that trump should come back as president.
Modi has confirmed that the ideology of both of them is the same.
Federal Theory has been questioned in central BJP government.
Sitaram Yechury accused that the pledge of political constitution are being destroyed.
Tamil State Secretary Balakrishnan, Puducherry State Secretary Raja and leading leaders of Marxist Communist party participated in the seminar.
The loss amount for all farmers who have registered and paid insurance allowage by Agriculture Insurance Council will be paid within 2 weeks, Rural Economic Affairs, Veterinary Development, irrigation, irrigation and water development minister p. Harrison has reported it.
Advice has been given to the agricultural insurance council regarding this.
Under this, compensation for production damage to 3,000 farmers who paid insurance allowance to ampara, monaragala and fig hills.
The Minister mentioned these things during the discussion held at the ministry of ministry of rural economy.
Postal Voting for the elpitiya divisional council election will be held tomorrow on 11th next month.
The President of the election dam committee has announced that there will be a chance to vote through the post tomorrow on the post on 4th of next month.
The facilities have been made in the office of the empty district elections.
The National Identity Card or election commission must be taken to take the identity card allowed to vote through post.
Two libraries, one centre opening on periyar's birthday in Malaysia
Pahang State, Mentahab Garden:
About 100 students studied in this tamil school which was set in 1928
Here in periyar library 17-9-2019 was opened by the leader of garden administrators (Sabah) and dravidian movement staff.
For this event, the chief blessings of this school has accepted the chief blessings of this school.
Members of this school were participated in the management board of parents teacher association members, teachers, students and periyar great volunteers, Raman, chinnaiya and participated.
Students have given taste water drink and fruits.
Periyar's books were given as a gift to the teachers and students of the school.
Bukit Raja Garden, Klon City:
About 160 students studied in Tamil school here.
Periyar Centre was built here.
Approximately 500 books were given to that center.
For that event, mallika palani yandi led the chief teacher of this school.
Periyar volunteers and dravidian party comrades participated and participated.
Taste drink was given to the students.
Periyar's books were given as gift to teachers.
Catong Garden, Banding City:
About 100 students and 15 teachers are working in this tamil school.
For this event, the deputy chief teacher of the school was present.
The Periyar library which was given as a gift of more than 400 books was opened on 23.9.2019
Taste water was given to the students.
Periyar's books were given as a gift to the teachers.
Moo. All the programs conducted in the acceptance of govinda swamy were held well.
It is important that the three schools were found in the three schools.
Tamil leader Dr. K. It is remarkable that veeramani has been explained about periyarial works in all events.
Left Wing Alliance candidate mani c in the election of Kerala's Bala Assembly constituency. The Cup has won.
Even though he separated from Congress and started a part of Congress alliance k. M. The Bell.
In the history of Kerala, he was the political leader who failed in the election. M. The Bell.
As Central Minister, k was the minister of various departments of Kerala. M. Mani died last april due to ill health.
Due to this, the election was announced for the pala assembly constituency.
The election for this constituency was held last 23th.
In this constituency the left wing candidate manichi. Jose Dome Puli, Jose Dome Puli, kottayam hari were competing as BJP candidate for the congress alliance candidate.
The votes registered in this election were counted this morning.
Left Wing candidate mani c. The Cup won 54,137 votes and won.
He got 51,194 votes for Congress alliance candidate who contested against him.
Left Wing candidate mani c. Cup won by 2,943 votes.
Kottayam Hari won 18,044 votes for BJP candidate.
In the last 2016 election, BJP got 24,821 votes in the same constituency.
BJP has lost 6,000 votes in the present election.
In pala constituency, Congress alliance was ruled for the last 54 years.
At Present, the left people have ended this dominance.
Due to the southern west direction of the land in sea region, due to lower area, there may be heavy rain in sea areas of mattakalappu to matara.
It may rain or thundershowers in sea areas beyond the sea areas from kangecan rain or thunderground from kangesam to trincomalee.
It may rain or thunderstorms in the land in the evening or night.
The wind blows into the south west direction of the country, and the wind speed of the wind will be calculated from 10 km per hour.
During Thundershowers, the speed of the wind might increase from 70 to 80 kg.
In such situations, the department of meteorology department mentioned in the weather related to the sea which has been published today.
Prime Minister Modi insisted on the meeting in New York City of India to be added as a member of nuclear distribution countries.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has gone to America for 7 days.
Tomorrow I. N. Pm Modi addressing the annual general body meeting.
For This, he has participated in various events and met the leaders of the world.
As part of that, American President Trump met trump at Houston in Houston.
Both country leaders advised about various things including two country friendship, business, trade, security, world issues, Kashmir issue, Kashmir issue.
Following this, many of the American companies participated in the bloompok world industry meeting held yesterday in New York City.
At least the Prime Minister Modi who participated in this :-
Making fuel using nuclear energy is still a challenge for India today.
This is the reason why india is not a member of nuclear distribution countries group.
If India gets that chance, it would be an example for the world.
This is how Prime Minister Modi spoke.
Nuclear distribution group controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
In this group, India continues to take various activities as a member.
Even though America and other countries supported India's arrival, China opposed that India did not sign the nuclear prohibition agreement.
However, it is remarkable that 6 companies of America will set up nuclear power plant in India last march.
Masters were found near pallipalayam.
Before yesterday (Sep., 26) in kokkaranpet bharathi nagar near namakkal district, electrical pole in namakkal district, namakkal district.
There was a pot in it.
When he constantly digging a hole, it was known that it was a lowl of masters.
Found out there were bones inside.
The Information Revenue Department went to the spot and collected the bones in the bottom.
When it is said that it is said, " it is said that it is located in the river.
So, if the archaeological department can find more historical symbols
The subject of engineering education has been renovation and upgrading the all India Technical Education Council (Aaicte) for technical education, upgrade works for technical education.
Aicte forming syllabus for engineering education institutions are following
University administration designed the syllabus for colleges along with Anna University.
In this situation, according to the guidance released by aaycde in 32 June 2019 lessons for students from engineering education this year, have chosen 3 lessons for the 3th, it was said that he had to study in the 4th semester.
There are 32 lessons in that list of technical education, values and charity, Dharma and best lifestyle, shadow picture, video taking video.
Students from the first year class of engineering guindy in Anna University campus college of engineering, school of architecture and planning, alagappa college of engineering, chrompet college of technology, chrompet they chose the lessons.
B in it. Tech (Information Technology) students selected philosophy lesson in total 12 subjects.
In The 5th unit of philosophy lesson, Bhagavad Gita regarding realizing our energy " on the title of " knowledge energy " and Krishna's advice to keep our mind under control. It's a lesson.
Meanwhile, Anna University suddenly got severe opposition in Tamil Nadu for bringing bhagwat gita as a lesson.
Dravidian party leader teacher ki says that this is against secularism and to add religious matters to secular country. Veera Mani, dmk leader thalapathi mu. K. Many parties including Stalin, educators, student organisation, writers and writers.
In this situation, Anna University suddenly protest against bringing bhagwat gita as a lesson, and it will be held on behalf of dmk student team near Anna University on coming October 1th.
Its purpose is to embrace all the people with equality
The Cultural Minister of construction minister sajith premadasa has said that it is his purpose to embrace all the people without race, religion, party pay.
During the press meet held yesterday in Colombo.
Based on this, the democratic policy declaration will be released soon.
There is no expectation to strengthen the power of fulfilling.
He said, " no relative has worked in his ministry or the companies under it.
Minister sajith premadasa mentioned that the people involved in corruption will not be linked to the presidential election campaign or political journey.
68 m for the election work of vikravandi constituency l. Hey. Dmk Chief has released the s in the field.
The election is going to be held on October 21th October 21th October 21
In that, dmk and we are competing against Congress and admk in direct.
It is said that dmk leader Stalin District Secretary Stalin District Secretary has been involved with ponmudi constituency and has given various strategies.
Number of dmk legislative members is 100. M in 68 m. L. Hey. Dmk Chief has appointed as responsible for the election work of the election work.
32 m belonging to south districts l. Hey. Stalin has exception to the s only.
That too we are asking to support Congress in neri constituency.
Vikravandi can golden as the president of the election responsibility committee, jekatratsagan m as secretary. B. P. Yum, have been appointed.
Hey. Angaiyakazhi, Salem Selvaganpti, a. K. S. S Vijayan, including people have been appointed.
And, 10 m. B. P. Also involved in election work.
During the election held alone for vellore constituency only after the parliamentary election, m. B. P. None of them are involved in dmk chief election work.
Stalin said take care of your works as usual.
Now they have assignment to them too.
C at ex-Police Commissioner's house, Bengaluru. B. P. I. Testing.
CBI is testing in Bengaluru Ex Police Commissioner's house regarding the issue of sticking the political leaders.
In Karnataka, the government led by kumaraswamy, the Bharatiya Janata Government was formed.
Yeddyurappa took his post as chief minister.
In this situation, baskarrao appointed as the police commissioner of Bengaluru City Police Commissioner, has released an audio conversation regarding the audio conversation with a party's leader for the post of commissioner.
Bharathiya Janatha complained that phone vote was asked in the rule of kumaraswamy.
Siddaramaiah, who was the coordinator of the Bharatiya Janata, his assistant and his assistant and secular janatha site party, m. L. Hey. The Bharatiya Janata Leaders continued complaining that a total of 300 people were asked for the phone conversation of 300 people and high officials.
The party leaders insisted that they should take action on this and take action.
Also Congress senior leaders mallikarjuna, sitaramaiah, former police minister m. B. P. Many including patel insisted that they should investigate this.
Kumaraswamy who explained to this issue said that he did not ask anyone's phone for vote, and the complaint is beyond truth and ready for any inquiry.
In Karnataka politics, this phone has started a huge storm.
C about this situation b. P. I. Chief Minister yeddyurappa nominated for enquiry.
C. C B. P. I. The Case has been filed and investigated.
Today c at former police commissioner alekumar's house, Bengaluru. B. P. I. Officers conducted an action test.
This test is happening on the information regarding the issue of the political leaders has saved in a pendiary.
Was that pendrive only after the test is over? Huh? It will come to know.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed today on behalf of India in the United Nations General Assembly.
At that time, he was severely against terrorism.
He remembered that he was a land where India, Buddha, Vivekananda, kaniyan poongundran.
Modi spoke: our country, no war, Buddha's peace message to the world.
This is why we always raise our voice against terrorism.
We warn that the world should not be trapped in the grip of a demon called terrorism.
3000 years ago, the best poet who lived in India was born in India, and in the oldest tamil language of the world, he said, " any town, all of you will hear
This means, we own every place.
Everyone is our relative.
This is the unique of India.
Terrorism is the only challenge for India.
We see an action against the entire world and human being.
So the whole world must gather against terrorism.
125 years ago, the best spiritual guru Swami Vivekananda gave this message to the world religions conference held in Chicago.
This is the news, " Harmony and peace is needed.
And no comments and differences.
Today, I also say the same on behalf of the world's largest democratic country.
Only 'harmony and peace' is our message to the world."
This is how modi mentioned in his speech.
In Sri Lankan presidential election, he is going to compete as the United National Party candidate of ranu.
Sri Lankan presidential election is going on November 16
Gotabaya Rajapaksa is competing as the candidate of Mahinda Rajapaksa's general jan peramuna in this election.
Parties including jvp have also announced candidates.
He was confused who is the candidate of the United National Party of prime minister ranu.
According to jail, it was said that he wanted to contest in the presidential election.
In the same way, President Maithripala Sirisena and attempts to get into the field as general candidate.
It is his belief that ranil can measure the votes of Tamils if ranil compete.
Sirisena's account is that we can easily win only if we send them to jail without competing.
But these two are not fulfilled.
Now in the United National Party, sajitha premadasa is leading as the candidate.
It is also important that the son of former president premadasa is also important.
Sajith has gathered his supporters and expressed his strength and developed as president candidate.
I was not a presidential candidate when I participated in the grand public meeting held yesterday at kaluthurai, Mattukama Pradesh.
He spoke to him with anger that I have self-respect.
Former Minister and member of legislative assembly member of the legislative assembly said that there is a danger for father periyar in Tamil Nadu.
The birthday celebration of father periyar, perari Anna's birthday celebration was celebrated on Thursday.
The patient of divya educational institutions pa. Selvarasan was headed.
Former Minister A. V. Velu spoke among students as a special guest:
Many Kings including cheran, cholan, pandian, chera, chalukya, chalukya, Krishna Deva did not tell women to read during the period.
But Periyar is the one who should read the women, their livelihood should rise, and to provide equal rights to property.
Arignar Anna has performed it.
That way, reservation for women in dmk leader kalaignar's rule, equal rights in property, Sanskrit education, qualification force came from all.
Father periyar was the reason for making all these.
There is a danger for father periyar's policy now.
While creating many doctors based on qualification through Sanskrit education, today we have been fooled in the name of neet exam.
In the program, Secretary Senthil Kumar, Vice President Pravin Kumar, Executive Advisor, preacher, Pastor Praveen Kumar were present in the program.
Polur Constituency member k. V Sekaran, former legislative members of rajendran, pandurangan, saval poondi sundaresan, Sethu Dmk City Secretary Murugan.
Chief Minister Murugan said thanks to polytechnic college.
Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation conducted various competitions for students at the world tour day celebrations conducted in Tamil Nadu hotel, Madurai.
The Chefs of this hotel had 101 foods prepared and had a show.
Had small food, Madurai Regional Foods, many types of rice, gravy, joint fries, snacks, sweets.
North State and foreign food also prepared.
They said that all types of foods available in normal hotel to five star hotels are available in Tamil Nadu hotel
One day employment camp along with interiors and seech foundation conducted in Jerusalem college, Chennai school.
More than 26 banks and bank sara financial institutions participated.
Over 7000 youngsters and students participated.
When the executive director balaji speaks to the Executive Director Balaji, I am proud that the bank companies who participated in the youth who participated in a job for more than 1500 of youth.
We organized this camp for unemployed graduate youth and students to benefit.
Other than that, we have conducted free without getting any money from students or organizations
He said, " this job camp is to continue to continue to create an unemployed community in various places.
5th phase review is being held on behalf of the Tamil Nadu Archaeological Department under sivagangai district near madurai.
Now there are 15 days to be an extra 15 days to review from last June 13th, as it will be completed on September 30
In this situation, the public people, archaeological volunteers and students are visiting from various places in Tamil Nadu.
Minister mafa pandiarajan has said that the museum will be set up to documenting the archaeological warning below.
At the beginning he told that there will be a museum in 1 crore rupees.
America insisted that India should take action quickly to loose restrictions in Jammu and release everyone in prevention custody.
Alice Wells spoke to the south and central Asian affairs in the United States in the 74th meeting of the United States:
It is sad that many people have been blocked in Jammu and Kashmir Valley.
Indian government should start political activities in amma land.
Elections should be conducted quickly as already confirmed.
We should loose restrictions in Jammu and release those who are in prevention custody.
The Indian government should take steps for this. So Alice Wells insisted.
Earlier there was an information that America President Donald Trump wants to do central spot on Jammu and Kashmir issue.
For this there was a severe protest in the India.
Then America returned their opinion.
Following this pm modi went to America to participate in the un general assembly meeting.
Modi and Donald Trump participated in houdi modi show in Houston City.
Then they joined in different events.
At that time, trump praised the father of India as Prime Minister Modi.
In this situation America has given pressure to India on Kashmir issue.
The Aydi Council meeting has been decided that the fee has been increased by 10 times in all technical educational institutions of India.
Aydi educational institution is an important role in creating talented students all over India.
Aydi Council meeting was held under the leadership of 23 aydi educational institutions which were functioning under the central government's human development department on 28.9.2019 under the leadership of Central Minister Ramesh Pokhari.
The decision taken in the meeting makes the students and the public shocked.
M in aydi companies deck. The decision has been taken to raise fees for education 10 times.
Rs. for semester in all aydi in India. Starting Rs. 20,000 tuition fee is being charged only till 50,000
In this situation, that payment has been raised up to 2 lakh rupees per year.
Among the 12 students who are studying in the first year of 2019-2020th academic year 9,280 students are eligible to receive scholarship. M. Tech., has been decided to stop the monthly scholarship given to students. 12,400
To Reduce the funds offered by central government to Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, karakpur, Kanpur, roorgy, Guwahati, Guwahati.
The Central Government has raised fees to collect funds from students to deal with this reduced funds.
Moreover, those companies have been advised to perform development works with the amount available through construction works that the technical educational institutions can do, buy loan in the bank, amount of corporate companies it is said that the ministry has been advised.
Since BJP came to power, it is preventing education to education to the common people, the fund for primary education was reduced in 2015, following the financial status report in the fund for education in every financial statements. It was reducing.
Next to this, in order to do more facilities for private educational institutions, big employers are given the educational institutions.
In this situation, the new education policy, the educational institutions have imposed various terms to run in the fund of private institutions.
By This, only the comfortable people have been involved in the state of education to higher education to higher education and taking India's prosperous future as an uneducated country after many centuries.
Former IAS officer camphor sundarapandiyan to release the book of art daughter magazine teacher kelaimpur sankara subramaniyam, former IAS OFFICER CAMPHOR SUNDARAPANDIYAN.
Late "Cartoonist" Ranu called s. K. Book release ceremony written by ramanujam on Sunday at Chennai Russian culture centre.
For this festival, Secretary of India-Russian trade association b. Thangappan got the head.
In the program, to release the first book of art daughter magazine teacher kelaimpur sankara subramaniyam, former IAS officer also the head income r. Camphor Sundara Pandian has received.
In the event, the one who participated as a special guest, who participated as a special guest :-
The late cartoonist ranu was the best of the cartoonist.
Ranu cartoon has created lots of students through research and education foundation.
In General, even one who is celebrated by the world is not celebrated by family.
Instead of this, it is proud that the cartoonist ranu has brought out the book he wrote, and after he wrote.
Even though ranu hides, he would have lived through his works and through this book for a long time
When Kelaambur Shankara Subramaniam speaks, s. K. He was the leading comedy artist of India.
He travelled around the world and offered fun training.
He was a new artist in the making fun creation.
Ranu was not only in painting, but also in cartoonista and animason.
For the last 30 years, according to the Indian environment, he has done a mock art study.
He said, " he will live long through the students who were created by his writings and his writings.
Ranu Cartoon Research and coordinator of education foundation bhupathi said thank you.
Good brother, TV admin c. Peraira, including many participated.
Dmk has questioned the chief minister edappadi palanisamy how many the obstacles built in the admk rule for the last 8 years.
In the statement given by that party's Treasurer Durai Murugan, the chief minister has criticized that the chief minister is blabbering without knowing any details about the public works department.
Dmk Treasurer Durai Murugan has said in his report, the water that is opened in cauvery, a. T. Mu. Due to the concern of the government, it is wasted in the sea due to lack of administrative skills.
On the way to pass through cauvery, to prevent it and save it. T. Mu. K. Our leader mu says that the government does not have any item plan. K. Stalin has released his concern for the responsibility as opposition leader of the Tamil Nadu Assembly.
Edappadi Palanisamy, thought that he would answer the Chief Minister, said, " the one who is blaming us. Mu. K. in their rule, have they built at least one block in cauvery?"
" I want to inform him, the. Mu. We have built a block in the party's rule in kaveri in kaveri.
Can the chief minister edappadi palanisamy, who has kept the public work department in his charge, can we speak outside the truth?
The water of the earth rose in the area because of the barrier built in mayanur.
So Agriculture Flourish.
So we can see thousands of agricultural citizens who are useful today and enjoy thanking the party government forever.
As per that period, a block was built by the party government in mayanur.
At that time, there was no need to build any dam.
If needed, the artist who was the chief minister would have given permission to it immediately and took funds and broke the job.
So, edapadi does not have any sense to blame the party government in the welfare of cauvery.
I ask; a. T. Mu. How many dam have you built in cauvery in the last eight years of ka rule?
Another question; we have built more than 40 dams in Tamil Nadu during dmk regime.
This happened to a car. T. Mu. Can you point at least one dam built in ka governments?
Don't lie.
Please inform with evidence that if there is no response to the opposition leader, we are planning to build a block or we are planning to build.
Leave it, the. Mu. Speaking outside the truth that cauvery was not built in cauvery, it may be beautiful if personal edappadi wants, for the post of the Chief Minister, it is not a decent act, it is not a decent act or beauty. Durai Murugan said, " I am obliged
The State Bank of India has decided to determine the interest on repo based on October 1th.
Considering the economic growth of the country, the reserve bank has reduced 1.1 percent of short term loan interest (Reppo) in 4 installments.
However, there is a complaint that banks did not pay half of it to customers.
At present banks are determined interest in mclr mode.
From October 1th, the reserve bank has ordered to implement the interest rate on the basis of interest rate, which is issued to get short term loan rate, which will be short term loan.
According to this, the state bank of India (SBI) has announced that the state bank (SBI) has decided to determine home, vehicle loans and small and medium business loans from October 1
The Sri Lanka administrative service association has decided to temporarily suspended its trade union activities.
The Association's President of the association has announced that this decision was held tomorrow with the cabinet Deputy Committee and the application for the application for the presidential election post.
Based on this, he published confidence that the administration service works including department, immigration, Immigration Department, motor vehicle transport commissioner department.
Pradad Chandra Keerthi said that the government administrative service association will be expected to get positive regarding his pay conflict in the meeting held tomorrow with the ministry of the ministry of the cabinet.
Cricket match between Pakistan teams today.
The first match of one day match between Sri Lanka and pakistan cricket teams is started today in Karachi.
This competition will begin at 3.30 pm in Sri Lanka time.
A match between these two countries is happening in Pakistan after 10 years.
The Sri Lankan team's manager of Sri Lankan team has been satisfied with the security given to the Sri Lankan teams in Pakistan.
He reported that the security or equal protection given to one of the government leader has been given to the Sri Lankan cricket team.
One day international match between Sri Lankan team and Pakistan teams will be held in one day international matches.
Michael Kavap and yowilson were appointed by the international cricket council in one day tournament.
There was technical disorder in the flight of Malaysia, found when he went to the runway.
174 passengers survived as the plane stopped.
Malindo flight comes to trichy daily at 10.35 pm from Malaysia Capital Kuala Lumpur.
Then leaving trichy to Kuala Lumpur at 11.25 pm.
As usual, before yesterday night, the plane came to trichy.
After that flight started from trichy to Kuala Lumpur.
There were 174 passengers on the plane.
When he went on the runway, pilot found out there was technical disorder in the plane's eleminator.
He took this and stopped the plane on the runway.
Then the plane was brought to the airport to the airport.
Engineers were involved in fixing the technical disorder.
The passengers were sitting on the air for two hours.
But all passengers were dropped out of the plane because there was unsolved by the technical disorder.
After this, 138 passengers were placed in a private hotel.
The other passengers returned to their homes when they had changed their flight dates and cancel the flight tickets.
If we had gone out with technical disorder in this incident, there may have been a flight accident.
But the pilot found the technical problem at the right time, the plane did not go out.
It is important that 174 passengers survived.
This situation, the technical problem caused by the plane was fixed.
After taking this, the flight went to Kuala Lumpur yesterday evening at 5 PM.
Indian Health Department has informed that more than 5 thousand people have been affected by dengue fever spread by ' Ades in India.
In Tamilnadu and puducherry, more than thousand people have been affected by dengue fever.
Dengue fever is spreading fast in tamilnadu and pondicherry.
Indian media has said that a 12-Year-old girl and the student in krishnagiri died day before yesterday.
135 people are admitted and treated in chennai government hospital.
It is raining in various places in Tamil Nadu for the past few days.
After taking this, special groups are set up on behalf of municipal administration and health department all over tamilnadu, dengue fever activities are being monitored.
That Country's health department has advised the victims of dengue fever to get treatment in government hospital.
Time for aadhar linking with pan number dec. Extension up to 31
The time to link aadhaar number with permanent income tax account number (Pan number) has been extended till December 31
This is the seventh time to extend the opportunity for the pan-Aadhaar connection with the central direct tax board (CBT).
The Central Government has already extended this opportunity for 6 months from last March 31 to September 30
This period is now extended for 3 months.
Indian Unique Identity Commission (Uayda) provides 12-digit identification number to each citizens of India.
Income Tax Department provides identity number and writing number (Pan number) for individual and company who pays income tax number (Pan number) to the income tax number).
The Central direct taxes board to connect aadhaar number with income tax number was announced on July 1th July 2017
After that, the time for Aadhar-Pan connection has been extended several times.
Meanwhile, the supreme court questioned the case against providing aadhar card to citizens, the aadhaar plan will go legally.
Also, the supreme court has decided that aadhar number is mandatory to pay income tax.
Meanwhile filing a income tax account, it was enough to mention aadhar number instead of pan number, it was announced on 5th July 5th July.
Dmk leader mu is the lower exposing the lower exposing Tamil culture of tamil culture. K. Stalin visited person today and visited.
The lifestyle told by sangam period literature is the life of Tamil people who lived as blood and flesh; under the result revealed that it is not fiction.
In North Ganga River, city civilization started in 6th century.
But in the south vaigai river in the south vaigai river, tamilians lived the highest city life; under the evidence is scientifically proved that tamilians lived a great and prosperous life in literacy knowledge.
Lower excavation results have created to edit the history of Indian sub continent.
Many people are visiting the bottom study site which can give pride to every tamil.
Recently, the chief coordinator of naam tamilar party, seeman visited the bottom excavation place.
Following him today dmk leader m. K. Stalin went down and visited the excavation places.
Cbm with him. B. P. S. A lot of people went to venkatesan and dmk's leading administrators.
Regarding this, Stalin uploaded a video on his twitter page, when he visited the civilization of Tamil people before 2600 years ago
Trump asks an investigation to the president of Ukraine!
The White House confirms that the information is true that the former Vice President of Ukraine has been asked by Donald Trump's President Joe Biden, who is likely to enquiry against the presidential candidate on behalf of the democratic party.
This is said that it is wrong act to give pressure to other country and inquire about the American leader, and the decision to remove eligibility against trump in the democratic party on behalf of the democratic party.
Regarding this, the speaker of representatives assembly has been set up by 6 Committee on the order and the investigation of the President's action.
In this situation, trump said that Ukraine president volodimir jelenski has contacted on last July 25, so conduct enquiry
The White house has officially published the report of what they spoke to the white house yesterday.
So it is agreed that this conversation was true.
At the same time Donald Trump spoke to the reporters out of the United Nations meeting, this request was presented friendly.
The President of Ukraine has not given any pressure.
But one thing to be noticed, the us government suddenly stopped financial assistance worth about 400 million dollars given to Ukraine.
After some time later, the fund was allocated.
Democratic Party people are making knot with this and this comment that trump spoke to the president.
So this incident has started to storm in American politics.
Joe Biden, son, Hunter 2014, Aprall, was appointed as a member of the payment board of purisma holdings of Ukraine.
It is remarkable that this company has involved in natural gas extraction in Ukrainian penalia, which is linked by Russia.
The Investigation Officer has been dismissed for inquiry complaint against purisma holdings company.
The Republican party accuses that there is Joe Biden's hand line.
However, Hunter refuses his father for his father for his business.
In the presence of school education minister sengottaiyan, the issue of the government officer has caused a huge area.
Minister sengottaiyan inaugurated drinking water projects at sleep near Gopi, erode district.
When the press were taking pictures of him, the assistant secretary of the Tamil Nadu drinking water drainage board was standing in trouble with them.
Because of this, the press raised their voice, sir, please stay away
And he said to him, " whom are you trying to push, and he was you a great man
The Minister sengottaiyan who knew that he is in alcohol, ordered him to get rid of there immediately.
After this, the high officials were not to be in the festival of Pearl, but immediately chased away.
However, more than 15 journalists were involved in road demanding department action on the assistant secretary muthulingam.
The Minister who was informed about this, sengottaiyan, the high officials of the Tamil Nadu drinking water drainage board, erode district, has bought the courage to come to the government festival after drinking alcohol.
Also, he asked to dismiss the pearl link.
Minister pandiarajan said that he has got historical trails to establish the fame of under the world in 5
Minister of jeyakandan, khadi and village industries board. In the presence of bhaskaran, Tamil language and tamil culture minister k. When pandiarajan visited and informed the press:
Keezhadi 5 is a turning point in Tamil Nadu's historical research in Tamil Nadu.
Ki under the bottom. 6st century bc it is a prosperous part till 1th century.
With the current certificates, the city of vaigai river is found in this study.
It has decided that the scientific calculations of Tamil-Brahmin's period is 100 years old. K. K in 6th century Tamil Nadu is known as a literative society.
Moreover, the 70 bone pieces exposed by this study have been sent to deccan college, the post and research institution to analyse based on science.
These seventy pieces were identified in the pakupay, Buffalo, Buffalo, goat, wild pig, and peacock were identified by the peacock.
The animals of cow, Buffalo, and goat are used to help agriculture, and some of the animals like kalaiman, bat, forest pig, and wild pig, etc.
Due to the result of analysis, the sangam society, the first of agriculture were doing veterinary growth.
The models of bricks based on lime, ceiling tiles and graveyard which are sent to analysis of the vellore technology university.
Each of these are found in this study such as silica soil, lica soil, iron, iron, aluminium and magnesium.
The Museum in the main place to protect such rare types of Tamil scholars, students, students and public are rs. Works are undergoing on at 20 crore assessment.
And The 5th phase of excavator work will be extended for two weeks and continue to work.
In the same way, in the next year, the 6th phase of excavator work is going to work with the central government with the central government. Pandiarajan, expressed it.
Manamadurai Legislative Assembly member s in this event many participated including nagarajan, former parliamentary member centhilnathan, Assistant Director of archaeological department, protector wish brother, thirupuvanam taluk raja and government officials.
On behalf of Andhra Club, asiana shubham, on behalf of the elderly people's clothing parade, dance and song celebration on behalf of Andhra club.
A 92 year old grandmother danced and danced for Bombay song.
Actress Ambika, singer l gifts to ramanan couple selected as best elderly couple. R. Aesthetic, poornima kumar presented.
Virgo eventz ornima kumar organized for events.
BUSINESSMAN NALLA KUPPUSAMY CHETTY, actress Ambika, singer l. R. Aeswari participated and gave prize to the elderly people who won the competition.
15 grandma participated in the fashion show.
Haripriya got first place.
Surekha, Radhika 2, 3th place.
Beautiful grandparents wear fashion dresses.
The 2st place, and the 2th place.
Susan, kala and vanaja won the best dance grandma.
Ramanan couple took first place in Mr, Mrs. Chennai competition, Srinivasan-palambal couple took 2th place.
The elderly family attended and encouraged them.
92-Year-old lalitha goat played aadi for Bombay song.
Virgo Evans Poornima Kumar announced that old man's day should be celebrated as Valentine's day like Valentine's day.
Labour Commissioner muthu manickam participated in the international labour organization meeting.
The International Labour organization is the only third party which has been held in the United Nations.
Labour laws in all the world are written based on the traditions and recommendations of the United Nations International Labour Organization.
Review of such traditions and suggestions will be held till 27th at the international labour organization complex in Geneva City of Switzerland.
This meeting will discuss, discuss, discuss and send it to the suggestion of the government council.
Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner Muthu Manickam, Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner Muthu Gem, has participated in this meeting.
International Unions from 187 countries, employment war and governments are participating in this kissing meeting.
A Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner for this kind of work has been reported in a news note published by Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner of India.
In this situation, actor vijay's father and director s to participate in a program held in kanyakumari district. Hey. Chandrasekhar came to tuticorin today from Chennai to tuticorin.
At that time, about what vijay spoke, a. T. Mu. It was also asked about the protest against the ka.
He replied to him, " when he was on the road, the banner fell down and died in an accident.
Everyone is talking about this incident.
Thus, vijay also spoke about one thing that everyone is talking about.
I asked the question why the court has not yet arrested those involved in the case of suba sri?"
In this situation, ministers and a only for the opinion of vijay. T. Mu. To the person who doesn't know why ka is opposing, " are you aware of Vijay's stage speech to come to politics?"
He said, " I don't know anything.
He left him, " let him go urgently
Deputy Chief Minister O. Panneer Selvam today inspected the residential apartments of Tamil Nadu hut area in chennai raja annamalai, vallieswaran temple garden area and asked for the flaws of the public.
The 488 apartments that were built in 1979-80 were very old.
After breaking the old apartments, accepted the request of residents to build new apartments, and assured that the jobs will be started and confirmed that new apartments will be completed.
Rs. In 67.89 crore project evaluation, breaking old apartments with 200 sq ft area, 400 sq ft area, a bedroom, a welcome room, a kitchen, a bathroom, a bathroom and a toilet Deputy Chief Minister has announced that apartments will be built soon under the house plan for everyone.
As the contract points for this project have been finalised, he said that the current apartments will be demolished and building new apartments will be implemented quickly.
Till then, the Deputy Chief Minister has ordered the chennai corporation officials and chennai corporation officials of the concerned to maintain the pot clean and health.
So far 6 lakh houses have been built for the poor people who are not homeless, and everyone will be built within 2023 Panneer Selvam said.
Ravi M. L. A. and the officers went.
Karnataka music competition for young artists on behalf of indra siva sailam foundation.
As a preview of the annual Indira Shiva Sailam Foundation concert in Madras Music Academy, Indira Siva Sailam foundation conducted the music Academy, the music Academy, which was conducted by Indira Siva Sailam Foundation.
The Music Academy of Karnataka " competition introduced in 2018 " The Music Academy to school of Karnataka " to school of Karnataka " competition introduced in 2018 in the presence of receivers a site to express their talents in karnataka music.
Participants of anvesha balvidhawan competition, were asked to upload their talent and performance in a video form of indira siva sailam foundation in karnataka music.
This year, Tamilnadu, Andhra, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and u. S. S a, almost 100 contestants, including a few participants from the middle east countries have uploaded and participated.
Prof Rita Rajan, Dr. Rita Rajan, Dr. R. S. S JAYALAKSHMI, teacher group members from the music academy advanced school of karnatic music and Dr. Siva Sailam Foundation of this year. Pandula Rama are included.
This year, the competition for artists from the 16-20-Year-Year-old division were introduced, except the age of artists until the age of 10-15 years old.
The participants in 3 categories of this event have revealed their skills in a great manner.
Those who were announced that anvesha won the 2019 competition are as follows:
Swathi, dhruv s. They have won the kamatchi amhalf new and Apollo seshadri in the vattiyakaruvi.
R in the vocal instrument for artists from 16 years old to 20 years old. T. Siam Raghav has won.
Dr. Bandula Rama, Dr. Bandula Rama, Prof Rita Rajan, Dr. R. S. S Sunita Subramanian from jayalakshmi and indira siva sailam foundation presented awards to winners.
The audience and participants who came to watch this event appreciated the efforts of indra siva sailam foundation in the form of art and protecting the growing artists.
Bill Gates Foundation Award for Indian girl who fought against child marriage.
A 17-Year-Year-old girl from Rajasthan has been awarded to the bill gates foundation on behalf of Bill Gates Foundation for fighting against child marriage and child labour methods.
Rajasthan State 100 km from jaipur girl payal jangid from hinsla village me far away (17).
He made a serious propaganda against the child marriage and child labor system in his village.
He made this campaign in some of the villages of his village.
So many of those areas were prevented marriages.
He was awarded on behalf of bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to honor this act of Paul.
In this situation, this award ceremony was held on Tuesday night in New York City of America.
Deputy General Secretary Amina J Payal Jangid received the "Chmaker" award from Mohammad.
After receiving the award, " there were many problems in our village.
Especially the girl children will not be sent out and make study.
They will get married when they were young.
My family decided to marry me when I was young.
At that time, I approach a social activist and made my father peace.
When we took it, we took it against the child marriage, asking children to send children to school, and to school.
We went to every house and made awareness about this.
It is important that every child has to give the opportunity to raise his life.
The general apology period has been announced again in Jordan for 2 months.
The foreign employment office has announced that this general apology period will be held till 29th September 22th November 29
Foreign workers who go to Jordan with business visa can return to the country without visa during this public apology period.
However, the embassy has announced that the foreign nationals who are illegally staying illegally after the visa approval is over, after the visa approval is completed.
This kind of general apology has been announced to leave there to foreigners who are illegally in Jordan in Jordan.
Is BJP taking the caste politics in Tamil Nadu?
Anyway in Tamil Nadu, if it is not able to keep lotus to keep lotus bloom, at last it is said that the caste politics in the hands.
When Modi was the prime minister for the first time, it was in a situation to abandon lotus in Tamil Nadu.
After this, for the 2th time, I mean during the mp election, " don't know what to do. Amit Shah said that lotus flower should be solved in Tamil Nadu
However, the soil was finished in the 5 constituencies of contested.
Even though the whole country is liked by BJP, the opposition wave is only in Tamil Nadu.
This is above all triple talaq, Kashmir issue, hindi stuffing, one nation one language.
As all these things are together, it is still found in the wall.
That is why bjp chief is in anger against tamilnadu bjp administrators and because of this there is a problem that there is still a state leadership.
Even though this is on one side, BJP is planning to let BJP leave BJP in Tamil Nadu somehow within the upcoming assembly elections.
For that, it seems that BJP leadership has come to an end through direct field report, intelligence report.
According to that, whether it is admk or dmk or dmk, the thought that 2 Dravidian parties do not give enough importance to nadar community people, and devendra community people, and devendra community people.
Because of this it is said that they are sad about dravidian parties.
This heat is what BJP has started to implement this heat in his hands.
He decided to honor the community to honor, or to honor the community.
Tamilisai Soundararajan's appointment is also such a governor of Telangana.
Similarly, it is said that the BJP government has given importance to the nadar who are in high position in isro.
If BJP acts to honor every race like this, it is true that it will make the people get pride and happiness for those community.
Moreover, something that does not matter will make BJP in this caste politics.
At the same time, when Tamil Nadu has become small behind in caste politics, it is not sure if these activities of BJP will become like blowing more oil in the burning fire.
It is true that if the caste fire starts burning, it is true that even the lotus bud which is blooming in Tamil Nadu will also be burnt in the same fire!
Wage worker was killed by drinking alcohol near villupuram.
Near villupuram valavanur, the young water was killed by a knife and the wages worker was killed.
There was tension because the assistant inspector who went to catch the criminal was attacked by a knife.
The Son of a beggar from kerangaram colony area near villupuram, near villupuram (28).
Wage worker.
The Son of kasinathan from the same area (33).
They are often involved in the area of drinking alcohol and in the conflict.
On them, there are cases in valavanur police station.
In this situation, the aiyanar who is doing tender coconut business, drinking alcohol at night and kept a customer to threaten the public regularly.
In this way, the person who left drinking alcohol on Saturday evening, took the coconut cutting knife and threatened the cell on the road.
Then, when he went to the house of his house, and he broke him at home.
He suddenly cut off, with a knife, with a knife.
He died on the spot of the blood of the blood.
After this, he turned out on the road to drive away the public with a knife.
Valanur Assistant Police Inspector Manikandan and police went fast and tried to catch him.
At that time, the assistant inspector was injured when he was attacked by a knife.
And immediately he was admitted to the private hospital.
After taking this, the police took the police and took it to the police station.
Villupuram DSP J who knows the information about the incident. Shankar, valavanur police inspector nandagopal and police went fast and visited the place of murder.
Police security was put on the fear of the murder at kengaram camp, Pondicherry State border area.
In the name of report, valavanur police filed a murder case and arrested and arrested and investigating him.
Road Safety Camp and awareness rally was held on behalf of new prince sri bhavani arts and science college and chennai metropolitan transport police department (Madipakkam Traffic Police).
Director of new prince sri bhavani arts and science college prabhakaran welcomes all.
Master's Chief Minister v. Karunanidhi, Chief Minister v. Uma Devi, Deputy Chief Minister a. Afternoon Pius Paceli, including the lead.
Vice President of new prince education committee l. Naveen Prasad inaugurated the leadership of road safety awareness camp.
Madipakkam Traffic Police Inspector Siva Shankar participated as a special guest and inaugurated awareness rally and presented the guidance to the students of road safety rules.
When he talks, the need of road rules should be started from students because parents and this society is believing them.
Most affected by road accidents youth, such awareness programs should be conducted in school and colleges to prevent this.
Everyone should shop to save your life instead of traffic rules.
Students must wear helmet while driving on two wheeler, never use cellphone while driving.
Bay vehicles have to run after learning the road rules properly.
Vehicle drivers should provide enough cooperation to traffic police.
If every college administration continues to watch students following road rules, they can save the priceless lives of students.
The future of the country is in the hands of youth. Protecting such youth is an essential duty to traffic police and the public.
Assistant Inspector Ravikumar, chief police were participated in this camp.
42 years completed today after losing his life in professor channel vibile.
In front of the national pharmaceutical policy has lost his life in front of the national pharmacy policy.
She was murdered in a mysterious manner in Guyana Island.
He is the first professor of this country in medical department.
Professor Army Vibile worked as the first peradeniya altar in peradeniya university.
The person who has expressed the things related to drug sales of the country's Multi-National Companies, has various pressure by these sellers.
Due to the medicines imported to the country in various names, the loss to the government is crores of rupees.
Because of this he showed the necessity of National Pharmacy to the government.
He served to give 335 medications needed for patients with reasonable price and high quality.
Due to this activity, he has become a lot of various companies.
The Mystery of his death has never been revealed.
In The United Nations Assembly, Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not pronounce any word regarding the issue of Jammu and Kashmir issue.
74th session of the United Nations Council is currently undergoing on.
In this day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the behalf of India today.
During his speech, he called the world to unite against terrorism.
Then he remembered the word of the Lord, the Lord of the city, and all the city was heard.
India is giving huge contribution towards solution in the world warming issue, and India's contribution to world warming is less, Modi proudly said that the solution is high.
Government of India is taking extreme effort to make a country without plastic use.
He told that the great health insurance scheme is being implemented in India.
All the town will listen. I am. N. Modi has spoken a wonderful opinion to the world in the assembly
But in his speech he didn't mention anything regarding the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
The reason for this, the central government has a strong end that Jammu and Kashmir is the domestic issue of India.
In the state of Pakistan wants to be an international issue, it is planned and the political viewers say that modi has not spoken any word regarding Jammu and Kashmir.
By This, the message has been given to the world countries of Kashmir is the domestic issue of India.
2,993 tribal people have passed the writing exam held in Kerala.
A 85-year old old woman also passed.
According to the last 2011 Census, 93.91 % of the people in Kerala had literacy.
Kerala state government is taking efforts to make this 100 percent.
For This, State Literacy Commission has been set up.
This commission is conducting classes and exam for people's literacy in every district.
This commission is taking serious efforts to provide literacy to tribal people, fishermen and migrated workers.
In this situation, literacy classes were conducted from last February for people in wayanad district, and recently selected was conducted.
This exam was 100 marks; 30 marks were reserved for reading skills, and 40 marks for writing skills and 30 marks for mathematics.
It is mandatory to get 30 marks to pass this exam.
3,090 tribal people from wayanad district participated in this exam.
Literacy Commission has announced that 2,993 of them have passed.
One of them is 85 year old woman.
27th term books and note books for students studying in government and government assistance. School Education Director S TO PROVIDE 3 the eye has ordered.
Regarding this, he sent to all district chief educational officers, district education officers on Wednesday:
Priceless note books are given to all districts through tnpl for government and government help schools.
Like this second seasonal books were sent through Tamil Nadu textbooks.
All District primary education officers sep to all government and government assistance schools in their district. Books and notes should be provided by 30th.
Moreover, the students have said that students should be advised to provide note books and note books on the first day of school on the first day of school.
