Today is the day to learn international information.
In this regard, the Ministry of Mass Media has announced the month of Information.
The 15th of this month will start from next month till the 15th of next month.
A number of programmes will be implemented during this period to encourage the implementation of the Right to Information Act.
Sri Lanka's Information Act, 2016 will be widely circulated in the Parliament.
This has been a step towards further strengthening democracy.
At present, this law has been standardized as the fourth law in the world.
The use of plastics has been banned at the BJP headquarters in Delhi.
There is a ban on single use plastic items such as water bottles.
India is now preparing for the next election campaign.
Elections will be held in Maharashtra and Haryana on 21st of next month.
The results are due to be announced on the 24th of the same month.
All the parties are now actively preparing for this.
At this stage, a meeting of the Election Committee on behalf of the BJP was held in Delhi.
Prime Minister Modi, BJP National President Amit Shah and BJP National Executive Chairman JP Nadda were also involved in the consultation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, had earlier held discussions with the Bajpayee Electoral Committee in March.
Later, in his Independence Day speech, he spoke of avoiding plastic products.
He called for avoiding single use plastic.
At present, there is a ban on single use plastic items at the BJP headquarters.
Most importantly, water bottles have been dropped altogether.
Water bottles have not been used in the BJP meeting today.
Instead, the people who come there are being given water in the glass jar.
The move is said to have taken place at the request of Prime Minister Modi.
It is noteworthy that many Netizens have expressed their appreciation for the move.
Gulalai Ismail hails from Pakistan.
A social activist, he has been voicing his opposition to child marriage, violence against women, hubris and oppression since childhood.
In some areas, including Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan province, the Pakistani Army has posted photos of sexual harassment of tribal Pashtun women and girls on social media.
As a result, Gulalai has been charged with "treason" and police are actively trying to arrest him.
But Gulalai Ismail, with the help of friends and relatives, fled Pakistan and sought refuge in the US.
The day before yesterday, Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan addressed the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
"There are no militant organisations in Pakistan, so we all have to unite against terrorism," he said.
Police are investigating the incident in which a young man who used his cell phone as a charger was hit by electricity.
Ramakrishnan hails from Oddapalli near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district.
His son (27 years old).
He worked as a tower manager in a prominent private mobile phone company.
Yesterday afternoon, Devendran put a cell phone charger in his house and was watching it.
At that time, there was a sudden power outage and electricity was flowing over Devendran.
He was badly injured when he was thrown into it and died tragically.
The Pallipalayam police came to the scene and conducted an investigation.
Devendran's body was then sent to Pallipalayam Government Hospital for post-mortem.
A complaint was filed at the Pallipalayam police station.
Police have filed a case and are conducting an investigation.
This incident has created a stir in the area.
The Supreme Court has categorically stated that it will not give a day after October 18 to present arguments in the Ayodhya case.
The Supreme Court is hearing appeals filed against the Allahabad High Court's decision in Ayodhya case.
The hearing has been held in the Supreme Court on a daily basis since the 6th of last month.
The court has directed that the arguments be completed by October 18.
A bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi is hearing the case.
An additional one-hour hearing has been held since last Monday.
During yesterday's debate, the Islamic organizations objected to the report issued by the Archaeological Department in 2003.
Commenting on this, the judges said, "If there is any objection to the report of the Archaeological Department, you may have raised it in the Allahabad High Court.
There you will get relief under the law.
We will not allow it to be raised here. "
The Ayodhya case came up for hearing again today.
The Islamic organizations said that if the Archaeological Survey objected to the report and wasted court time, we would apologise.
The lawyer for the Islamic organizations has not lost the right to question the archaeological report.
However, the judges said that the evidence could not be evaluated after it was accepted by the court.
The judges reiterated that the arguments in the Ayodhya case should be completed by October 18 and accordingly the Hindu and Muslim parties should specify the time frame for conclusion of their arguments.
The judges said that they could not give a day to present arguments after October 18, and it would be better if the case were to be settled in four weeks.
Since the holidays come in October, Hindu organizations have said that only one lawyer will be allowed to present arguments on the part of the Hindu organizations.
The Chief Minister of Uttarakhand, Trivendra Singh, has been indifferent to the fact that if we increase the dose of dengue fever, nothing else will be done.
About 4800 people have been diagnosed with dengue fever in Uttarakhand.
Officials have confirmed that 3,000 people in Dehradun and 1,100 in Haldwani have been affected by dengue so far.
In addition, four of them died in Dehradun and two in Haldwani.
According to the State Health Department report, as of September 17, eight people have died.
After this, Trivendra Singh bluntly asked a reporter about the rising incidence of mosquito-borne diseases in the state of Uttarakhand, saying, "Patients suffering from dengue are going to get cured by taking paracetamol as a substitute for 500ml dose of dosage, 650 ml of gram of dosage, and relaxing a little."
The incident of mysterious explosions in the pooja room near Tiruvallur and the killing of a priest has created a stir in the area.
Govindaraj (45 years old) lived in the sovereign Mangalam area next to Tiruvallur.
The couple did not get married.
We also know about Siddha, Jyoti and Yoga.
He hails from Nanganallur in Chennai, where he bought an acre of land 15 years ago and settled alone.
He used to grow herbal plants around the house.
Last Saturday, Lavanya, a young girl from Besant Nagar, came to Govindaraj's house and stayed there.
Last evening, Sage Govindaraj was doing the pooja in the pooja room of his house.
Then suddenly the mysterious object exploded with a terrifying sound.
In this case, Govindaraj was burnt to the ground.
He ran out of the house screaming.
When Lavanya came out of the adjoining room to hear the sound, Govindaraj was shocked to find her body black.
Govindaraj, who suffered severe burns to his body, was tragically killed at the scene.
On hearing the news, Mappedu police rushed to retrieve Govindaraj's body and sent it to Tiruvallur Government Hospital for post-mortem.
When the mysterious object exploded, Lavanya was lucky to have been in a nearby room.
What is the object that exploded in the pooja room?
I don't know if it's a bomb.
Forensic evidence at the scene was collected by forensic expert Nalina and officers led by Deputy Police Superintendent Harini.
They have sent it for research.
What was the object that exploded in the pooja room only after the end of it?
In addition, blood is scattered in the pooja room.
The police suspect that there is no possibility of blood clotting during the fire.
Govindaraj has decided to conduct further inquiries with the result of physical examination.
An investigation is also underway into the girl who was staying with her.
The incident of mysterious explosions in the pooja room and the killing of a priest has created a stir in the area.
The CPCIT police are investigating the case against him in the NEET exam.
The day before yesterday, UdidSurya and his father Venkatesan were arrested and interrogated at the Theni CPCID office.
D South Regional Superintendent Vijayakumar and Deputy Superintendent Hardwin Jagadish Kumar and Theni CPCIT Inspector Chitra Devi conducted an investigation and filed a statement in due course.
Later, the medical examination was completed and they appeared before Theni Criminal Justice Tribunal Judge Panneerselvam at 8.15pm last night.
Actor Sasi Kumar is shooting for the film. Patients in a government hospital who are suffering from it?
All the patients inside the hospital were greatly affected by the noise.
Many people watched, including night-time doctors, nurses and staff.
On enquiry, it was found that all the ambulances were used as shooting for a new film starring actor Sasi Kumar and directed by Ponram.
Actor Sasi Kumar is said to have not received formal permission from the hospital management for the shooting.
Immediately, the people there intercepted the ambulances and argued with the film crew.
Knowing this, the police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning.
But they said the crew had gone there before.
We contacted the film crew to explain the incident.
However, it is not possible to communicate.
Yesterday, the statue of Nataraja recovered from Australia was placed at Kulasekhara temple in Kallidaikurichi.
The temple of Samedha Kulasekhara is the heroine of Kallidaikurichi Aranery School in Tirunelveli district.
In this ancient temple, the two-and-a-half feet tall statue of Nataraja, Sivakami Ambala, Manikkavasal and Sribalanathar were looted in 1982.
These statues were found in the Australian Museum.
The statue was recovered and brought to Tamil Nadu under the leadership of Special Officer Pon Manickavel of the Prevention of Cruelty to the statue.
Following the order of the Kumbakonam court, Kallidaikurichi was brought yesterday morning.
The statue in a police van was greeted by people in Kallidaikurichi with panchavadyam.
The statue was then placed in the window of the Kulasekhara temple.
Special Officer Pon Manickavel said: We will soon find three other statues, including the stolen Shivakami Ambala.
Those involved in the incident will be arrested soon, he added.
CPCID police have arrested three more medical students and their father in connection with the recruitment of NEET.
Uditsurya and her father Dr. Venkatesan, who are working at Stanley Hospital in Chennai, have been arrested in connection with the matter of impersonation of NEET.
As they continue to be questioned, Dr. Venkatesan was suspended yesterday.
In the meantime, CPCID police were conducting an intensive investigation into the matter of recruitment.
Three medical students from Kancheepuram were trapped yesterday and today three more students have been arrested.
Abhirami, Praveen and Rahul from Krishnagiri and Villupuram Medical Colleges and their father have been arrested and interrogated by CPCID police today.
Six middlemen have been arrested in the matter.
It is said that CPCID is now taking action on the basis of his testimony during the investigation conducted by Udit Surya's father.
The CPCID side has been informed that a series of shocking reports are being released on the issue of NEET exam impersonation.
President Maithripala Sirisena said that the country's emergence of a system of street demonstration for graduates coming out of universities is due to a system of education that has distanced itself from science, technology and research.
Therefore, it is important to introduce and implement the new education systems of the developed countries of the world by making necessary fundamental changes in the national education policy.
This was stated by the President while addressing the second phase of the 'Shilpa Sena' exhibition that started yesterday (25) at the Galella National Stadium in Polonnaruwa.
The second phase of the Shilpa Sena exhibition, which is being organized under the aegis of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, will be held from yesterday to 29th at the Kallela National Stadium, Polonnaruwa with knowledge, innovation and various entertainment events.
Speaking on the occasion, the President said that the progress of the world is due to innovations in science and technology generated through research.
The President explained the need for experts in this field to pay special attention to the challenges faced by our people due to climate change in an era where scientific, technological and research cooperation is much needed.
The President said that the main challenge in the journey towards development as a nation is that most of the people in the political field, in the scientific, technical and research fields do not think about the country but think only about themselves. He said that the problem is that the country is losing the necessary academics in the services of engineers, doctors and accountants because the educators who receive free education are not only thinking about the country but also leaving the country.
The Shilpa Sena exhibition, which is being organized under the theme of "Strong Hand Prosperous Country", is divided into five categories: entrepreneurship, industry, new products, blue collar and entertainment in the field of technology.
In the field of technology, STEM has been organized to promote advanced scientific, technical and research knowledge on key themes such as education, space technology, life sciences, robotics, nanotechnology, megatonics, new strengths, blue green technology and 55G IOT.
The new products section of the Shilpa Sena exhibition showcases more than 250 innovations made by innovators in the country and projects required for commercialization of these products have also been implemented.
Inaugurating the exhibition, the President visited the exhibition and held a cordial interaction with the Working Group.
Secretary, Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, Chinthaka S. Lokuhettige and other officials were present on the occasion.
The Dasara festival started with the flagging off of Kulsai Mutharamman temple.
The annual Dussehra festival at Mutharamman Temple, Kulasekharapatnam, near Tiruchendur in Thoothukudi district, is world famous.
After the Dasara at Samandiswari Amman temple in Mysore, India, lakhs of devotees gather in large numbers for the Dasara festival.
The unique feature of the Mutharamman temple festival in Kulasekharapatnam is the worship of the deity by wearing various roles and paying a fair price.
For those who do the role of Kali, it is special to have a strict fasting period of 48 days.
The 2019 Dussehra festival started this morning with a flag-raising ceremony.
The festival of Dussehra takes place for 10 days.
Mahishasuravat, the main event of Dussehra festival, will be held on October 8.
On that day, and at night, rise up on the beach of Kulsai, and rejoice in glory.
More than 6 lakh devotees are expected to visit Amman on the occasion of the festival.
It is a great privilege for the devotees to have a darshan of the mother and father, as they sit in the place of Mutharamman and offer their blessings to the devotees.
It is the belief of devotees that Ambaji Mutharamman is the one who solves the problem of mental health, marriage and childbirth.
A powerful earthquake struck Indonesia on Thursday, killing 20 people.
In this regard, the National Disaster Response Organisation (NDRF) and Rescue Force (NDRF) superintendents said:
A powerful earthquake struck near the town of Ambon in the Maluku Islands at 8.45am (local time) on Thursday.
On the Richter scale, the earthquake was recorded as 6.5 units.
Many houses were destroyed by the earthquake, and landslides occurred in many places.
At least 20 people were killed in these incidents.
They were trapped in the rubble of the building and buried in a landslide.
One of them, a woman, lost her life when she was speeding in a two-wheeler towards a high altitude for fear of a tsunami.
In addition, 100 people were injured due to the earthquake and 2,000 were evacuated to safer areas, officials said.
The city of Ambon, where 4 lakh people live, and the surrounding areas are reported to have been affected by the earthquake.
When the city hospital was shaken by the earthquake, Noah and others rushed out.
According to reports, the hospital has been set up and patients are being housed there.
It is worth recalling that last year's 7.5 Richter scale earthquake in Indonesia killed 4,300 people.
There has been a robbery attempt at the Kanjipuram ATM.
After seeing the police, a mysterious gang of 3 people on a motorbike fled.
The State Bank of India ATM is located in the Velinga workshop area of Kancheepuram.
At around 3am this morning, three mysterious men on a motorbike stopped the vehicle in front of the ATM and then saw the camera at the ATM gate.
They then beat the spray they brought on the camera.
At that time, Kanjipuram Taluka police inspector Bhaskar, Sub Inspector Chellapillai and the police were patrolling the area at night.
When the police heard the sound of Aaron, three people on a motorbike took the vehicle and fled.
But Inspector Bhaskar chased them for a while.
But he entered a junction and escaped.
The Kanshipuram Taluka police have filed a case and are searching for the mysterious persons involved in the ATM robbery.
When the police arrived on patrol, lakhs of money from the ATM was saved.
Minister Sellur Raju has said that Tamils should applaud Prime Minister Modi for his speech in the United Nations highlighting Tamil pride.
As far as Co-operative Minister Sellur Raju is concerned, he will address the gathering in a lively manner and ease the tension there.
Moreover, even if he meets the press, he will shake off his interview by making stunning comments that make headlines.
In this context, at the United Nations General Assembly meeting in the United States, Prime Minister Modi had quoted extracts from the text "Yaadum Ore Yaavarum Kelir."
In this context, he has said today that Tamils should thank and appreciate Prime Minister Modi for this and that is our duty.
Prime Minister Modi has also said that he is proud of Tamil among world leaders in the United Nations.
He was addressing the media after flagging off the new buses at Arapalayam Bus Station in Madurai.
Minister Sellur Raju's interview has made Bajagavinar scream.
In the meantime, he said, the rule of law is in place in Tamil Nadu, and the example is the arrest of former AIADMK Councillor Jayagopal, who was responsible for Subashri's death.
He promised that whoever made a mistake, the AIADMK government would not look at it and that action would be taken without mercy.
Tahilramani was the Chief Justice of Chennai High Court.
After one year of his appointment as Chief Justice, the Collegium Committee recommended to the Central Government to appoint another Chief Justice of Chennai.
Accordingly, it was decided to appoint Tahilramani as the Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court.
Justice Tahilramani refused to accept the change and requested Collegium.
However, his request was rejected.
Following this, he sent a letter of resignation.
At this stage, a case was filed against the transfer of Tahilramani.
Meanwhile, the Central Government announced that Tahilramani's resignation letter had been accepted.
The case has also been dismissed.
On behalf of the Chennai High Court Bar Association, a unit lecture was held for Tahil Ramani.
A demonstration was held on behalf of the Secular Progressive Alliance (Secular Progressive Alliance) to denounce the violent tendencies of the Hindu Front in connection with the 28 back-channel attacks and to urge the police to take swift action.
On the 5th of this month, more than 60 members of the Hindu Front stormed into a backyard company on Tirupur Angeripalayam Road.
As a result, the workers were attacked and the company's assets were damaged.
The police have done some work in this regard.
A protest was announced on the 9th of this month on behalf of the Secular Progressive Alliance parties in Tiruppur, where there has been strong condemnation from industry, various political parties, movements and the general public.
When permission was refused, a complaint was filed with the District Magistrate and the Commissioner of Police, Tiruppur.
A further demonstration on behalf of the Secular Progressive Alliance was announced on September 17 at a subsequent consultation meeting.
Since the police refused permission for the demonstration, a protest march was held at 11am on 17th in front of Tiruppur Municipal Corporation to protest against the violent tendencies of the Hindu Front and to urge the police to take swift action.
The demonstration was presided over by DMK secretary K Selvaraj of Tirupur North District.
All party executives including CBA (M) state committee member K. Kamaraj, CBA (M) secretary C. Muthukannan of Tirupur district, CBA secretary M. Ravi of Tirupur district, Ramasamy of the Congress party, Mathivathanan Sampath and others participated in the demonstration.
In the midst of the demonstration, the police narrowly denied permission to hold a demonstration.
At that time, the Secular Progressive Alliance (Secular Progressive Alliance) said that on the 5th of this month, a Hindu Front attacked a backyard company and caused rioting in Tiruppur.
We have formally asked for permission to conduct an Arp song in a democratic manner to protest this incident, the police have not given permission, we have filed a complaint with the government and the police commissioner and since the police have refused permission for the demonstration, the demonstration is now being held in a democratic and moral manner in view of the importance of the demand.
Police have also arrested some people in connection with the attack on a backyard company.
They also called for swift action by the police in arresting prominent Hindu rowdies involved in the incident.
More than 500 people, particularly women, took part in the demonstration in large numbers and raised their voices against the violence, thus forcing the police to retreat without arresting the protesters.
Protesters chanted slogans condemning the attack on a backyard company in Tirupur by the Hindu Front and the religious violence being perpetrated by the Hindu Front in various forms.
It is no exaggeration to say that the Arp song conducted by the Secular Progressive Alliance with democratic control created an awareness against violence among the people of Tiruppur.
A fine of Rs.100 crore has been levied on OC passengers on the train.
Railway police will file a case against the passengers without a railway ticket and impose a fine.
In this way, the number of passengers without tickets has increased this year as compared to last year.
A total of Rs 87.98 crore has been collected from OC during April to September, 2018 and Rs 100.29 crore has been collected in the current year by registering 19.15 lakh cases from April to September, 2018.
Collectors showed and congratulated Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami on the Central Government's award to Namakkal and Tiruvallur districts for their outstanding work in the field of medicine.
At a function held yesterday (26th) at the Chief Secretariat, Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami on behalf of the Ministry of Women and Child Development, Government of India in New Delhi, on 6.9.2019, the Collector of Namakkal District M Asia Mariam and Collector Maheshwari Ravi Kumar of Tiruvallur District presented the Best District Award for their outstanding performance in the implementation of the scheme to increase the birth sex ratio for four consecutive years under the Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao scheme.
The Minister for Social Welfare and Nutrition, Dr. V. Saroja, Chief Secretary K Shanmugam, Secretary, Department of Social Welfare and Nutrition, S. Madumati, and Commissioner of Social Welfare, T. Abraham were present on the occasion.
Talking about this initiative, Shri Ram Singh said, People will come forward to do it if I do it. He said that the difficulties of buying more vegetables, traffic jams and environmental pollution have caused frustration among the people.
When many people complained about it, they did not realize that they were thinking of an alternative or that the solution was in their own hands.
The correct solution is that people will come forward only if I do what I believe.
That's why I and my wife walk 10 kilometres a week to buy vegetables.
After six months of continuous work, it has become a habit.
Now I am very satisfied with myself, "he said.
"Many people said that it is difficult to walk with a lot of vegetables and I recommended them to carry bamboo baskets to fight the menace of plastic.
But when they heard it, they laughed.
So, I and my wife carried bamboo baskets and went to the market.
Only then did I know that it would be very helpful in many ways.
Many young people are not healthy these days.
I think they have to start walking and control their food.
I am deeply convinced that the traditional system can provide the best solutions to the new challenges in the modern world.
If one uses traditional methods, one can stay healthy, "says Ram Singh IAS.
Heart surgeon Dr. G. Sengotuvelu said that heart disease, including heart attack, is among the leading causes of death worldwide.
World Heart Day is observed every year on September 29.
Earlier, on behalf of Dr. GS Hart Foundation, an awareness programme titled 'Idhaya Kapom' was held on 27.9.2019 at Thyagaraya Nagar, Chennai.
Dr. G. Sengotuvelu, Senior Consultant and International Cardiologist at Apollo Hospital, presided over the function.
As a special guest, filmmaker Shiv Kumar, head doctors and others took the pledge to be heart keepers and heart heroes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the gathering on the theme of Healthy Living.
The hospital chief, Dr. A. Muruganathan, received it.
Speaking on the occasion, medical expert G. Cheng Kottuvelu said:
Heart disease, including heart disease, is one of the leading causes of death worldwide.
Heart disease is on the rise in India.
Young people also suffer from heart attack.
If we remain alert and keep the body safe, we can prevent 80% of heart disease.
If the mother, father, grandfather and grandmother have heart disease, we can also get heart disease.
If we take the lifestyle right, we can prevent heart disease from occurring in some way.
In modern medicine, one can foresee who will have a heart attack.
If it is found in the beginning, it can prevent heart attack.
A heart attack can be fatal, but can also be cured quickly.
This is what he said.
The Election Commission has reduced the disqualification period of Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh, who was convicted in a corruption case, from six years to one month.
This has removed the hurdle in contesting the Tamang by-election.
Sikkim Legislative Assembly election was held with Lok Sabha elections.
Sikkim's Grandikari Morcha won a landslide victory in this election.
The leader of the party, Premsingh Tamang, took over as the Chief Minister of the state.
However, in 2016, a lower court sentenced Tamang to life imprisonment in a corruption case.
When the Supreme Court confirmed this, he suffered imprisonment.
The controversy erupted when Tamang took office, as a man who suffered a prison sentence in a corruption case could not contest the election for six years.
Tamang is contesting the Sikkim Legislative Assembly by-election.
Tamang, with the support of the BJP, is ruling Sikkim.
In the meantime, Tamang had sent a letter to the Election Commission requesting that he remove the six-year ban on contesting elections, citing various sections of the law.
After considering the letter, the Election Commission has announced that it will reduce the ban period for Tamang to one year and one month.
Thus, Tamang is not barred from contesting the by-election in the Legislative Assembly.
The BJP can now start playing politics in other states, including Tamil Nadu, using the privilege granted to Tamang.
The Election Commission may also issue statements fulfilling the wishes of the BJP in full swing.
Government doctor Venkatesan, the father of student UdidSurya, has been suspended in the case of recruiting for NEET.
Joseph, who acted as an intermediary in the matter of recruitment, has also been arrested in Kerala.
Udit Surya, a student from Theni Government Medical College, was found to have passed the NEET exam.
Following this, police filed a case against UdidSurya and his family.
But UdidSurya and his family escaped and disappeared.
UdidSurya had also filed a petition in the court seeking further bail.
The Tamilnadu police arrested UdidSurya, who was staying with his family in Tirupati.
UdidSurya's family was arrested in a cage and brought to the bee and interrogated for several hours.
During the hearing, UdidSurya's father, Dr. Venkatesan, admitted that he had changed his son to become a doctor.
After Venkatesan's confession to the police, everyone appeared in court and was jailed.
UdidSurya's father worked as a government doctor at Stanley Hospital in Chennai.
Since he has now been arrested and jailed, the Tamilnadu govt has suspended Venkatesan.
On the basis of Venkatesan's confession, intermediary Joseph has been arrested in Kerala.
He will be brought to Tamil Nadu for questioning.
Venkatesan, a doctor at Stanley Government Hospital, Chennai, the father of student UdidSurya, has been suspended in the case of NEET.
In the meantime, CPCID police conducted an investigation today at the NEET exam training centre run by intermediary Joseph in Thiruvananthapuram.
Joseph is said to have carried out a massive recruitment scam in the name of the NEET training centre.
That's why UdidSurya's father Dr. Venkatesan has easily approached Joseph.
CPCID police are also reviewing the documents at Joseph's training centre.
A by-election will be held next month (October 21) for the vacant constituencies of Nanguneri and Vikravandi in Tamil Nadu.
The DMK is contesting from Vikravandi constituency and the Nanguneri constituency has been handed over to the Congress, a coalition party.
Last night, Mukul Wozniak, general secretary of the All India Congress Party and in charge of Tamil Nadu, announced the name of the Congress candidate contesting from Nanguneri constituency.
Ruby Manoharan (60 years old), the head of the North District of Kancheepuram, has been declared the candidate.
Ruby Manoharan's hometown is Marayapuram near Marthandam in Kanyakumari district.
He has served in the Indian Air Force for 15 years and then runs a construction company in Chennai.
On the occasion of Periyar's 141st birthday, 535 Malaysian government Tamil schools were given a book of written reform as a special event.
A book titled 'Reforming the Writing of Periyar' was introduced in Tamil schools by the Government of Buburndong and Mendakap Estate.
The book will be sent in phases to 535 Tamil schools operating in Malaysia.
In the first phase, the books were sent to 150 Tamil schools in the state of Pakang and Silangur.
More than 50,000 students are studying in these schools.
It is also noteworthy that more than 7000 teachers are employed.
This book is a great opportunity for students and teachers to learn about Periyar's contributions to Tamil language.
Dr. K. Veeramani's version was explained at the function and addressed by M. Govindasamy.
On this occasion, Chinniah was honoured with the Periyar Perundar Award.
The poet and former headmaster of the Tamil school, Periyar Perundar K.K. Raman, read a poem about Periyar.
It is to be noted that poet Shanmugam from Taiping was also conferred with the Rationalist Pavalar.
There are revolutionary movements before and after Bhagat Singh.
But it is not just a compliment that Bhagat Singh and his comrades have given a new evolution and a clear ideology to revolutionary movements and thereby to Indian politics.
We can still see that there is a perception among the people that the revolutionaries are just fools and are uneducated people who don't care about human lives.
The period of Bhagat Singh reminds us of his humanitarianism, clarity of thought and skill.
On April 29, 1929, after the assembly bombing, Bhagat Singh's name became widespread in India.
It was not until the 1930s that he became known to the public.
But within a year of his debut, his fame spread rapidly to every corner of Tamil Nadu.
This is the most surprising news in history that the name of any leader born in the north, including Gandhi, has not spread to Tamil Nadu in such a short span of time.
That's because of Father Periyar.
The week after Bhagat Singh was killed, an editorial appeared in the Republic Weekly entitled Bhagat Singh.
The editorial praised many of Bhagat Singh's character's interests and made some comments on the political situation of the day.
Some passages from the Athalayang are as follows: -
"In fact, if Bhagat Singh ji is convinced that all his principles are right and the models he has done are the right way to fulfill them, we will say that if he has decided then he will definitely have to follow his footsteps and if he has not done so, he will not be able to say that he is a healthy person.
Now we're going to call him a real man.
It is our strong opinion that India really needs Bhagat Singh's policy.
If Shri Bhagat Singh had not been hanged and survived, there would not have been any evidence that this victory would have been so popular.
And, if Bhagat Singh had not been hanged, Gandhi would still have had a positive impact.
For Bhagat Singh, who had to be sick or sick, why should a mother be able to show the people of India the path of true equality and peace for the people of the world?
We applaud Bhagat Singh for saying that it is a great achievement that no one else can achieve by ordinary means! "
This was stated by Father Periyar in an editorial in the Republic magazine.
In the meantime, a guard named Dennis Turner, who was in custody at the school where the incident took place, arrested the girl who was holding Adam in the school for kicking and kicking the teacher.
In addition, he tied the girl's hand with a plastic tag and took her to the police car, to the Juvenile Assessment Centre, where a photo of the girl holding a nameplate was also taken, just as the criminals were taking it.
Copies of his handwriting have also been taken.
This information was then communicated to the girl's family and handed over to her family.
It is not known if he had taken another child to the police station.
His grandmother Kirkland, who agreed to release the identity of the girl Gaia Rolle, told the media that her daughter, who is suffering from sleep problems called Sleep Apnea, is suffering from the effects of the medication used to treat her.
I was shocked to learn that he had been arrested for this and said that it was difficult for any 6 year old child to understand and explain it.
In Uttar Pradesh, 73 people have died in 4 days due to rain, according to the Meteorological Department Red Alert in most districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh.
In Patna, the capital of Bihar, heavy rains in the last four days have caused flooding in many areas and disrupted rail and road traffic.
Several trains were cancelled this morning due to heavy rains in Bihar.
Yesterday, the Chief Minister of the state, Nitish Kumar, held a consultation meeting through video conferencing.
All schools have been ordered to close until Tuesday.
Heavy rain has also hit Uttarakhand, Jammu Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, where several people have lost their lives due to rain related incidents in the last few days.
Uttar Pradesh received 3 percent more rainfall than normal on Friday.
The eastern part of the state has been badly affected.
Yesterday, there was 42.5 mm of rain in Prayagraj and 6.2 mm of rain in Varanasi.
This is much higher than the average rainfall this year.
Yesterday, 26 people were killed in various parts of Uttar Pradesh.
In the previous two days, 47 people died.
Lucknow, Amethi, Hartai and other districts have been flooded due to heavy rains.
The Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Yogi Adityanath has directed the District Collectors and Regional Commissioners to take all necessary security and measures.
In Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, six people have been killed in the last two days due to rain.
Three students died when the wall of a government school collapsed in Topwara, Udaipur, Rajasthan.
Three people, including a police constable in Madhya Pradesh, died on Friday.
Their bodies were found at a distance of one kilometre from the scene.
On the 24th of this month, a report on the status of the world nuclear power sector was released.
Michael Scheider is the chairman of the committee that produced the report.
According to the study, the nuclear energy sector has declined from 17.46 percent of the world's energy demand in 1996 to 10.15 percent in 2018.
This fall shows that the world's attention is moving beyond nuclear power to renewable and long-lasting energy.
Nuclear power is being pushed back and renewable energy such as solar energy, wind power and hydropower are growing globally.
Each year, various organizations will jointly issue a report on the status of the world nuclear power sector.
According to a report released this year, the nuclear energy sector around the world is on the verge of collapse.
The report also mentions that India's nuclear power sector is in a very bad shape.
Bill Gates presented the Global Goalkeeper Award to the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi, for his outstanding performance in the Swachh Bharat Mission.
In India, the Union Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Modi has announced and implemented the Swachh Bharat Mission.
The scheme was launched on 2-10-2014, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The objective of the project is to construct toilets in houses, public toilets, solid waste management etc.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore toilets have been constructed across the country.
98 of the villages have been covered under rural health coverage.
In recognition of the project, it was announced that Modi will be awarded the International Achievement Award by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation of the United States.
In this context, Prime Minister Modi, who is on a visit to the United States, was conferred the Global Goalkeeper Award today.
Bill Gates, the richest man in the world, presented the award to Modi at a ceremony held at the United Nations Security Council meeting in New York today.
Speaking on the occasion, the award-winning Prime Minister said that Mahatma Gandhi's dream of cleanliness has now been fulfilled.
He said that the Swachh Bharat Mission has been completed, and this award will be presented to crores of Indians, who have made it a part of their daily lives.
The Prime Minister mentioned that the World Health Organization has said that 3 lakh people have been saved from various diseases due to the Swachh Bharat Mission.
The Ministry of Health has announced that due to the prevailing rainfall and flood situation, listeners are in a state of flux.
As a result, the Health Ministry has advised them to avoid unnecessary water logging.
The Health Ministry has said that the situation due to heavy rains in many districts has not been reduced at present and the public has to be careful in this regard.
Children and elderly people have been affected by floods and are being admitted to hospitals.
The Chief of the Risk Management Unit of the Health Ministry, Dr. Hemantha Herath, has asked the affected people to pay more attention to health care.
The Ministry of Education has issued a media statement regarding the leave of teachers and principals.
According to a statement issued by the Ministry of Education, suggestions and recommendations have been taken to resolve salary anomalies in the service of teachers and principals.
The Ministry of Education has said that the absence of teachers and principals on sick leave based on their salary anomalies is a highly unjust act as they are prepared to implement the recommendations of the Committee on the Elimination of Public Services Salary anomalies from January 1 next year to increase the salaries of all government employees, including teachers and principals.
It is the right of employees to engage in trade union activities.
It has not been challenged, however, the opportunistic activities of the trade unions, which are used as a strategy to deceive members by pointing out the success achieved due to their actions after learning of the possible increase in wages, are not acceptable to a smarter and honorable profession like teachers and principals, the ministry said.
Education Minister Lawyer Akilaviraj Kariyawasam told the parliament last July that the salaries of teachers and principals have been increased by 106 percent in line with the year 2015 and the increase in salaries is a step taken by any government.
The Minister informed the Parliament on 7th June last year that the Ministry of Education had submitted suggestions and recommendations regarding the pay anomalies of teachers and principals to the Ranukke Committee appointed on the general pay anomaly within the government service.
Payments to principals have been increased from 650 rupees to 6,500 rupees.
The promotion work which was delayed from the beginning of 2015 has now been carried out in a systematic manner.
The system for obtaining pension has been prepared and implemented.
In order to restore the President's service from politics and address the shortcomings in the quality of the President's service, a competitive examination was conducted and about 6,000 people were admitted to the service.
In the last four and a half years, that is, in a short span of time, steps have been taken to provide training opportunities to teachers and principals abroad and to recruit 25,000 people to the teaching profession.
These have been carried out with the objective of human resource development in the education sector, the Ministry of Education added in a media statement today.
There was a complaint against Uditsurya, a student from Chennai, that she was studying in Theni Medical College after appearing in the NEET exam.
Following this, the case was transferred to the CPCID.
After that, Uditsurya became disillusioned with her parents.
Day before yesterday, the police arrested Uday Surya and his father Venkatesan and mother Gayalvi in Tirupati.
A Goa court has filed a case against Goa state BJP legislator Adenasio Mansarate on the basis of a complaint that he sexually assaulted a minor girl.
He was charged with raping a 16-year-old girl.
Last year, the police filed a 250-page charge sheet against him in the North Goa District Court.
The trial of the case begins on October 17.
Adenasio is a legislator from Panaji constituency.
She was 55 years old in 2016, when she was 16 years old.
The girl accused her of violence by drugging her and selling her to her mother, Adenasio, for Rs.50 lakhs.
Adenasio, who was arrested in 2016, is currently on bail.
The Pakistani-based earthquake last evening has affected Pak Occupied Kashmir.
About 25 people were killed there.
More than 400 people were injured.
Pakistani officials said that a 5.8 Richter scale earthquake centered in Pak Occupied Kashmir last evening killed at least 25 people, including women and children, and injured 400 others, many of them seriously.
The earthquake was centered on the border separating Punjab and Occupied Kashmir, about 22.3 kilometres north of the Jhelum River, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
The earthquake was centered at 10km / h.
It was felt in most parts of Punjab and parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
However, Pakistan's chief meteorologist Mohammad Riaz said, "The worst impact is in the [Occupied] Mirzapur district of Kashmir."
Mirpur Divisional Commissioner Mohammad Tayyip said that the quake's epicentre near the Jhelum river had caused havoc in the central areas of Jadlan and Kari Sharif and damaged hundreds of homes, vehicles and other infrastructure.
He said 12 people had died on the way to the headquarters hospital in Mirpur, while 13 had died in different villages between Jadlan and Kari Sharif.
150 injured are being treated at DHQ Hospital.
Many were sent to Rawalpindi for further treatment.
Mobile phone, telephone service and electricity supply were cut off in rural areas.
Because of this, people are not able to provide information or help to their neighbours.
In order to contest the Nanguneri by-election, Padmarajan has submitted his candidacy to the Election Officer.
Padmarajan, Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalitha, Karunanidhi, Rajasekar Reddy and others from Veerakavalpudur village near Meteor in Salem district contested the election.
Abdul Kalam, Pranab Mukherjee, Ram Nath Kovind and others contested the Presidential elections.
He has spent his own money of Rs. 32 lakhs on the deposit made during the election campaign.
Don't think he's a rich man, he's a middle class man.
In the meantime, he is contesting the by-election for Nanguneri constituency and submitted his candidacy to the election officer Natesan yesterday.
He said that he is contesting for the 206th time in Nanguneri and that his aim is not to win, but to get a place in Guinness.
He says Limca has already been featured in the book and if it is featured in the Guinness Book of Records, he will stop contesting elections.
This election is owned by Padmarajan, who has won the highest number of elections in India and lost.
The Vikram lander collided strongly on the Moon's surface and NASA released the photo proof.
NASA's LROC orbiter has captured and sent a picture of the Vikram lander of the 28 lunar Yan-2 spacecraft that crashed strongly into the Moon's South Pole.
The Vikram lander of the Chandrayaan-2 spacecraft sent by ISRO landed at the South Pole of the Moon on the 7th of this month.
However, at the last moment, communication with it was cut off.
It was thought that the Vikram lander crashed faster than the soft landing on the Moon's surface, causing damage and communication to be cut off.
At this point, NASA's LROC orbiter crossed the Moon's South Pole on the 17th.
At that time, Vikram Lan Dar has captured and sent a state-of-the-art map of the plains between the two faces of the landing chimp Lius N and Mancinus C.
On examining the pictures, it is certain that the Vikram lander crashed strongly on the ground and landed.
That's why it has fallen a short distance from the landing site.
John Keller, deputy director of NASA's EROC program, said, "The LROC orbiter passed the south pole of the moon on the 17th.
At that time, it has sent pictures taken during the dark hours of the evening.
On examination, it was found that the Vikram lander crashed strongly on the ground and landed.
However, the Vikram lander was not able to locate the exact location of the landing.
The LROC R Bitter will cross the South Pole again on 14th of next month.
Since the light will be good then, there is a lot of scope to shoot Vikram lander, "he said.
The ideology of Prime Minister Modi and President Trump is the same.
Modi is spreading support for US President Trump without bothering about the economy.
Sitaram Yechury accused the central BJP government of having questioned the federal principle at a seminar in Puducherry.
On behalf of the Marxist Communist Party, a seminar on State Rights and Anti-People's Bill was held at Kamban Auditorium in Puducherry.
Sitaram Yechury, the All India General Secretary of the Communist Party of Marxist (Marxist), participated in the function.
Speaking at the seminar, he said that the BJP's campaign of One Nation, One Culture, One Election, One Education System has put India's diversity in question.
If you reject the undemocratic stance of the government, you can be arrested on the grounds that you are anti-national.
The amendment has been brought in.
He said that human rights violations are now taking place in the country, whether it is on social media or on social media, to go to jail for being a terrorist.
Because people don't have the purchasing power.
But the government has given away 2 lakh crore rupees to the rich capitalists.
He urged everyone to take part in the fight against this anti people government from 10th to 16th October.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Prime Minister is not concerned about the nation, he is not about the economy, he is spreading it to Trump.
When an actor from Bangladesh came to India for publicity, the Indian govt stopped it.
But Modi has gone to the US and propagated that Trump should become president again.
Modi has ensured that the ideology of both of them is the same.
The federal principle of the central BJP regime is in question.
Sitaram Yechury accused the constitution of being destroyed.
The seminar was attended by Balakrishnan, the Tamil state secretary of the Communist Party of Marxist (Marxist), Rajangam, the state secretary of Puducherry and other prominent leaders.
The Minister for Agriculture, Rural Economic Affairs, Animal Development, Irrigation and Marine and Water Resources Development, P. Harrison has said that compensation will be paid to all farmers who have registered with the Agricultural Insurance Council and have paid the insurance premiums within 2 weeks.
Advice has been given to the Agricultural Insurance Council in this regard.
Under this scheme, 3,000 farmers who have paid insurance premiums for Ampara, Monaragala and Attila areas will be compensated for the impact of production.
This was stated by the Minister during the interaction in the auditorium of the Ministry of Rural Economy.
A postal vote will be held tomorrow for the Elpitiya Divisional Council election to be held on 11th of next month.
The chairman of the Election Commission, Mahinda Patapriya, has said that those who cannot vote by post tomorrow will have the opportunity to vote by post on the 4th of next month.
This facility has been made available at the Galle District Election Office.
For postal voting, the National Identity Card or the Electoral Commission's permit is required to be taken.
Two Libraries, a Mayyam Opening on Periyar's Birthday in Malaysia
Mentakap Garden, Pakang State:
In 1928, a total of 100 students were enrolled in this school.
The Periyar Library was inaugurated on 17-9-2019 by the President of the Estate Administrator (Sabah) and the Dravida Iyakkam employee Govindasamy.
The event was presided over by the Principal of the School, Aussie Ri.
Members of the Governing Board of the school, members of the Parent Teachers Association, teachers, students and Periyar stalwarts Avudayar, Raman and Chinniah Agiore participated in the function.
The students were given tasty water drinks and fruits.
Periyar's books were donated to the teachers and students of the school.
Bukitraja Garden, Killan City:
About 160 students are studying in the Tamil school.
There was a great deal of confusion here.
About 500 books were distributed to the centre.
The function was presided over by Mallika Pazhaniyandi, the headmaster of the school.
Periyar volunteers and members of the Dravida Kazhagam participated in the function.
The students were given a taste drink.
Periyar's books were donated to the teachers.
Gadong Garden, Bandung Nagar:
There are about 100 students and 15 teachers working in this Tamil school.
Ms. Kanagam, Deputy headmaster of the school, presided over the event.
More than 400 books were donated and the Periyar Library opened on 23.9.2019.
The students were given fresh water.
The gardens are decorated with gardens and gardens.
All the above programmes were organized by M. Govindaswamy ji.
It is noteworthy that the three schools featured presentations on his work on Periyar.
It is to be noted that Tamil leader Dr. K. Veeramani's continuous work on Periyar was described in all the programmes.
Left Front candidate Mani C. Kapan won the by-election in Kerala's Bala Legislative Assembly constituency.
Even though he started a separate party from the Congress, K.M. Mani was a part of the Congress coalition.
K.M. Mani was a political leader who did not lose elections in Kerala's political history.
K. M. Mani, who was the Union Minister for Health and Family Welfare of Kerala, passed away last April due to ill health.
As a result, a by-election was announced for the Balala Legislative Assembly.
The elections for this constituency were held on 23rd of this month.
Mani C. Kapan was the Left Party candidate in this constituency, Jos Dom Pulikunell as the Congress coalition candidate and Kottayam Hari as the BJP candidate.
The votes cast in this election were counted this morning.
Left candidate Mani C. Kapan won by 54,137 votes.
The Congress coalition candidate who contested him received 51,194 votes.
Left candidate Mani C. Kapan won by 2,943 votes.
He received 18,044 votes for the BJP candidate, Kottam Hari.
In the 2016 election, the BJP received 24,821 votes in the same constituency.
In the current by-election, the BJP lost 6,000 votes.
For the past 54 years, the Congress coalition has dominated the Balala constituency.
Now the left has ended this domination.
Heavy rain very likely at isolated places over coastal areas from Batticaloa to Matara due to subsidence in the southwest direction of the country.
Sea areas off the coast from Kankesanthurai to Trincomalee to Batticaloa are likely to receive heavy to very heavy rainfall or thunderstorms.
Other coastal areas surrounding the country are likely to experience torrential rain or thunderstorms in the evening or at night.
Wind speed reaching 10 to 30 kmph is very likely to prevail over coastal areas of the country.
Wind speed reaching 70 - 80 kmph gusting to 70 kmph is very likely to prevail over these areas during heavy to very heavy rainfall.
In such cases, the sea will be temporarily disturbed, the Department of Meteorology said in its knowledge of the weather for the sea area released today.
Prime Minister Modi urged India to become a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group at a meeting in New York City.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, is on a seven-day official visit to the United States.
Prime Minister Modi will address the annual General Assembly meeting at the United Nations tomorrow.
For this purpose, he has participated in various programmes and met world leaders.
As part of this, he met US President Trump at the Howdy Modi event in Houston, USA.
The two leaders held discussions on a wide range of issues including friendship, industry, trade, security, global issues and Kashmir.
Following this, several CEOs from US companies participated in the Bloomberg Global Business Forum meeting held in New York City yesterday.
Speaking on the occasion, Prime Minister Modi said:
The challenge for India today is to produce fuel using nuclear energy.
This is because India is not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
If India gets that opportunity, it will set a precedent for the world.
This was stated by Prime Minister Modi.
The Nuclear Suppliers Group controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
India continues to take a number of steps as a member of the Committee.
Although the US and other countries supported India's visit, China opposed India's signing of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
However, it is noteworthy that last March, six US companies announced that they would build nuclear power plants in India.
The old people have been found near Pallipalayam.
The day before yesterday (September 26), the Electricity Board employees dug a pit to plant a power pole at Kokarainpet near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district.
One of them is found in the cave.
When they reached the top of the mountain, they found that it was the first of their kind.
The bones were found inside.
The informed Revenue Department went to the scene and collected the bones from the bottom.
"Kokarainpet is situated on the banks of the river.
So if the archaeologists do research, they will find many more historical symbols, "he said.
All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE), the apex body for technical education, has been working to update and upgrade the course of engineering education in a time bound manner.
Higher educational institutions of engineering education are following the curriculum designed by AICDE.
The university administration itself has designed the curriculum for colleges affiliated to Anna University.
In this context, as per the guidance issued by AICTE in June, 2019, the students of engineering education this year have been advised to choose 3 out of 32 non-curricular subjects and study in 3rd, 4th and 5th semester.
The list includes 32 subjects related to technical education, values and charity, charity and a better way of life, photography, video conferencing and documentation in the society.
Anna University has four colleges namely College of Engineering Guindy, School of Architecture and Planning, Alagappa College of Engineering and Madras Institute of Technology, Chrompet.
A total of 12 subjects were selected by B Tech (IT) students.
The fifth volume of the philosophical text, entitled "Knowledge is Energy", contains the Bhagwad Gita, which deals with the realization of our potential and Krishna's teachings to Arjuna to keep the mind under control.
In the meantime, there has been strong opposition in Tamilnadu to the sudden inclusion of the Bhagwad Gita as a lesson by Anna Dental College.
Leaders, academics, student organizations, writers and others, including DMK leader General MK Stalin, protested that this was against secularism and whether religious matters should be included in the curriculum in a secular country.
In this context, it has been announced that a protest will be held on behalf of the DMK student team near Anna University on October 1 to protest against the sudden inclusion of the Bhagwad Gita by Anna Dental Institute.
Their aim is to embrace all people with equal status.
Housing and Construction Culture Minister Sajid Premadasa has said that his aim is to embrace all people with equal status without any discrimination of race, religion or party.
During a press conference in Colombo yesterday.
In this context, he said, the Declaration of Democratic Policy, which is a matter of pride for the motherland, will be issued soon.
There is no expectation of strengthening the executive power.
He said that no relative has worked in his ministry or in the institutions under it.
Minister Sajid Premadasa said that those indulging in corruption will not be included in the presidential election campaign or political journey.
The DMK leadership has put 68 MLAs on the floor for the Vikravandi by-election.
A by-election will be held on October 21 for Vikravandi and Nanguneri constituencies.
In 'Vikravandi' and 'Nanguneri,' Congress is contesting against the capital.
Since the AIADMK will give a duff with Bamako in Vikravandi constituency, it is said that DMK leader Stalin has worked out various strategies in consultation with the district secretary Ponmun.
Out of the 100 members of the DMK Legislative Assembly, 68 MLAs have been appointed by the DMK leadership as responsible for the Vikravandi by-election.
Only 32 MLAs from the southern districts have been exempted from Stalin's rule.
He has also requested that he support the Congress in Nanguneri constituency.
Vikravandi has been appointed as the Chairman of the Election Responsibility Committee and Jagatrakshakan MP as the Secretary.
A. Angayankanni, Salem Selvaganapti, AK S Vijayan and others have been appointed.
In addition, 10 MPs are also involved in the by-election.
During the elections held exclusively for Vellore constituency after the parliamentary elections, no MPs were involved in the DMK leadership election.
Stalin asked them to take care of your work as usual.
Now they have also been given an assignment.
A CBI raid on a former Bangalore police commissioner's house.
The CBI is conducting a raid on the house of a former Bangalore police commissioner on the phone tapping of political figures.
In Karnataka, the Bharatiya Janata Party government was formed after the collapse of the Kumarasamy government.
Yediyurappa took over the post of Chief Minister.
At this stage, Bhaskar Rao, who was appointed as the Commissioner of Police in Bangalore, had an audio dialogue with a party chief for the post of Commissioner and created a stir.
The Bharatiya Janata Party complained that a phone call had been heard during the Kumarasamy regime.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders continued to complain that Siddaramaiah, who was the coordinator of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) coalition government, his aides and some leaders of the secular Janata Dal (BJP), MLAs and senior officials had heard a total of 300 phone calls.
The leaders urged for an appropriate investigation and action in this regard.
Senior Congress leaders like Mallikarjun Kharge, Siddaramaiah, former police minister MP Patil and others urged an investigation.
Explaining the matter, Coomaraswamy said that he did not listen to anyone's phone call and that the complaint was untrue and was ready for any investigation.
This phone call has created a storm in Karnataka politics.
At this stage, Chief Minister Yediyurappa recommended that the CBI investigate the matter.
The CBI is investigating the case.
Today, CBI officers conducted a surprise raid on the house of former police commissioner Alekumar in Bengaluru.
The test is being conducted on the basis of information received that he has stored information on the phone hacking of political figures in a Bentree.
It will be known only after the test is over whether the fentanyl is trapped or not.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the United Nations General Assembly on behalf of India.
He strongly condemned terrorism at that time.
In his address, he recalled that India is the land of Buddha, Vivekananda and Kaniyan Poonkundar.
Modi said, Our country has given the message of peace to the world, not war.
That is why we have always raised our voice against terrorism.
We warn the world not to be caught in the clutches of the monster of terrorism.
The great poet who lived in India 3000 years ago, Kaniyan blossomed and sang in the ancient Tamil language of the world, "Yaadum Ore, Yaavarum Kelir".
This means that we own all the places.
All of them are our relatives.
This is the uniqueness of India.
We do not see terrorism as a challenge to India alone.
We see it as an act against the entire world and against humanity.
Therefore, the entire world must unite against terrorism.
125 years ago, the great spiritual guru Swami Vivekananda delivered this message to the world during the World Congress of Religions held in Chicago.
This is the message: 'Reconciliation and peace are necessary.
And there are no differences of opinion.
Today, on behalf of the world's largest democracy, I say the same thing.
Only 'harmony and peace' is our message to the world. "
This was stated by Modi in his address.
Sajid Premadasa will contest as Ranilin's United National Party candidate in the Sri Lankan presidential election.
The Sri Lankan presidential election will be held on November 16.
Kothaya Rajapaksa is contesting the election as the candidate of Mahinda Rajapaksa's Sri Lanka Peoples Alliance.
The JVP and other parties have also announced candidates.
There was confusion over who was the candidate of Prime Minister Ranil's United National Party (UNP).
In the case of Ranil, it was said that the President wanted to contest the election.
It has also been reported that President Maithripala Sirisena has also made efforts to become a general candidate.
His belief is that if Ranil competes, Tamil votes can be cast.
Sirisena's account is that if Ranil is sent to jail without competition, he can easily win.
But both of these things have not been fulfilled.
At present, Sajid Premadasa is being promoted as the candidate in the United National Party.
Sajid is the son of former President Premadasa.
Sajid has shown his strength by mobilizing his supporters and moving forward as the presidential candidate.
At a large public meeting held yesterday in Kalutara and Matugama area, Sajid said, I am not a presidential candidate subject to anybody's conditions.
I have self respect, "said Saadi in an angry voice.
Former minister and legislator A.V. Velu said that in Tamil Nadu, Father Periyar's displacement was in danger.
The birthday celebrations of Father Periyar and lawyer Anna were held on Thursday at the Chettupattu Divya Educational Color Forest.
P. Selvarajan, Principal of Divya Educational Institutions, presided over the function.
As a special guest, former minister A.V. Velu spoke to the students:
Many kings like Cheran, Chola, Pandian, Chalukyas, Krishna Deva Raya and others did not teach women during the Ad Sick period.
But it was Periyar who worked for women to study, to raise their livelihood and to give equal rights to property.
He is a lawyer.
In that way, under the leadership of the DMK leader Kalaignar, there was a reservation for women, equal rights in property, balanced education and a qualified army.
Father Periyar was responsible for all these things.
At the time of his father's death, he was in great danger.
He said that today, we have become disillusioned with the name of NEET, as we create many doctors based on merit through balanced education.
Among the dignitaries present on the occasion were Shri Senthil Kumar, Secretary, Institute of Education, Shri Praveenkumar, Vice President and Executive Advisor, Teaching Bra Veenkumar.
K. V. Sekaran, Member of the Polur Legislative Assembly, former Members of the Legislative Assembly Rajendran, Pandurangan, Saval Poondi Sundaresan, Chettupattu and DMK City Secretary Murugan Aki Yore addressed the gathering.
The Chief Minister of Polytechnic College, Murugan expressed his thanks.
The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation organized various competitions for students at the World Tourism Day celebrations held at the Tamil Nadu Hotel, Madurai.
The hotel's culinary staff combined to prepare and display 101 dishes.
There were small grains, Madurai regional foods, various kinds of sorghum, mushrooms, joint porridge, snacks and sweets.
The northern state and foreign food were also prepared.
They said all kinds of food from ordinary hotels to five-star hotels will be available in Tamil Nadu hotels.
Insect Protesters and Seek Foundation organized a one-day employment camp at Jerusalem College, Chennai.
More than 26 banks and non-bank financial institutions participated.
More than 7000 youth and students participated.
Speaking on the occasion, Balaji, Managing Director, Inbox Productions said that it is a matter of pride that the banking companies present here have said that more than 1500 youth are likely to get employment.
We organised this camp for the benefit of unemployed graduate youth and students.
In other words, we have treated students or institutions free of cost.
Our aim is to create a jobless society by running such job-camps at different places, he added.
Near Madurai, a fifth phase of excavation is being carried out on behalf of the Archaeological Survey of Tamil Nadu at Keeladi in Sivaganga district.
The excavation is currently underway for 15 days, beginning on 13th June and ending on 30th September.
In this context, people, archaeologists and students from different parts of Tamil Nadu are visiting the Lower East Side.
Minister Mafa Pandiarajan has said that the museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains found at the bottom.
He said the museum would initially have a cost of Rs. 1 crore.
The United States has urged India to take swift action to ease restrictions and release all detainees in Jammu and Kashmir.
Alice Wells, the US undersecretary of state for South and Central Asian affairs, said at the 74th session of the United Nations:
It is a matter of concern that a large number of people have been detained in the Jammu and Kashmir Valley.
The Government of India should initiate political activities in the state.
Elections should be held at the earliest as promised.
We have to relax restrictions and release those detained in Jammu and Kashmir.
Alice Wells urged the Government of India to take steps in this regard at a faster pace.
Earlier, it was reported that US President Donald Trump wanted to mediate on the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
This was strongly opposed by the Indian side.
He then returned to the United States to pursue his studies.
Prime Minister Modi then visited the United States to attend the United Nations General Assembly meeting.
First, Modi and Donald Trump attended the Howdy Modi event in Houston.
Later, they participated in various events.
At that time, Trump praised India's father as Prime Minister Modi.
Now the US is putting pressure on India on Kashmir.
In the meeting of the AID Council, it has been decided to increase the fees of all technical institutes in India by 10 times.
The Institute of Technology (IIIT) has played an important role in nurturing talented students across India.
The meeting was held on 28.9.2019 under the chairmanship of Union Minister of Human Resource Development, Shri Ramesh Pokhriyal, with the Directors of 23 IITs functioning under the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India.
The decision taken at that meeting has shocked the students and the general public.
A decision has been taken to increase the fees for M.Tech in AID institutions by 10 times.
In all the AIDs in India, only Rs. 20,000 to Rs. 50,000 per semester is being charged.
At this stage, the fee has now been increased to Rs. 2 lakh per annum.
Out of the 12 AIRM students studying for the first year in the academic year 2019-2020, 9,280 students are eligible for scholarship and it has also been decided to withhold the monthly grant of 12,400 rupees to the students.
It will reduce the funds provided by the Central Government to AIDs in Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, Kharagpur, Kanpur, Roorkee and Guwahati.
The Government of India has increased the fees to collect the funds from the students to meet the reduction in the amount.
Further, it is said that the Ministry has been instructed to take up the development work of the respective institutions by keeping the proceeds from the construction works carried out by the respective technical institutes and also to borrow money from the bank and get the funds from the corporate entities.
Since coming to power, the BJP has been preventing the common man from getting access to education as much as possible, reducing the funding for primary education in the 2015 budget, followed by a massive reduction in the funding for education during one budget.
This was followed by continuous flow of big business to set up educational institutions in order to provide more facilities to private educational institutions.
At this stage, the new education policy has put in place a number of rules to ensure that educational institutions are funded by private institutions without giving any importance to public educational institutions.
With this, the central government is trying to push only the privileged from basic education to higher education and take India's rich future back centuries as an illiterate nation.
Ranu's book 'Art of caricature' was released by Kalaimagal magazine editor Keelambur Sankara Subramaniam and received by former IAS officer Karpoora Sundarapandiyan.
The book release function of the late "cartoonist" Ranu, written by S.K. Ramanujan, took place on Sunday at the Russian Cultural Centre in Chennai.
The function was presided over by P Thangappan, Secretary, Indo-Russian Chamber of Commerce.
The first book was released by Kalaimagal magazine editor Keelambur Sankara Subramaniam and received by R Karpoora Sundara Pandian, a former IAS officer and head of the Siddhar Research Centre.
Speaking on the occasion as a special guest, Karpoora Sundarapandiyan said: -
The late cartoonist Ranu Ramanuja was one of the foremost cartoonists.
Ranu has created a large number of students through the Cartoon Research and Education Foundation.
In general, even one celebrated by the world is not celebrated by the family.
On the contrary, it is a matter of pride that even after the demise of the cartoonist Ranu, the family itself has brought out his book.
Despite Ranu's passing away, he said he would have lived through his works and through this book for a long time.
S. K. Ramanujan was India's leading cartoonist.
He used to travel all over the world and train in caricatures.
He was an innovative artist in the making of cartoons.
Ranu was not only a painter but also a cartoonist and an expert in animation.
For the past 30 years, he has carried out a study of the art of caricature in accordance with the Indian environment.
He said that through the students he created, he would live a long life through his writings and cartoons.
R. Boopathy, coordinator of the Ranu Cartoon Research and Education Foundation, expressed his gratitude.
Nallathambi, TV executive C. Pereira and others participated.
The DMK has questioned Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami about the number of check posts built under the AIADMK regime over the past eight years.
In a statement issued by the party's treasurer Thuraimurugan, he criticised the CM for not knowing any details about the public service sector.
In his statement, DMK treasurer Thuraimurugan said that the water that is being opened up in the Cauvery is flowing into the sea in vain due to the apathy of the ADMK government and lack of administrative skills.
Our leader MK Stalin had expressed his concern about the responsibility of the opposition leader of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly that there was no concrete plan for the ADMK government to stop the Cauvery crossing.
Thinking that he would answer the CM, Edappadi Palaniswami asked, "Did the DMK people who are criticising us build a barracks in the Cauvery under their rule?"
"I want to inform him that under the DMK regime, we have built a barricade at Mayanur in the Cauvery.
Can Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami, who is also in charge of the public works department without even knowing the details, speak out of the truth?
The earth's water resources were increased in the area due to the construction of the barracks in Mayanur.
That's why agriculture has flourished.
Therefore, thousands of people from the farming community of that region, who are still benefiting from it, can always be seen thanking the government of the Corporation.
The barracks were built in Mayanur as per the requirement of the period.
At that time, there was no need to build more barracks.
If the need had been there, then the then Chief Minister Kalaignar Ji would have immediately given permission, set aside funds and stepped up the work.
So, Edapadi has nothing to do with criticizing the club government for the welfare of Kaveri.
I ask: How many barracks have you built in the Cauvery during the last eight years of the AIADMK regime?
Another question: During the reign of DMK, we built more than 40 dams in Tamil Nadu.
Can you point to at least one dam that has been built in the ADMK regime so far?
Don't lie.
If there is a reply to the allegation made by the Leader of the Opposition, please find out with the evidence that we are building barricades or planning to build barricades at these places.
Instead, I am obliged to point out that the DMK regime has not built a barracks in the Cauvery, it may be beautiful if it is rooted in personal weight, it is not civilized or beautiful for the post of chief minister he holds, "said Thuraimurugan.
State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to fix interest on Repo basis from 1st October.
Keeping in view the economic growth of the country, the Reserve Bank has so far reduced the Short Term Loan Interest (Repo) by 1.1 percent in 4 consecutive installments.
However, there is an allegation that the banks have not provided even half of the benefit to the customers.
Now the banks are setting interest rates on the MCLR system.
With effect from 1st October, the Reserve Bank has ordered the implementation of interest rate settlement based on Treasury Bill and Repo Interest Rate issued by the Government for short term loans.
Accordingly, State Bank of India (SBI) has announced that it has decided to fix housing, auto loans and Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises loans by measuring the MCLR rate from 1st October onwards.
The Ceylon Administrative Services Association has decided to temporarily suspend its trade union activities.
The President of the Association, Prabhat Chandrakirti, said that the decision was taken in view of tomorrow's discussion with the Cabinet Sub-Committee and the responsibility for taking up the applications for the Presidential Election Postal Ballot.
On this basis, he expressed confidence that administrative services including the Department of Adoption, Department of Immigration and Immigration, Department of Motor Vehicle Transport, etc., would be done as usual.
Prathad Chandrakirti further said that the Public Administration Services Association expects a positive outcome in relation to their salary anomalies in the meeting of the Cabinet Sub-Committee tomorrow and the Cabinet meeting next Tuesday.
Today is a cricket match between Pakistan and Pakistan.
The first match of the one-day tournament between Sri Lanka and Pakistan cricket teams will begin in Karachi today.
The match is scheduled to start at 3.30pm Sri Lanka time.
A competition between the two countries is currently underway in Pakistan after 10 years.
Sri Lankan team manager Asantha Dimel said she was satisfied with the security provided to the Sri Lankan team in Pakistan.
He said that the Sri Lankan cricket team has been provided with the protection or equivalent of a head of state.
Three one-day international matches and three R-20 matches will be held between the Sri Lankan team and Pakistan.
Michael Waugh and JoWilson have been appointed as referees in the one-day tournament series by the International Cricket Council.
The plane that flew to Malaysia had a technical problem and was detected when it was on the runway.
When the plane was stopped, 174 passengers were rescued.
A Malindo flight from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur arrives in Trichy every day at 10: 35 p.m.
He then left for Kuala Lumpur at 11: 25 p.m.
As usual, the plane arrived in Trichy the night before yesterday.
The aircraft then flew from Trichy to Kuala Lumpur with passengers.
There were 174 passengers on board.
While on the runway, the pilot found a technical glitch in the aircraft's elevator.
He then stopped the plane on the runway.
The plane was then brought to the scene of departure at the airport and stopped.
Engineers were engaged in the task of correcting the technical glitches.
The passengers were sitting on the plane for two hours.
However, due to technical glitches, all passengers were disembarked from the aircraft.
As a result, 138 passengers were accommodated in the private hostel.
Other passengers returned to their homes after changing their flight dates and cancelling their flight tickets.
If we had gone out with technical problems in this incident, the plane would have been caught in an accident.
However, as the pilot detected the technical malfunction at the right time, the plane did not leave.
It is estimated that 174 passengers have survived.
The technical glitch in the aircraft was corrected.
Following this, the flight with 138 passengers left for Kuala Lumpur at 5pm yesterday.
The Health Ministry of India has reported that more than 5000 people across the country have been infected with dengue fever spread by Aids in India so far.
More than a thousand dengue cases have been reported in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry so far.
Dengue fever is spreading rapidly in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
An Indian media reported that a 12-year-old girl in Chennai and a student in Krishnagiri died the day before yesterday.
135 people have been admitted to Chennai government hospitals and are undergoing treatment.
Over the past few days, there has been heavy rainfall at various places in Tamil Nadu.
Following this, special teams are being set up by the Department of Municipal Administration and Health across Tamil Nadu to monitor dengue cases.
The country's health department has also instructed people suffering from dengue fever to be treated in government hospitals.
Extension of time for linking Aadhaar with PAN till 31st December, 2018
The time for linking Aadhaar number with Permanent Income Tax Account Number (PAN) has been extended up to 31st December, 2018.
This is the seventh time that the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has extended the period for linking PAN with Aadhaar.
The Central Government had earlier extended the period from 31st March to 30th September, 2018 for a period of six months.
This period has now been extended for another three months.
The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) provides a 12-digit Aadhaar number to every citizen of India.
The Income Tax Department provides a written and numerical identification number in the number 10 of Permanent Income Tax Account Number (PAN) for the individual and company paying income tax.
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) had notified on 1st July, 2017 that Aadhaar number should be linked to Income Tax Number.
Thereafter, the time for linking Aadhaar with PAN has been extended several times.
Meanwhile, in September last year, the Supreme Court heard a case against the issuance of Aadhaar cards to the citizens and ruled that the Aadhaar scheme would go under the law.
The Supreme Court also ruled that Aadhaar number is mandatory for payment of income tax.
Meanwhile, when filing income tax returns, it is enough to mention Aadhaar number instead of PAN, which was announced in the Union Budget on 5th July last year.
DMK leader MK Stalin personally visited the Keeladi excavation site, which has revealed the Tamil culture of Vaigai Karai.
It is believed that the soul of the soul is the soul of the soul, the soul of the soul, the soul of the soul, the soul of the soul, the soul of the soul, the soul of the soul.
The city's civilization on the banks of the river Ganga in the north began in the 6th century BC.
But in the south, on the banks of the Vaigai river in the 6th century BC, Tamils lived the peak city life, and the bottom excavation evidence has scientifically proven that Tamils lived the most prosperous life in the knowledge of literacy.
The results of the bottom excavation have created the conditions for rewriting the history of the Indian subcontinent.
A large number of people visit the Underground excavation site, which will make every Tamil proud.
Recently, Seeman, the chief coordinator of the Tamil Party, visited the Keeladi excavation site.
Following him today, DMK leader MK Stalin went to the bottom and visited the excavation sites.
He was accompanied by CPM MP Venkatesan and a number of prominent executives.
In this connection, Stalin uploaded a video on his Twitter page entitled "When he visited the lowland land that made the Tamil civilization known to the world about 2600 years ago".
Trump calls for an investigation of the Ukrainian president!
The White House confirmed that it was true that Donald Trump had telephoned the President of Ukraine to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden, who is likely to run for the Democratic presidential nomination.
The impeachment motion against Trump has been proposed in the House of Representatives on behalf of the Democratic Party, claiming that it was wrong to pressure others to investigate the US president.
In this regard, on the orders of Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy, six committees have been constituted to investigate the President's actions.
Trump made a telephone call to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on July 25, so investigate, "Trump said at the time.
The White House officially released a statement yesterday outlining what the two presidents had said.
It is, therefore, accepted that this conversation took place.
At the same time, Donald Trump told reporters outside the United Nations meeting that the request had been made in a friendly manner.
The Ukrainian president was not under any pressure, he said.
But one thing to note is that the US government abruptly halted financial assistance worth nearly $400 million to Ukraine.
A few days later, the funds were allocated.
The Democrats are putting an end to this and Trump's remarks to the president.
So, this incident has started to stir up a storm in American politics.
Joe Biden, son of Hunter, was appointed as a member of the Fee Board of Burisma Holdings, Ukraine, in April 2014.
It is noteworthy that the company was engaged in natural gas extraction activities in the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea, which was annexed by Russia.
The investigating officer investigating a scam complaint against Burisma Holdings has been dismissed.
The Republican Party is accusing Joe Biden of having a handshake.
However, Hunter continues to deny accusations that he used his father for business purposes.
The incident of a government official beating the press in the presence of the Minister of School Education, Sengotyan has created a stir.
Minister Sengotyan inaugurated the drinking water project at Thoonayakanpalayam near Gopi in Erode district.
When reporters were filming him, Muthulingam, the assistant director of the Tamil Nadu Drinking Water Drainage Board, was standing in the way of disrupting them.
So, the reporters have raised their voices saying, "Sir, Sir, let's get a little too late."
"Who are you going to push, what a big man you are," he said in one voice and beat up the reporters who had pushed him away.
Knowing that he was intoxicated, Minister Sengotyan ordered him to leave immediately.
Following this, top officials urged Muthuramalingam not to be present at the function but to leave immediately.
However, more than 15 journalists took to the streets to demand sectoral action against Assistant Superintendent Muthulingam.
Speaking about this, Minister Sengotyan contacted top officials of the Tamil Nadu Water Drainage Board in Erode district and asked them what courage they had to come to the government function after drinking alcohol.
He also requested for the suspension of Muthuramalingam.
Minister Pandiarajan said that in the fifth phase of excavation, historical walls have been found to establish the reputation of the lower world.
In the presence of Jayakanthan, Khadi and Village Industries Board Minister G Baskaran, Tamil Nadu Minister for Language and Tamil Culture K Pandiarajan visited the press and told the press:
The fifth phase of excavation is a turning point in the history of the Sangam in Tamil Nadu.
In the first half of the sixth century BC, the first half of the century BC was a very prosperous area.
With the available evidence, urbanisation along the banks of the Vaigai River is being carried out in this survey.
The scientific chronology of the lower excavation has concluded that the Tamil - Brahmi period is more than 100 years old, and that Tamil Nadu is a literate society in the 6th century BC.
Further, out of the 70 skeletons brought out by this study, samples have been sent to the College of Postgraduate and Research (TECON) for scientific analysis.
In the analysis, these lizards were classified according to the nature of the analysis, which identified the species Timikalai, buffalo, goat, wild boar, kalaman and myrtle with the help of lizards.
The study also found that animals such as cow, buffalo and goat are used to support agriculture, as well as to feed animals such as deer, bat and wild boar, as they are found in some of the raised samples.
With the conclusion of the survey, the community of the Sangam took up animal husbandry, which was the primary agricultural sector.
Models of brick and limestone roofing and limestone coating have been sent to Vellore Technical University for analysis.
Each of these minerals, such as silicone, limestone, iron, aluminum and magnesium, can be found in this study.
Work is underway to set up a museum at the main site at an estimated cost of Rs. 20 crore for the benefit of more and more Tamil scholars, students, students and the general public in the lower part of the country to protect such rare species.
The fifth phase of excavation will be extended for two weeks and the work will continue.
Similarly, Tamil Nadu Minister for Language and Tamil Culture K Pandiarajan said that the state government will work with the central government for the sixth phase of excavation at four locations next year.
Among the dignitaries present on the occasion were Manamadurai legislator S Nagarajan, former MP Senthilanathan, Assistant Director of Archaeology Jeevanandam, keeper Asaithambi, Thirupuvanam Vattiyar Raja and other government officials.
On behalf of the Andhra Club, on the occasion of World Older Persons Day, Asiana Subam organized an old man's dress parade, dance and singing celebrations on behalf of the Old Age Residential Institute.
The 92-year-old grandmother danced to the song 'Aadum Bombay.'
Actress Ambika, singer LR Eswari and Poornima Kumar presented prizes to the Ramanan couple who were chosen as the best elderly couple.
The event was organised by Virgo Evans Poornima Kumar.
Businessman Nalli Kuppusamy Chetty, actress Ambika and singer LR Eswari participated in the function and felicitated the old people who won the contest.
Fifteen grandparents participated in the fashion show.
Haripriya took the lead.
Rodriguez finished second and third.
The beautiful grandparents wore fashion clothes and marched.
It was the first of its kind, and the second of its kind.
The best players were Susan, Kala and Vanaja.
The Ramanan couple finished first and the Srinivasan and Balampala couple finished second in the contest.
The old people's families participated and encouraged them.
The 92-year-old Lalitha danced to the song 'Aadum Bombay.'
Virgo Evans Poornima Kumar said that the old man's day should be celebrated as Women's Day and boyfriend's day in a grand manner.
Labour Commissioner Muthumanikkam participated in the International Labour Organization meeting.
International Labour Organization (ILO) is the only tripartite body established in the United Nations.
Labour laws are enacted in all countries of the world on the basis of the conventions and recommendations of the United Nations International Labour Organization.
A review of such conventions and recommendations is being held at the International Labour Organization (ILO) campus in Geneva, Switzerland till the 27th.
The meeting will discuss, discuss and send all the traditions and recommendations to the Governing Council.
The meeting was attended by Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner Muthumanikkam, Ministry of Labour and Employment as a representative of the Government of India.
International trade unions, employers and governments from 187 countries are participating in the tripartite meeting.
This is the first time that a Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner has been sent as a representative of India for such a task, according to a press release issued by the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner.
In this situation, actor Vijay's father and director SA Chandrasekhar flew from Chennai to Thoothukudi today to attend a function to be held at Nagarkovil in Kanyakumari district.
They were asked about Vijay's speech and his opposition to ADMK.
In response, he said, "Subashri died in an accident when a banner fell while riding a bike on the road.
Everyone is talking about this incident.
Vijay also spoke about one such thing that everyone is talking about.
Why has the court not arrested those involved in Subasri's case yet? '
At this stage, he did not know why the ministers and ADMK were opposed to Vijay's comments and said, "Is Vijay's platform a sign of entering politics?"
"I don't know anything like that.
Let's go, let's go, let's go, "he said.
Deputy Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam reviewed the residences of the Tamil Nadu Slum Transfer Board at Raja Annamalaipuram and Valiswaran Temple Garden in Chennai today and enquired about the grievances of the general public.
In 1979 - 80, 488 residences were severely damaged.
The Deputy Chief Minister assured the residents that work will be started soon and new settlements will be completed, in response to the demands of the residents for demolishing the old dilapidated dwellings and building new ones.
The Deputy Chief Minister informed that with an estimated project cost of Rs 67.89 crore, 200 square feet of old houses will be demolished and new houses with an area of 400 square feet, one bedroom, one reception room, one kitchen, one bathroom and one toilet will soon be constructed under the Housing for All programme.
He said the contract points for the project have been finalized, and the existing settlements will soon be demolished, and the construction of new settlements will be expedited.
The Deputy Chief Minister has directed the officials of the concerned Slum Transplant Board and Chennai Municipal Corporation to maintain the area clean and hygienic till then.
O. Panneerselvam said that 6 lakh houses have been constructed so far for the poor homeless and everyone will be given houses by 2023.
Ravi MLA and officials went there.
On behalf of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation, young artistes will be given Carnatic music.
The Indira Sivasailam Foundation organized the 7th edition of "Anvesha Quest for the Best" as a prelude to the annual Indira Sivasailam Foundation Music Festival at Madras Music Academy.
The "Anvesha Bal Vidwan" competition introduced in 2018 provides a platform for budding musicians to showcase their talents in Carnatic music in the presence of eminent arbitrators from The Music Academy Advanced School of Karnataka and the Indira Sivasailam Foundation Medal winners.
The participants were requested to upload their talent and performance in Carnatic music in a video format on the Facebook page of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation.
This year, nearly 100 competitors including a few participants from Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and USA and Middle East participated in the competition.
The Jury will include Perasiri Rita Rajan, Dr. RS Jayalakshmi, members of the Editorial Board of The Music Academy Advanced School of Carnatic Music and Dr. Bandula Rama, the recipient of this year's Indira Sivasailam Foundation Medal.
This year, apart from opportunities and musical instruments for artists from 10-15 years of age (flute and violin), a competition for artists from 16-20 years of age was also introduced.
The participants from all three categories displayed their skills in a very effective manner.
The details of the winners of Anvesha 2019 are as follows:
Suvatika, Dhruv S. Badangi and Kamatchi Ambadiputhi and Abramaya Seshadri have also won the musical instrument category.
RD Shyam Raghav has won the musical instrument category for artistes from the age of 16 to 20 years.
The awardees were Dr. Bandula Rama, Perasiri Rita Rajan, Dr. RS Jayalakshmi and Sunita Subramanian of Indira Sivasailam Foundation.
The audience and participants who attended the event appreciated the efforts of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation to preserve and preserve Carnatic music in the form of art among the budding artists.
Bill Gates Foundation Award to an Indian girl who fought against child marriage
A 17-year-old girl from Rajasthan has been awarded the 'ChangeMaker' award on behalf of the Bill Gates Foundation for her fight against child marriage and child labour.
Payal Jankit (17), a girl from Hinsla village, 100 km from Jaipur, Rajasthan.
He campaigned vigorously against child marriage and child labour in his village.
He also carried out this campaign in some villages of Aru Gil in his village.
Many of these weddings have been attributed to him.
In recognition of Boyle's actions, he was awarded the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Award.
The award ceremony was held in New York City on Tuesday night.
Boyle Jankit received the 'ChangeMaker' award from Deputy General Secretary Amina J. Mohammed.
After winning the award, Boyle said, "There were many problems in our village.
In particular, the girls will not be allowed to study outside.
They decide to get married at a young age.
The family decided to marry me at a young age.
At that time, I approached a social worker and pacified my father.
Following this, we held several rallies and rallies against child marriage and demanded that children be sent to school.
We went to every house and made everyone aware about it.
Parents should give every child an opportunity to improve his or her life.
A public apology period of two months has been announced in Jordan.
The Foreign Employment Bureau has reported that the Jordanian Consulate General has announced that the amnesty period, which began on September 22, will remain in effect until November 29.
Foreign workers who travel to Jordan with an industrial visa and stay without a visa for a specified period of time will be able to travel to the country without paying any penalty during this amnesty period.
However, the Jordanian Embassy has said that foreigners who go on tourist visas and stay illegally after the visa period is over can leave after paying the penalty money.
It is noteworthy that in the month of February last year, a similar amnesty period was announced for foreigners staying illegally in Jordan.
Does the BJP take up caste politics in Tamil Nadu?
Whatever be the case in Tamilnadu, it is said that the BJP will finally take up caste politics if it is not able to keep the lotus blossoming.
When Modi was the Prime Minister for the first time, there was a situation in Tamil Nadu where he had to leave his hand and watch Tamar.
After that, for the second time, during the ongoing MP elections, Amit Shah said, "I don't know what to do and I want Thamarai to bloom in Tamil Nadu."
However, only five of the contested constituencies were able to win the soil.
Even though there is a lot of baggage all over the country, there is a wave of protests in Tamilnadu.
Above all, the issue of triple talaq, Kashmir, imposition of Hindi, one nation, one language.
When all of this is done, it is still visible.
That's why it is said that the BJP leadership is so angry with the Tamilnadu BJP executives that even the state leadership is still unable to be appointed.
Even though this is on the one hand, the BJP is planning to root out the BJP in Tamil Nadu in the upcoming assembly elections.
The BJP leadership seems to have come to a close with a direct field report, intelligence report and so on.
Accordingly, there is a feeling among the people of the respective communities that the two Dravidian parties do not give enough importance to the people of Nadar, Vanniar and Devendra Kula Vellalar.
It is said that the Dravidian parties are in a state of regret.
This is the formula that has been adopted by the BJP as a tactic.
They have decided to honour their respective communities by giving them a position of pride or importance.
The appointment of Tamil Nadu Soundarajan as Governor of Telangana is one such thing.
Similarly, it is said that the BJP government is also giving importance to the top-ranking Nadars of ISRO.
It is true that if the BJP acts in such a manner that it honors every race then it will bring pride and happiness to the people of the respective communities.
Moreover, there is nothing that doesn't matter, this caste will only make a mockery of the BJP in politics.
At the same time, when Tamil Nadu is already embroiled in caste politics, it is not known whether these activities of the BJP will become like pouring more oil into the burning fire.
It is true that if the caste fire starts to burn, even the bald of Tamar, who is now suffering a little loss in Tamilnadu, will be burnt in the same fire!
A wage labourer was murdered by a drunk Assam near Villupuram.
A wage labourer was fatally killed by cutting a young Seenu with a knife in an earlier clash near Valvanur.
The assistant inspector who went to catch the offender was also beaten with a knife, causing tension.
Thanikairaj (28) is the son of a beggar from Kengarampalayam Colony near Valavanur near Villupuram.
A hired labourer.
He is the son of the same name (33).
They have been involved in frequent disputes and clashes while drinking in the area.
There are also cases against them at the Valavanur police station.
At this stage, Aiyanar, who is doing a young business, used to drink alcohol at night, have a knife and regularly threaten the general public.
In this way, he used to drink alcohol on Saturday evening and in the colony of Gengarampalayam, he used to take a young cutting knife and intimidate people on the road.
At that time, Iyanar went to Thanigairaj's house because of his opposition and had a dispute with him at home.
In the clash, young Seenu suddenly cut off Thanigairaj with a knife.
Thanigairaj, who fell in blood, died at the scene.
Following this, he drove people away with a knife and wandered along the road.
Manikantan, an assistant police inspector from Valanur, who was informed, and the police rushed to catch him.
At that time, Assistant Inspector Manikantan was cut in the hand and injured in a knife attack.
He was immediately admitted to a private hospital and treated.
Following this, the police arrested him and took him to the police station.
Knowing about the incident, Villupuram DSB J Shankar, Valavanur Police Inspector Nandagopal and the police rushed to the scene of the murder and conducted an investigation.
Police protection was put in place at Kengarampalayam, the border area of Puduvai.
In response to this complaint, the Valavanur police have filed a murder case, arrested Ayyanar and are conducting an intensive investigation.
The Road Safety Camp and Awareness Rally was organised by Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Science, New Prince, Medawakkam, Chennai and Chennai Metropolitan Traffic Police (Madipakkam Traffic Police Station).
M. Prabhakaran, director of Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Science, New Prince welcomed everyone.
Senior Chief Minister V Karunanidhi, Chief Minister V Uma Devi, Deputy Chief Minister A Mathias Bachelli and others participated in the function.
L. Navin Prasad, Vice President, New Prince Education Group, inaugurated the Road Safety Awareness Camp.
Madipakkam Traffic Police Inspector Sivasankaran participated as a special guest and flagged off the awareness rally and handed over a manual on road safety regulations to the students.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the need for road regulations should start from the students because the parents and the society are dependent on them.
Youth are the most affected by road accidents. To prevent this, such awareness programmes must be organized in schools and colleges.
Everyone should follow the traffic rules not to impose fines but to save your life.
Students must wear headscarves while travelling in bicycles and never use mobile phones when driving.
The vehicles should be driven only after learning the road regulations properly.
The drivers should extend adequate cooperation to the traffic guards.
If every college administration keeps track of the students following the road rules, it will save the precious lives of the students.
The future of the country is in the hands of the youth and it is an essential duty of the traffic police and the general public to protect such youth.
Assistant Inspector Ravi Kumar, Chief Guards Kandiban, Srinivasan, Thyagarajan and others participated in the camp.
Professor Senaka Vigil lost his life and completed 42 years today.
Professor Senaka Vigil has lost his life in the advancement of the National Drug Policy and is completing 42 years today.
He will be killed in a mysterious manner on the island of Guyana.
He is the first professor of medicine in the country.
Professor Senaka Vigil has served as the first faculty member of the Faculty of Medicine at Peradeniya University.
He highlighted the issues related to drug sales being carried out by the country's multi-national institutions and came under various pressure from these vendors.
The losses incurred by the government due to drugs imported into the country under different names are crores of rupees.
Therefore, he highlighted the importance of the National Drug Policy to the Government.
He worked to provide the patients with 335 medicines at reasonable prices and high quality.
As a result of this action, he was subjected to the wrath of the various institutions.
The mystery of his death has not yet been revealed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, in his address to the United Nations today, did not utter a single word on the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
The 74th session of the United Nations is currently underway.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the gathering on behalf of India.
In his address, the Prime Minister called upon the world to unite against terrorism.
He also recalled the lines sung by the Tamil poet Kaniyan Poonkundar, Yaadum Ore Yaavarum Kelir.
The Prime Minister said that India is making a big contribution towards finding a solution to global warming, and added that India's contribution to global warming is low, and the solution is high.
The Government of India is making a serious effort to make it a plastic free country.
He said the biggest health assurance scheme is being implemented in India.
Yaadum Ore Yaavarum Kelir... Modi spoke in Tamil about the world's most beautiful comment in the UN.
But he did not mention anything about the Jammu and Kashmir issue anywhere in his speech.
This is because the central government has firmly decided that Jammu and Kashmir is an internal matter of India.
While Pakistan wants this to be an international issue, political observers say that Modi has not spoken a word about Jammu and Kashmir.
This has given a message to the world that Kashmir is India's internal affairs.
2,993 tribes have passed the literacy test held in Kerala.
He was 85 years old when he was still alive.
According to the 2011 census, 93.91% of the population of Kerala was literate.
The Kerala government is making efforts to make it 100 per cent.
For this purpose, the State Literacy Commission was set up.
The Commission conducts classes and examinations for literacy in every district.
Importantly, the Commission is making serious efforts to provide literacy to tribals, fishermen and displaced workers.
In this context, literacy classes have been conducted for the people living in the tribal areas of Wayanad district since February and recently examinations have been conducted.
The exam had 100 marks; 30 marks were reserved for reading ability, 40 marks for writing ability, and 30 marks for mathematical knowledge.
It is mandatory to score 30 marks to qualify for the examination.
3,090 tribal people from Wayanad district participated in the examination.
According to the Literacy Commission, 2,993 of them passed the exam.
One of them is 85 years old.
Director of School Education S. Kannappan has directed that students studying in 27 Government and Government aided schools should be given textbooks and notebooks for the second season on 3rd October.
In this regard, he has sent a circular to all District Principal Education Officers and District Education Officers on Wednesday:
Free notebooks have been distributed to all districts through DNPL to government and government-aided schools.
Similarly, the two season free textbooks have been sent through the Tamil Nadu Text Books Corporation.
All District Principal Education Officers will be required to provide textbooks and notebooks to all Government and Government aided schools in their district by 30th September.
He further said that all headmasters should be advised to provide free textbooks and notebooks for the second season on the first day of school after the quarterly holiday.
