Today is International Information Day.
Following this, the Ministry of Mass Media has declared Information Month.
It will take place from the 15th of this month until the 15th of next month.
A number of programs will be implemented during this period to encourage action on the right to information.
In Sri Lanka, the Freedom of Information Act 2016 will be passed by Parliament.
It is a step towards further strengthening democracy.
This law is currently standardized as the fourth law in the world.
The use of plastic products has been banned at the BJP headquarters in Delhi.
Disposable plastic items such as water bottles are banned there.
India is currently preparing for the next election campaign.
Maharashtra and Haryana will go to the polls next month on the 21st.
Election results are due on the 24th of the same month.
The parties are all now preparing very seriously for this.
In this context, the Election Committee meeting on behalf of the BJP was held in Delhi.
Prime Minister Modi, BJP national leader Amit Shah and BJP national executive chairman JB Natta were also present at the consultation.
Prime Minister Modi had earlier held consultations with the BJP's election committee in March.
Then in his Independence Day speech he spoke of avoiding plastic items.
He demanded that disposable plastic items be avoided.
In this context, the BJP headquarters has now banned wholesale disposable plastic items.
Mainly water bottles are all dropped en masse.
Water bottles were not used at the BJP meeting today.
Instead people who come there are given water in a glass jar.
The move is said to have been taken at the request of Prime Minister Modi.
It is noteworthy that many Netizens have commented praising the move.
Kulalai Ismail is from Pakistan.
She is a social activist who has been speaking out against child marriage, violence against women, genocide and oppression since childhood.
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa posted photos on social media with evidence of sexual harassment by the Pakistani military against tribal Pashtun women and girls in some areas, including Balochistan province.
Due to this, a "treason case" has been registered against Kulalai and the police are actively trying to arrest him.
But Kulalai Ismail escaped from Pakistan with the help of friends and relatives and took refuge in the United States.
In this case, the U.S. in New York. D. Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan addressed the gathering yesterday.
"There are no militant organizations in Pakistan. Therefore, we must all unite against terrorism," he said.
Police are investigating the incident in which a youth who was using a cell phone was electrocuted by a charger.
Ramakrishnan hails from Odappalli area near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district.
His son Devendran (age 27).
He used to work as a tower manager in a famous private cell phone company.
Devendran had put the cell phone charger in his house yesterday afternoon and was looking at it.
Then there was a sudden leakage of electricity and Devendran was electrocuted.
He died of his injuries after being thrown into it.
Pallipalayam police arrived at the scene and conducted an investigation.
Devendran's body was later sent to Pallipalayam Government Hospital for autopsy.
A complaint was lodged at the Pallipalayam police station.
Police have registered a case and are investigating.
The incident has caused a stir in the area.
The Supreme Court has categorically stated that it will not be given even one day after October 18 to present arguments in the Ayodhya case.
The apex court is hearing appeals against the Allahabad High Court's verdict in the Ayodhya case.
The trial has been going on in the Supreme Court on a daily basis since the 6th of last month.
The court has instructed to complete the arguments by October 18.
A bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gokhale is hearing the case.
The trial has been going on for an additional hour since last Monday.
During yesterday's debate, Islamic organizations objected to a 2003 report by the Archaeological Survey of India.
Commenting on this, the judges said, “If there is an objection to the report of the Archaeological Department, you may have raised it in the Allahabad High Court.
There you will get relief according to the law.
We will not allow it to arise here. "
In this context, the Ayodhya case came up for hearing again today.
At the time, Islamic organizations objected to the Archaeological Department's report and apologized if court time had been wasted.
Advocates for Islamic organizations have not lost the right to question the Archaeological Department report.
However, the judges said the evidence could not be assessed after it was accepted by the court.
The judges again pointed out that the arguments in the Ayodhya case should be completed by October 18, and accordingly the Hindu and Muslim parties should specify a time limit for concluding their arguments.
The judges said they would not be given a single day to present arguments after October 18 and that it would be better if the case was adjudicated within four weeks.
They also said that with the holidays coming up in October, only one lawyer would be allowed to present objections on behalf of Hindu organizations.
Uttarakhand BJP chief Trivendra Singh has indifferently said that increasing the dosage of the pill for dengue fever will do nothing but increase it.
About 4800 people have been diagnosed with dengue fever in Uttarakhand.
Authorities have so far confirmed 3,000 cases of dengue in Dehradun and 1,100 in Haldwani.
Also, 4 of them died in Dehradun and 2 in Haldwani.
As of Sept. 17, eight people had died, according to the state Department of Health.
Asked if there had been an increase in mosquito-borne infections in the state of Uttarakhand since then, he said indifferently, "Patients with dengue are taking 650 milligrams of paracetamol dosage instead of the paracetamol dose of 500 mg, with a little rest to cure the disease."
The incident in which a mysterious object exploded in a prayer room near Tiruvallur and killed a priest has caused a stir in the area.
Govindaraj (age 45) hails from Iriyamangalam area next to Tiruvallur.
The preacher was not married.
He also knows Siddha medicine, astrology and yoga.
A native of Nanganallur, Chennai, he bought an acre of land here 15 years ago and lived alone.
He grew herbs around the house.
Lavanya, a teenager from Besant Nagar, Chennai, came and stayed at Govindaraj's house last Saturday.
Samiyar Govindaraj was performing pooja in the prayer room at home last evening.
Then suddenly the mysterious object exploded with a terrifying noise.
In this Govindaraj's body caught fire.
Screaming, he ran out of the house.
When Lavanya, who was in the next room, heard the noise and came out, Govindaraj was shocked to find her body charred.
Govindaraj succumbed to his injuries on the spot.
Upon receiving the information, the Mappedu police rushed to the spot and recovered Govindaraj's body and sent it to the Tiruvallur Government Hospital for autopsy.
Lavanya was in a nearby room when the mysterious object exploded and fortunately escaped.
What is the meaning of the explosion in the prayer room?
The bomb is unknown.
Forensic expert Nalina and officers led by Deputy Superintendent of Police Harini collected clues at the scene.
It has been sent for analysis.
What is the meaning of the explosion in the prayer room after its conclusion?
There is also blood stains in the prayer room.
Police suspect there is no chance of bloodshed during the fire.
Govindaraj has decided to hold a physical examination and conduct further investigation.
The woman who was staying with him in this regard is also under investigation.
The incident in which a mysterious object exploded in a prayer room and killed a priest has caused a stir in the area.
Case of impersonation in NEET exam c. B. C. I. D police are investigating.
In this case, Udit Surya, who was arrested the day before yesterday, told his father Venkatesh that Theni c. B. C. I. The investigation was carried out in the D office.
D South Regional Superintendent Vijayakumar and Deputy Superintendent Hardwin Jagadeeskumar, Theni c. B. C. I. D Analyst Chitradevi investigated and duly recorded the confession.
Then, after completing the medical examination, Theni was produced before the Criminal Justice Arbitration Judge Panneer Selvam at 8.15 last night.
Actor Sasikumar film shooting ... Suffering government hospital patients?
All the inpatients of the hospital, suffered greatly from this noise.
Many saw the fun, including night-time doctors, nurses and staff.
Investigation revealed that all those ambulances were used for the shooting of a new film to be made under the direction of Ponram, starring actor Sasikumar.
It is alleged that actor Sasikumar did not get proper permission from the hospital management for the shooting of the film.
Immediately, the public there blocked the ambulances and got into an argument with the film crew.
Upon learning of this, the Ghanaian police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning.
But by then the crew had left.
We contacted the film crew to explain the incident.
But could not be reached.
The statue of Natarajar, which was recovered from Australia, was placed at the Kulsekaramudaiyar temple shrine in Kallidaikurichi yesterday.
Tirunelveli District Kallidaikurichi Aramvalartha Nayaki Sametha Kulasekaramudaiyar Temple is located.
The two and a half feet high Natarajar idol, Sivagami Ambal, Manikkavaskar and Sripalinathar idols in the Natarajar shrine in this ancient temple were looted in 1982.
The statues were revealed to be in an Australian museum.
The idol was recovered and brought to Tamil Nadu at the initiative of the personnel led by Special Officer Pon Manikkavel of the Idol Smuggling Prevention Unit.
The stone was brought yesterday morning following a Kumbakonam court order.
The public greeted the statue, which arrived in a police vehicle, with a stone sign on the stone.
Later the idol was placed in the sanctum sanctorum of Kulasekara Temple.
Special Officer Pon Manikkavel said: We will soon find the other three idols, including the stolen Sivagami Ambal.
Those involved in the incident will be arrested soon, he said.
CBCID police have arrested 3 more medical students and their father in connection with the NEET exam impersonation case.
Uditsurya and his father Dr Venkatesh, who works at Stanley Hospital in Chennai, have been arrested in connection with the impersonation of NEET exam.
Dr Venkatesh was suspended yesterday while they were being interrogated.
Meanwhile, the CPCIT police were conducting a serious investigation into the impersonation case.
Three medical students from Kanchipuram were arrested yesterday and three more were arrested today.
Abirami, Praveen and Rahul from Krishnagiri and Villupuram medical colleges and their father were arrested by the CPCIT police today and are being questioned.
Six intermediaries have been arrested in the case.
It is alleged that the CBCID is currently taking action based on the confession given by Udit Surya during his interrogation of his father.
According to the CPCIT, many shocking information has been leaked following the impersonation of NEET.
President Maithripala Sirisena has said that the country has developed a system of university graduates protesting in the streets demanding education, away from the fields of science, technology and research.
Therefore, it is very important to make the necessary fundamental changes in the national education policies and to introduce and implement the new education systems of the developed countries in the world.
The President was addressing the inaugural function of the second phase of the 'Shilpa Sena' exhibition at the Kallella National Stadium in Polonnaruwa yesterday (25) morning.
The second phase of the Shilpa Sena Exhibition, organized by the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, will be held at the Kallella National Stadium, Polonnaruwa from yesterday to the 29th with knowledge, new discoveries and various pleasurable events.
Addressing the inaugural event, the President added that the progress of the world is through new discoveries in science and technology through research.
The President also emphasized the need for experts in the field to focus on the challenges facing the people of our country due to climate change in this age where the cooperation of the scientific, technological and research sectors is increasingly required.
The President noted that the main challenge in the journey towards development as a nation is that most people in the political, scientific, technological and research fields do not think about the country and think only of themselves. He added that the loss of the country was a major problem.
The Shilpa Sena exhibition under the theme 'Prosperous Country with Strong Hands' is mainly divided into five sections namely Career Entrepreneurship in the Technology Field, Labor Market, New Products, Blue and Green Sector and Delight.
The Technology Division is organized to promote modern science, technology and research knowledge in key themes such as STEM Education, Aerospace Technology, Biotechnology, Robotics, Nanotechnology, Megatonics, New Power, Blue Green Technology, 55G IoT.
The New Products section of the Shilpa Sena Exhibition showcases more than 250 innovations made by innovators in the country, as well as projects to commercialize those products.
The President inaugurated the exhibition, visited it and had a cordial discussion with the staff.
Secretary, Ministry of Science, Technology and Research Many officials, including Lokuhettike, attended the event.
The Dasara festival started with the flag hoisting at the Kulasa Mutharamman Temple.
The annual Dasara festival at the Kulasekaranpattinam Mutharamman Temple near Thiruchendur in the Thoothukudi district is world famous.
After the Dussehra at the Chamundeeswari Amman Temple in Mysore, India, millions of devotees flock to Kulasa for the festival.
The uniqueness of the Kulasekaranpattinam Mutharamman Temple Festival is that it worships the Goddess in various guises from fasting to paying the dues.
It is special to have a strict fast of 48 days.
The 2019 Dasara Festival kicked off with flag hoisting this morning.
The Dasara festival lasts for 10 days.
Mahishasuravatham, the main event of the Dasara festival, takes place on October 8.
On that day and night, Ambika wakes up at Kulasa beach and kills Mahisha.
It is estimated that more than 6 lakh devotees will pay homage to the Goddess ahead of the festival.
Devotees have the great privilege of seeing their mother and father together as Mutharamman blesses them from here at the Moolasthan with Gnanamurthyswara.
Ambika Mutharamman is the unshakable hope of the devotees that she will not be able to solve the mental problem, marriage ban, child birth ban etc.
At least 20 people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in Indonesia on Thursday.
According to the country's National Disaster Rescue Agency and Rescue Force officials:
At 8.45am (local time) on Thursday, a powerful earthquake shook the region of Ambon near Maluku Islands.
The quake measured 6.5 on the Richter scale.
Many houses collapsed due to the quake; Landslides occurred in various places.
Twenty people were killed in these incidents.
They were trapped in the rubble and buried in the landslide.
One of them, a woman, died when she was hit by a two-wheeler while speeding towards a higher area for fear of a tsunami.
In addition, 100 people were injured in the quake; Authorities say 2,000 people have been evacuated to safer areas.
The quake affected Ambon, a city of 4 lakh people and its environs.
The quake shook the city hospital, and patients and others rushed to the scene.
Subsequently, a temporary camp was set up in which patients were reportedly staying.
A 7.5-magnitude earthquake in Indonesia last year killed at least 4,300 people.
A robbery attempt has taken place at the Kanchipuram ATM.
The mysterious gang of 3 people who came on a motorcycle fled after seeing the police.
State Bank of India ATM is located at Velinga Workshop, Kanchipuram.
At around 3am today, three mysterious people on a motorcycle stopped the car in front of the ATM and then looked at the camera at the ATM door.
Then they hit the spray they brought with them on that camera.
Kanchipuram taluka police inspector Bhaskar, sub-inspector Cellappillai and the police were on night patrol that way.
When the police heard the sound of the horn, the three persons who came on a motorcycle took the vehicle fast and fled.
But Inspector Bhaskar chased them for a while.
But he entered an alley and escaped.
Kanchipuram taluka police have registered a case and are searching the web for the mysterious persons involved in the attempted robbery at the ATM.
As police arrived on patrol there, millions of cash in the ATM escaped.
I. D. Minister Cellur Raju has said that Tamils ​​should appreciate Prime Minister Modi for speaking in such a way as to highlight the pride of Tamils ​​in the House.
According to Cooperatives Minister Cellur Raju, he will talk lively at the AIADMK meetings he attends and ease tensions there.
Also, when he meets reporters, he makes awkward comments about his interview making headlines.
In this case, the I. held in the United States. D. During the meeting, Prime Minister Modi quoted the paraphrase "Everybody listens to anything".
In this context, he said today that Tamils ​​should thank and appreciate Prime Minister Modi for that and that it is our duty.
Also, i. D. Prime Minister Modi has said that he has made Tamil proud among the world leaders in the House.
He told reporters at the Madurai Arappalayam bus stand that new buses were being flagged off.
Minister Cellur Raju's interview has embarrassed the BJP.
Meanwhile, he said that the rule of law was prevailing in Tamil Nadu, an example of which was the arrest of former AIADMK councilor Jayagopal, who was responsible for Subasree's death.
He assured that the AIADMK government would not make fun of whoever did wrong and that action would be taken without mercy.
Tahil Ramani was the Chief Justice of the Chennai High Court.
One year after his appointment as Chief Justice, the Collegium Committee recommended to the Central Government to appoint another Chief Justice for Chennai.
Accordingly, it was decided to appoint Tahil Ramani as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
Judge Tahil Ramani refused to accept the transfer and made a request to the collegium.
But, his request was rejected.
Subsequently, he submitted his resignation letter.
In this situation, Tahil Ramani was prosecuted for his transfer.
Meanwhile, the federal government announced that Tahil Ramani's resignation letter had been accepted.
The lawsuit was dismissed.
In this context, a section reception was held for Tahil Ramani on behalf of the Chennai High Court Bar Association.
The protest took place on behalf of the Secular Progressive Alliance, which condemned the Hindu Front's violent course of action in connection with the 28 knitting company attack and urged the police to take swift action.
On the 5th, more than 60 members of the Hindu Front stormed into a knitting company on Tirupur Angeripalayam Road.
As a result, workers were attacked and company property was damaged.
The police have done some rye in this regard.
The protest was announced on the 9th on behalf of the Tirupur Secular Progressive Alliance, which has drawn strong condemnation from industry, various political parties, movements and the general public.
A complaint was lodged with the District Collector and the Tirupur Municipal Commissioner of Police against the denial of permission.
A subsequent consultative meeting on September 17 announced another protest on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance.
Police in riot gear stormed a rally on Friday, removing hundreds of protesters by truck from Tirupur.
Tirupur North District DMK Secretary K. Selvaraj took the lead.
CPI (M) state committee member Q. Kamaraj, Tiruppur District CBI (M) Secretary Ch. All party executives, including Muthukkannan, Tirupur district CBI secretary M. Ravi, Congress' Ramasamy and Madhimuga Sampath, took part in the protest.
Police in riot gear stormed a rally on Friday, removing hundreds of protesters by truck.
At the time, the secular Progressive Alliance said; In Tirupur, on the 5th, the Hindu Front attacked the knitting company and rioted.
We condemned the incident and duly asked for permission to hold a democratic demonstration. The police did not give permission and we lodged a complaint with the Collector and the Commissioner of Police.
Police have also arrested a few people in connection with the attack on the knitting company.
They also said that the police should take immediate action to arrest the Hindu Front rowdies involved in the incident.
Police in riot gear stormed a rally on Friday, removing hundreds of protesters by truck.
The protesters chanted slogans condemning the attack on the knitting company in Tirupur by the Hindu Front and the religious violence perpetrated by the Hindu Front in various forms.
It is no exaggeration to say that the Orb Bottom conducted by the secularly progressive alliances of the democratically controlled Todu created awareness against violence among the people of Tirupur!
A fine of Rs 100 crore has been levied on OC passengers on trains.
Railway police will register a case and impose fines on passengers who do not have a ticket on the train.
In that sense the number of travelers without tickets has increased this year compared to last year.
During April-September 2018, the OC registered 17.42 lakh cases of travel and collected a total of Rs 87.98 crore in fines, while in the current year, 19.15 lakh cases were registered and fines of Rs 100.29 crore were collected. According to a press release issued by the Railways.
Collectors congratulated Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy on presenting the Central Government Awards to Namakkal and Tiruvallur districts for outstanding work in the medical service.
Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy at the General Secretariat yesterday (26) at a function held in New Delhi on 6.9.2019 on behalf of the Ministry of Women and Child Development in New Delhi. Namakkal District Collector M.S. Asia Mariam and Tiruvallur District Collector Maheshwari Ravikumar presented the award for the best district to the Tiruvallur district for creating awareness among the people about the project.
During the event, the Minister of Social Welfare and Nutrition, Dr.V. Saroja, Chief Secretary K.Shanmugam, Social Welfare and Nutrition Department Secretary S. Madhumati and Social Welfare Commissioner T. Abraham were present.
"People will come forward to do it if I do!" Commenting on the initiative, Ramsingh said, "People are frustrated with the difficulties of buying more vegetables, traffic jams and various other activities such as environmental pollution.
While many have complained about this, they do not seem to be thinking of an alternative or realizing that they have the solution.
The right solution to this is that people will come forward to follow if I do what I believe.
So my wife and I go 10k once a week. I am. We walk long distances and buy vegetables.
It has become a habit now, as it has been going on for six months.
I'm very satisfied right now. "
"Many said it was difficult to walk around carrying lots of vegetables. I suggested they carry a bamboo basket to fight the plastic threat.
But, they laughed when they heard it.
So, my wife and I went to the market carrying a bamboo basket.
That’s when I realized to myself that it would be very helpful in many ways.
Many young people these days are not in good health.
I think they should start walking and control their diet.
I deeply believe that the traditional method can provide the best solutions to the innovative challenges that arise in the modernized world.
One can be completely healthy if one practices traditional methods, ”says Ram Singh IAS.
Heart disease, including heart attack, is one of the leading causes of death worldwide. Sengottuvelu said.
World Heart Day is observed annually on September 29th.
Putting this in front of Dr. G. S. Awareness program on behalf of the Heart Foundation, Let's Join the Heart - Let's Save the Heart was held on 27.9.2019 in Thiagarayar, Chennai.
Apollo Hospital Senior Consultant and Interventional Cardiologist Dr. G. Senkottuvelu presided over the event.
Filmmaker Sivak Kumar, who was present as the special guest, adopted the language of the Guardians of the Heart - Heart Heroes - including the doctors on the head.
Following this, Sivak Kumar spoke on living a healthy life.
The head of the hospital, Dr. A. Muruganathan received.
Medical expert G.S. Cheng Kottuvelu said:
Heart disease, including heart attack, is one of the leading causes of death worldwide.
Heart disease is on the rise in India.
Young people also suffer from heart attacks.
If we keep our body safe and alert, we can prevent up to 80 percent of heart disease.
If mom, dad, grandparents have heart disease we are also more likely to get heart disease.
If we follow a healthy lifestyle, we can prevent heart disease to some extent.
In modern medicine it is possible to predict who will have a heart attack.
If detected early, it can prevent a heart attack.
Even a heart attack can be cured quickly.
Thus he said.
The Election Commission has reduced the disqualification period of Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh, who was convicted in a corruption case, from 6 years to one year.
Thus the impediment to contesting in the Tamang by-election has been removed.
Sikkim Assembly elections were held with the Lok Sabha elections.
Sikkim Krantikari Morcha Amoka won the election.
The party's leader, Prem Singh Tamang, took over as chief minister.
But in a corruption case in 2016, the lower court sentenced Taman to life imprisonment.
This was confirmed by the Supreme Court and he was imprisoned.
The controversy erupted shortly after Tamang took office, as a man serving a prison sentence in a corruption case could not run in the election for 6 years.
In this situation, Tamang is contesting the by-elections in Sikkim.
Tamang is ruling Sikkim with the support of the BJP.
Meanwhile, Tamang had sent a letter to the Election Commission citing various legal provisions and demanding the lifting of the six-year ban on him from contesting elections.
After considering the letter, the Election Commission announced that it would reduce the ban on Tamang to one year and one month.
This does not preclude Tamang from contesting the by-elections.
The BJP can now start playing its politics in other states, including Tamil Nadu, using the concession given to Taman.
The Election Commission and the reports executing the full range of the BJP's wishes may be released.
Government doctor Venkatesh, father of student Udit Surya, has been suspended in a case of impersonation in the NEET exam.
Joseph, who also acted as a mediator in the impersonation case, has been arrested in Kerala.
Udit Surya, a student of Theni Government Medical College, was found to have impersonated in the NEET exam.
Following this, the police registered a case against Udit Surya and his family.
But Udit Surya and his family fled and went into hiding.
Udit Surya had also filed a petition in the court seeking pre-bail.
In this situation, the Tamil Nadu police arrested Udit Surya who was hiding with his family in Tirupati.
Udit Surya's family was arrested and brought to Theni and interrogated for several hours.
During the hearing, Udit Surya's father Dr Venkatesh admitted that his son had been impersonated by a doctor.
All were produced in court and remanded in custody following Venkatesh's confession to police.
Udit Surya's father worked as a government doctor at Stanley Hospital in Chennai.
The Tamil Nadu government has suspended Venkatesh as he is currently under arrest and in jail.
And mediator Joseph has been arrested in Kerala on the basis of a confession given by Venkatesh.
He is to be brought to Tamil Nadu for trial.
Chennai Stanley Government Hospital doctor Venkatesh Venkatesh, father of student Udit Surya, has been suspended in a case of impersonation in the NEET exam.
Meanwhile, the CBCID police today conducted an investigation at the NEED exam training center run by mediator Joseph in Thiruvananthapuram.
Joseph is said to have been involved in a large number of impersonation scams in the name of the Need Training Center.
That is why Joseph is easily approached by Dr. Venkatesh, the father of Udit Surya.
CBCID police are also examining documents at Joseph's training center.
The by-elections for the vacant Nanguneri and Vikravandi constituencies in Tamil Nadu will be held next month (October 21).
In the Vikravandi constituency. மு. க. Competes. The Nanguneri constituency has been allotted to the Congress, the coalition party.
Last night, All India Congress General Secretary and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Mukul Wasnik announced the name of the Congress candidate contesting from Nanguneri constituency.
Kanchipuram North District Chairman Ruby Manokaran (age 60) has been declared the candidate.
Ruby Manokaran's hometown is Marayapuram near Marthandam in Kanyakumari district.
He served in the Indian Air Force for 15 years and has since run a construction company in Chennai.
On the occasion of Periyar's 141st birthday, a special program was presented to 535 Malaysian government Tamil schools as gift books.
Periyar's book 'Reform' was introduced in Bukitporundung and Menthakap Estate Government Tamil Schools.
And this book will be sent in stages to 535 Tamil schools operating in Malaysia.
In the first phase, the books were sent to 150 Tamil schools in Pahang and Selangor.
More than 50,000 students are studying in these schools.
And more than 7,000 teachers.
This book is a great opportunity for students and teachers to learn about Periyar's contribution to the Tamil language.
Dr. Ki. Veeramani's commentary was explained by M. Govindasamy during the inauguration ceremony.
During the event, Chinnaiya was honored with the Periyar Volunteer Award.
Poet and former headmaster of Tamil School Periyar Perundondar Ku. Ka. Rama read a poem about Periyar.
It is noteworthy that the poet Shanmugam from Taiping was also awarded the title of Rational Powler.
There are revolutionary movements before and after Bhagat Singh.
Yet it is not mere praise that Bhagat Singh and his comrades have given a new evolution and a clear ideology to the revolutionary movements and thereby to Indian politics.
We can still see a perception among the people that the revolutionaries were just fools and did not care about human lives.
The Bhagat Singh period gives us a sense of their humanity and clear thinking and ability.
Bhagat Singh's name spread in India after the April 1929 assembly bombing.
He was introduced to the public only in 1930, a little further away in Tamil Nadu.
But within a year of his debut, his fame spread rapidly to all corners of Tamil Nadu.
This is the most amazing news in history, the name of any leader born in the North, including Gandhi, has not spread in Tamil Nadu in such a short time.
Father Periyar is the reason for that.
The week after Bhagat Singh was assassinated, an editorial appeared in the Republican weekly entitled Bhagat Singh.
The editorial praised many of Bhagat Singh's character interests and made some comments on the political situation of the day.
Excerpts from the editorial: -
"Indeed, we will say that Bhagat Singh was convinced that they were right in all his principles and that the models he followed were the right religion to carry out, and that if he had decided that he should have behaved as he did, he would not have been a decent man if he had not done so.
So now we will call him a real man.
Our strong opinion is that India really needs the Bhagat Singh policy.
Mr. Had Bhagat Singh not been hanged and survived, this victory would not have been so popular.
And let us say that if Bhagat Singh had not been hanged, Gandhi would still have been created.
Why did Bhagat Singh, who had to die of self-inflicted illness and ashes, spend more than his life as a useful mother to show the Indian people the path to true equality and peace for the people of the world?
We applaud Bhagat Singh heartily, vaiyara, kaiyara, saying that he is a majority that no one else can achieve by ordinary means! "
Father Periyar mentioned that in the editorial of the Republic magazine.
Police in riot gear stormed a rally on Friday, removing hundreds of protesters by truck.
In it, the girl's hand is tied with a plastic tag and taken to the Juvenile Assessment Center in a police car, where a photo of the girl holding a nameplate is taken as if it were taken by criminals.
His fingerprints have also been taken.
This information was then passed on to the girl's family and she passed it on to her family.
It is unknown at this time what he will do after leaving the post.
My grandmother Kirkland, who agreed to reveal the identity of little Kaya Roll, told the media that my granddaughter, who suffers from 'sleep apnea', has been suffering from this condition at times due to the medication she is taking.
I was so shocked to hear that he had been arrested for it, saying that it was difficult for any 6 year old child to understand and explain this.
In Uttar Pradesh, 73 people have died in 4 days due to floods, the Meteorological Department has issued a Red Alert in most districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh.
Heavy rains over the past four days in Patna, the capital of Bihar, have caused floods in many parts of the state, disrupting rail and road transport.
Several trains were canceled this morning due to heavy rains in Bihar states.
Yesterday, the state chief minister Nitish Kumar held a consultative meeting through video conferencing.
An order has been issued to close all schools until Tuesday.
Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh have also received heavy rains, where many people have lost their lives in rain-related incidents in the last few days.
Uttar Pradesh received 3 per cent more rain than normal on Friday.
The eastern part of the state has been worst affected.
Yesterday, 42.5 m. M rainfall, 6.2 mm in Varanasi. M and it rained.
This is much higher than the average rainfall this year.
At least 26 people were killed yesterday in various parts of Uttar Pradesh.
In the previous 2 days, 47 people died.
Lucknow, Amethi, Hardai and other districts have been inundated due to heavy rains.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has directed district collectors and zonal commissioners to take all necessary security and measures.
In Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, six people have been killed in the last two days due to rains.
Three students were killed when the wall of a government school collapsed in Topwara in Udaipur, Rajasthan.
Three people, including a police constable, were killed in Madhya Pradesh on Friday.
Their bodies were found about a kilometer from the scene.
On the 24th, the World Atomic Energy Agency released a status report.
Michael Skider is the chairman of the committee that produced the report.
According to the study, the nuclear power sector, which accounted for 17.46 percent of the world's energy needs in 1996, has shrunk to 10.15 percent by 2018.
This fall shows that the world's attention is moving beyond nuclear energy to renewable, long-lasting energy.
Rather than nuclear power, renewable energy sources such as solar power, wind power, and hydropower are proliferating globally.
Each year, various organizations co-publish the World Atomic Energy Agency's report.
According to a report released this year, the global nuclear industry seems to be in decline.
The report notes that India's nuclear energy sector is also in a very bad state.
Bill Gates presents Global Goalkeeper Award to Indian Prime Minister Modi for his outstanding implementation of the Clean India initiative.
In India, the Modi-led central government has announced and implemented the "Purity India" program.
Last year in 2014, this project was launched on 2-10-2014, the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi.
The project aims to build toilets in homes, set up public toilets and develop solid waste management.
Under this project, more than 10 crore toilets have been constructed across the country.
Rural health care has been brought in 98 per cent of the villages.
In recognition of this project, it was announced on behalf of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation of the United States that Modi will be presented with the International Goalkeeper Award, an International Achievement Award.
In this context, Prime Minister Modi, who is touring the United States, was today awarded the Global Goalkeeper Award.
Bill Gates, the world's richest man, presented the award to Modi at an event today between the UN Security Council meetings in New York.
Speaking on the occasion, award-winning Prime Minister Modi said that Mahatma Gandhi's dream of purity has now come true.
Modi said the award would be presented to the millions of Indians who have completed the Clean India project and made it a part of their daily lives.
Modi pointed out that the World Health Organization had claimed that 3 lakh people had been saved from various diseases by the Clean India program.
The Ministry of Health has announced that there is a risk of epidemics due to the prevailing rains and floods.
Due to this, the Ministry of Health has advised to avoid entering the water unnecessarily.
The Ministry of Health has said that the disaster situation caused by the heavy rains in many districts has not abated and the public should be vigilant in this regard.
There has been an increase in the number of children and the elderly being hospitalized due to the effects of the floods.
Dr. Hemantha Herath, Chief Officer, Risk Management Division, Ministry of Health, urged the affected people to pay more attention to health care.
The Ministry of Education has issued a media statement regarding the leave of teachers and principals.
According to a statement issued by the Ministry of Education, suggestions and recommendations have been made to resolve the salary discrepancies in the service of teachers and principals.
The Ministry of Education has said that the non-attendance of teachers and principals on sick leave is a major injustice as they are ready to implement the recommendation of the Public Service Dispute Elimination Committee to increase the salaries of all government employees, including teachers and principals, from January 1 next year.
It is the right of employees to engage in union activities.
It has not been challenged, but the ministry has said that cheating on the opportunist activities of the unions, which is used as a tactic to deceive members, is not in line with the wisest professionals, such as faculty, even after learning of the possible pay rise.
Education Minister Attorney-at-Law Akila Viraj Kariyawasam told parliament last July that the salaries of teachers and principals had risen sharply since 2015 and had been increased by 106 per cent, as was the move by any government.
The Minister had informed the Parliament on June 7 that the Ministry of Education had submitted its recommendations and recommendations to the Ranukke Committee appointed on the issue of salary discrepancy in the public service.
The allowance for principals has been increased from 650 rupees to 6,500 rupees.
The promotion, which was delayed since 2015, is now being carried out properly.
The system for receiving pension has been prepared and implemented.
About 6,000 people were recruited from the service in order to reclaim the service of the President from politics and to address the shortcomings in the service of the Chancellor.
Measures such as providing training for teachers and principals abroad, recruiting 25,000 people into the teaching service, etc. have been completed in a short span of four and a half years.
A media statement issued by the Ministry of Education today stated that these were carried out for the purpose of human resource development in the education sector.
A complaint was lodged against Udith Surya, a student from Chennai, for impersonating and passing the NEED exam and studying at Theni Medical College.
Subsequently, this case c. B. C. I. Converted to D.
Following this, Uditsurya became enchanted with his parents.
In this context, the personal police arrested Udhisurya and his father Venkatesh and mother Kayalvizhi in the foothills of Tirupati yesterday.
Goa State Pa. SAD. Goa court has filed a chargesheet against legislator Adancio Montserrat for allegedly sexually abusing a minor girl.
Adanacio is accused of raping a 16-year-old girl.
Last year, the police filed a 250-page criminal complaint against him in the North Goa District Court.
The trial is set to begin on October 17.
Adanasio is a legislator from Panaji constituency.
She was 55. The year of the alleged incident was 2016. The woman was then 16 years old.
He alleged that he abused himself by giving drugs and paid Rs. The woman also alleged that he had sold himself for Rs 50 lakh.
Adanasio, who was arrested in 2016, is currently out on bail.
Pakistan-occupied Kashmir has been hit hardest by an earthquake centered on Pakistan last evening.
About 25 people were killed there.
More than 400 were injured.
A magnitude 5.8 earthquake shook Pakistan-occupied Kashmir last night, killing at least 25 people, including women and children, and injuring 400 others, many of them seriously, Pakistani officials said.
The US Geological Survey said the quake was centered on the border between Punjab and occupied Kashmir, 22.3 kilometers north of the Jhelum River.
The quake had a magnitude of 10 km.
It was felt in most parts of Punjab and some parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
However, Pakistan's chief meteorologist Mohammad Riyaz said that "the worst affected area is Kashmir's (occupied) Mirpur district."
Mirpur Divisional Commissioner Mohammad Dayab said the epicenter was near the Jhelum River, which caused havoc in the areas between Jatlan and Ghari Sharif, damaging hundreds of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure.
He said 12 people had died on the way to the headquarters hospital in Mirpur, while 13 died in different villages between Jatlan and Gari Sharif.
150 injured d. H. Q is being treated at the hospital.
Many were sent to Rawalpindi for further treatment.
Mobile phone, telephone service and electricity supply were cut off in rural areas.
Because of this people are unable to inform or seek help from their neighbors.
Election king Padmarajan has filed a nomination with the Returning Officer to contest the Nanguneri by-election.
Padmarajan, Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalithaa, Karunanidhi and Rajasekara Reddy from Weerakkavalputhur village near Mettur in Salem district.
Abdul Kalam, Pranab Mukherjee and Ramnath Govind were among those who contested the presidential election.
His own money is only Rs. Has spent Rs 32 lakh.
Don't think that he is very rich for that, he is a middle class man.
He will contest the by-election for Nanguneri constituency and handed over his nomination to Nadesan, the returning officer, yesterday.
He claims to be competing in the Nanguneri for the 206th time, stating that his goal is not to win, but his ambition is to make it to the Guinness Book of World Records.
He says he has already been featured in the Limca Book of World Records and will stop running in the election if he is included in the Guinness Book of World Records.
Padmarajan holds the record for most defeats in an election in India.
Vikramlander is banging hard on the ground of the moon. Photo source released by NASA.
Vikram Lander of the 28 Chandra Yan-2 spacecraft captured the image of NASA's LROC Orbiter at the site of the collision at the Moon's South Pole.
The Vikram Lander spacecraft of the Chandra Yan-2 spacecraft sent by ISRO landed at the South Pole of the Moon on the 7th.
But, at the last moment the communication with it was severed.
It was thought that Vikram Lander had crashed into the ground instead of slowly landing on the ground, causing damage and disconnection.
In this case, NASA's LROC Orbiter passed the Moon's South Pole on the 17th.
At that time, Vikram Lander landed a very sophisticated image of the plain between the two ridges, Simbe Lias N and Mancinus C.
Examination of these pictures confirms that Vikram Lander hit the ground hard.
That's why it went a little farther from where it was supposed to land and fell.
John Keller, NASA's Deputy Director of the AROC Project, said:
Then, the evening sent pictures taken in the dark.
Investigations have revealed that Vikram Lander crashed to the ground.
However, Vikram Lander could not find the exact location of the landing.
The LROC R Bitter will cross the South Pole again on the 14th of next month.
Vikram Lander is more likely to be shot as the lighting will be better then, ”he said.
Prime Minister Modi and US President Trump have the same ideology.
Modi is campaigning in support of US President Trump without worrying about the economy.
At a seminar in Pondicherry, Sitaram Yechury accused the central BJP government of questioning the principle of federalism.
On behalf of the Marxist Communist Party, a seminar was held at the Pondicherry Kampan Gallery on state rights and anti-people bills.
All India General Secretary of the Marxist Communist Party Sitharam Yechury addressed the gathering.
Speaking at the seminar, he said the BJP's campaign for one nation, one culture, one election, one education system has called into question India's diversity.
You can be arrested for being anti-national if you reject the anti-democratic stance of the state.
Legislation has been brought for this.
He accused the BJP of going to jail for extremism by criticizing it or posting it on a social networking site, alleging that the country was currently in an economic crisis.
Because people do not have the purchasing power.
But the government has poured 2 lakh crore rupees into rich employers.
He called on all to take part in the October 10-16 protest against the anti-people government.
He went on to say that the Prime Minister has been campaigning for Trump without worrying about the nation or the economy.
When an actor from Bangladesh came to India to campaign, the Indian government stopped him.
But Modi has gone to the US and campaigned for Trump to return as president.
From this, Modi has confirmed that the ideology of the two is the same.
Federalism in the central BJP regime is in question.
Sitaram Yechury accused the government of destroying the promises of the constitution.
The seminar was attended by the Tamil State Secretary of the Marxist Communist Party Balakrishnan, Puducherry State Secretary Rajangam and leading leaders.
Minister for Agriculture, Rural Economic Affairs, Livestock Development, Irrigation and Fisheries and Aquatic Resources Development P. Harrison said compensation would be paid within two weeks to all farmers who registered with the Agricultural Insurance Board and paid the insurance premium.
The Agricultural Insurance Board has been consulted in this regard.
Under this, 3,000 farmers who have paid insurance premiums for Ampara, Moneragala and Attimalai areas will be compensated for production damage.
The Minister mentioned these matters during a discussion held in the auditorium of the Ministry on Rural Economy.
The postal voting for the Elpitiya Pradeshiya Sabha elections to be held on the 11th of next month will take place tomorrow.
Those who will not be able to vote by post tomorrow will have the opportunity to vote by post on the 4th of next month, said Election Commission Chairman Mahinda Deshapriya.
Facilities have been made for this at the Galle District Elections Office.
You will need to carry a National Identity Card or an ID card approved by the Election Commission for voting by post.
Two libraries, one center opening on Periyar's birthday in Malaysia
Pahang State, Menthakab Garden:
Established in the year 1928, this Tamil school has about 100 students.
The Periyar Library here was inaugurated on 17-9-2019 by Govindasamy, Chairman, Estate Administrators (Sabha) and Dravida Movement Officer.
The event was presided over by Niramali Uma, Principal of the school.
Members of the Board of Directors of the School Parent Teachers Association Members Teachers Students and Periyar Great Volunteers Audaiyar, Raman, Chinnaiya and others attended and featured s.
Students were provided with tasty water drinks and fruits.
Periyar's texts were gifted to the teachers and students of the school.
Bukitrajah Garden, Klang City:
There are about 160 students in the Tamil school here.
The Periyar Center was set up here.
About 500 books were donated to the center.
Niramani Mallika Palaniyandi, the headmistress of the school, presided over the event.
Periyar volunteers and Dravidar Kazhaka comrades attended the function.
The students were given a taste drink.
Periyar's texts were presented to the authors.
Gadong Garden, Banding Nagar:
This Tamil school has about 100 students and 15 teachers.
Mrs. Kanagam, Deputy Headmistress of the school presided over the event.
The Periyar Library was opened on 23.9.2019 with more than 400 books donated.
The students were given water to taste.
Periyar's books were presented to the teachers.
Nose. All the above performances were well organized by Govindasamy.
It is noteworthy that all three schools featured explanatory speeches about his work on Periyar.
It is noteworthy that the Tamil leader Dr. K. Veeramani's series on the work of Periyar was described in all the programs.
Left-wing alliance candidate Mani C in Kerala's Bala assembly constituency by-election Kappan has won.
Although he split from the Congress and started a separate party, he remained a member of the Congress alliance. MR. Hours.
In the political history of Kerala, K.S. MR. Hours.
As Union Minister, K. who was the Minister of various departments in Kerala. MR. Mani passed away last April due to ill health.
Thus the by-election for the jack assembly constituency was declared.
The election for this constituency was held on the 23rd.
The Left candidate in this constituency is Mani C. Kappan, Jose Dom Pulikunnel as the Congress alliance candidate and Kottayam Hari as the BJP candidate.
Votes cast in the election were counted this morning.
In which the left-wing candidate Mani c. Kappan won with 54,137 votes.
The Congress alliance candidate who contested against him polled 51,194 votes.
Left-wing candidate Mani c. Kappan won by a margin of 2,943 votes.
Kottayam Hari, who contested as the BJP candidate, got 18,044 votes.
In the last 2016 elections, the BJP polled 24,821 votes in the same constituency.
The BJP has lost 6,000 votes in the current by-elections.
Bala constituency has been dominated by the Congress alliance for the last 54 years.
Now the Left has brought this domination to an end.
Due to the low tide prevailing in the southwestern part of the country, heavy showers are likely in the sea areas from Batticaloa to Matara.
Overseas coastal areas from Kankesanthurai to Batticaloa via Trincomalee may experience thundershowers or thundershowers.
Occasional showers or thundershowers during the evening or night in other coastal areas around the country.
In the coastal areas around the country, the wind will blow in a south-westerly direction and the wind speed will be 10 to 30 kmph.
During thundershowers, wind speeds in these areas may temporarily increase to 70 to 80 kmph.
The Department of Meteorology said in a statement issued today that the sea will be temporarily turbulent in such cases.
At a meeting in New York, US Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged India to join the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has paid a seven-day state visit to the United States.
Tomorrow i. D. Prime Minister Modi addresses the annual general meeting of the BJP.
To this end, he has been participating in various events and meeting world leaders.
As part of that, he met US President Trump at the Howdy Modi event in Houston, USA.
The two leaders discussed a wide range of issues, including bilateral friendship, trade, trade, security, global issues and the Kashmir issue.
This was followed by a number of CEOs of US companies attending the Bloombock World Business Forum in New York yesterday.
Speaking on the occasion, Prime Minister Modi said: -
Producing fuel using nuclear energy is still a challenge for India today.
This is because India is not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
If India gets that opportunity, it will set an example to the world.
Thus spoke Prime Minister Modi.
The Nuclear Suppliers Group controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
India continues to be a member of this group.
Although the United States and other countries supported India's visit, China objected that India had not signed the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
However, it is noteworthy that last March 6 US companies announced that they would set up nuclear reactors in India.
An old man's hut has been found near the school.
Electricity workers dug a pit to plant a power pole in Kokkarayanpet, Bharathinagar, near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district yesterday (Sep. 26) afternoon.
There was a pot in it.
As the pit continued to be dug it became known as the old man's tomb.
Inside were found bones.
Informed revenue officials went to the scene and collected the bones in the tomb.
According to the area, "Kokkarayanpet is located on the river bank.
So archeology can find many more historical monuments. "
The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), the apex body for technical education, has been periodically updating and improving the curriculum for engineering education.
Higher education institutes for engineering education follow the curriculum designed by AICTE.
The university administration designs the curriculum for the colleges affiliated with Anna University.
In this regard, according to the guidelines issued by the AICTE in June 2019, students in engineering education this year were required to take 3 of the 32 non-syllabus subjects as an optional subject and study in the 3rd, 4th and 5th semesters.
The list includes 32 subjects such as technical education in society, values ​​and virtue, virtue and the best way of life, photography, video taking and documentation.
As Anna University, first year students from 4 colleges namely College of Engineering Kindi, School of Architecture and Planning, Alagappa College of Engineering and Madras Institute of Technology in Crompton chose optional subjects subject wise.
In which b. Tech (Information Technology) students chose the philosophy subject out of a total of 12 subjects.
Unit 5 of the Philosophy lesson is entitled "The Power of Knowledge" which contains the Bhagavad Gita, which contains the teachings of the Gita on the perception of our energy and the teachings of Krishna to Arjuna to control the mind.
Meanwhile, there is strong opposition in Tamil Nadu to the sudden introduction of the Bhagavad Gita by the Anna Dental University.
This is against secularism and whether to include religious subjects in the syllabus of a secular country is a matter for the President of the Dravidar Kazhagam, Teacher Ki. Veeramani, DMK leader Commander M.K. Leaders, academics, student organizations, and writers, including Stalin, protested.
In this context, it has been announced that a protest will be held on behalf of the DMK student body near Anna University on October 1 in protest of the sudden introduction of the Bhagavad Gita by the Anna Dental Institute.
Their aim is to embrace all people with equal status
Sajith Premadasa, Minister of Housing, Construction and Culture has stated that their aim is to embrace all people with equal status, irrespective of race, religion or party affiliation.
During a press conference held in Colombo yesterday.
On this basis, he said that the declaration of a democratic policy that would add pride to the motherland would be issued soon.
There is no expectation of strengthening the executive.
He said no relative worked in his ministry or the companies under it.
Minister Sajith Premadasa has stated that those involved in corruption will not be included in the presidential election campaign or political journey.
68 M for Vikravandi constituency by-election work. L. C. The DMK leadership has dropped the weeds in the field.
The by-elections for both Vikravandi and Nanguneri constituencies will be held on October 21.
The DMK in Vikravandi and the Congress in Nanguneri are contesting against the AIADMK.
It is said that DMK leader Stalin has conspired with Ponmudi, the district secretary, to devise various strategies as the AIADMK will give Duff to Bamaga in Vikravandi constituency.
The number of DMK legislators is 100. Of which 68 are MLAs. L. C. The DMK leadership has appointed the culprits in charge of the Vikravandi by-election.
32 M. belonging to the Southern Districts. L. C. Stalin exempted only s.
He also asked the Congress to support him in the Nanguneri constituency.
Ponmudi will be the chairman of the Vikravandi Election Responsibility Committee and Jagathratsagan M. will be the secretary. B. Yum, have been appointed.
C. Angaiyarkanni, Salem Selvaganapathy, a. K. S. Vijayan and others have been appointed.
Also, 10 m. B. S are also involved in the by-election process.
During the by-elections held only for the Vellore constituency after the parliamentary elections, M.P. B. S did not involve anyone in the DMK leadership election process.
Stalin told them to take care of your tasks as usual.
Now they too have been assigned.
Former Bangalore Police Commissioner's house c. B. I. Test.
The CBI is conducting a search at the residence of a former Bangalore police commissioner in connection with the phone tapping of political figures.
In Karnataka, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) came to power after the overthrow of the Kumaraswamy-led government.
Eduyurappa became the Chief Minister.
In this context, Bhaskarrao, who was appointed as the Bangalore City Police Commissioner, caused a great stir by releasing an audio conversation related to his talks with a party official for the post of Commissioner.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has complained that telephone taps were tapped during the Kumaraswamy regime.
Chidramaiah, who was the co-ordinator of the Bharatiya Janata Party-led coalition government, along with his aides and some leaders of the secular Janata Dal party, M.P. L. C. BJP leaders have repeatedly complained that the telephone conversations of a total of 300 people, including senior officials, were tapped.
The party leaders demanded an inquiry and action.
Also present were senior Congress leaders Mallikarjuna Karge, Chidramaiah and former police minister M.S. B. Many, including Patil, insisted that it should be investigated.
Commenting on the matter, Kumaraswamy said that he had not tapped anyone's phone and that the complaint was untrue and he was ready for any investigation.
The telephone scam has caused a storm in Karnataka politics.
In this case c. B. I. Chief Minister Eduyurappa recommended an inquiry.
C. B. I. The case is being registered and investigated.
Today at the home of former police commissioner Alekkumar in Bangalore, C.P. B. I. Officers conducted an action check.
The investigation is being carried out on the information that he has stored the information related to the phone tapping of political figures on a pendrive.
Did the pendrive get stuck after the test? Is not it? Is revealed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today addressed the United Nations General Assembly on behalf of India.
He then slammed harshly against terrorism.
In his speech, he reminded that India is the land where Buddha, Vivekananda and Kanyan bloomed.
Modi said: Our country has no war, it has given the message of Buddha's peace to the world.
This is why we have always been vocal against terrorism.
We warn the world not to fall into the clutches of the demon of terrorism.
The great poet who lived in India 3000 years ago blossomed and sang "Yathum ure, yavarum kelir" in the ancient Tamil language of the world.
This means that we all own space.
Everyone is our cousin.
This is the uniqueness of India.
We do not see terrorism as the only challenge to India.
We see it as an act against the whole world and against humanity.
So the whole world must mobilize against terrorism.
125 years ago, the great spiritual master Swami Vivekananda delivered this message to the world during the World Conference of Religions in Chicago.
The message is, “Reconciliation and peace are needed.
And there are no differences of opinion.
Today, I say the same thing on behalf of the world's largest democracy.
"Reconciliation and peace is the only message we can give to the world."
Thus Modi mentioned in his speech.
Sajitha Premadasa is Ranil's United National Party candidate in the Sri Lankan presidential election.
The Sri Lankan presidential election will be held on November 16.
Gotabhaya Rajapaksa is contesting this election as the candidate of Mahinda Rajapaksa's Sri Lanka People's Alliance.
Parties including the JVP have also announced candidates.
Confusion persisted over who would be Prime Minister Ranil's United National Party candidate.
According to Ranil, the president wanted to run in the election.
It was also reported that President Maithripala Sirisena was trying to field a common candidate.
His hope is that if Ranil contests, he will be able to garner Tamil votes.
Sirisena reckons he can easily win if Ranil is sent to jail without contesting.
But both of these have gone unfulfilled.
Sajitha Premadasa is currently being fielded as a candidate in the United National Party.
Sajitha is the son of former President Premadasa.
Sajid has mobilized his supporters to show his strength and advance as a presidential candidate.
Speaking at a huge public meeting in Matugama, Kalutara yesterday, Sajitha said, "I am not a presidential candidate bound by anyone's conditions."
Ranil implicitly satirized as I have self-esteem.
Former Minister and Member of the Legislative Assembly A.K. Va. Velu noted.
Father Periyar and granddaughter Anna's birthday celebrations were held on Thursday at Chetput Divya Education Institute.
P. Selvarachan, Rector of Divya Educational Institutions presided over the function.
Former Minister A. Va. Velu spoke to the students:
Many kings, including Cheran, Chola, Pandian, Chalukyas, and Krishna Deva Royer, did not tell women to study during the Ad Sikh period.
But it was Periyar who advocated for women to be educated, for their livelihoods to rise, and for equal rights to property.
It was executed by the scholar Anna.
In that way the DMK leader came up with everything from reservation to women in artiste rule, equal rights to property, balanced education, qualification.
Father Periyar was responsible for all this.
Father Periyar's policy is now in danger.
With so many doctors being created on the basis of merit through balanced education, today we are betrayed in the name of NEET selection.
Senthilkumar, Secretary, Educational Institutions, Praveenkumar, Vice President and Bodhana Praveenkumar, Executive Adviser were present on the occasion.
Polur Constituency Assembly Member Q. V. Sekaran, former day legislators Rajendran, Bandurankan, Chaval Boondi Sundaresan, Chetput DMK city secretary Murugan addressed the gathering.
Polytechnic College Principal Murugan thanked.
The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation held various competitions for students at the World Tourism Day celebrations held at the Tamil Nadu Hotel in Madurai.
The chefs of the hotel jointly prepared and displayed 101 dishes.
Cereals, Madurai regional dishes, a variety of sorghum, broths, joint fries, snacks, desserts were made.
Northern state and foreign dishes were also prepared.
They said that all types of food available in ordinary hotel to top five star hotels are available at Tamil Nadu Hotel
The One Day Placement Camp was jointly organized by Infact Protrainers and the Seek Foundation at Jerusalem College, Chennai.
It was attended by more than 26 banks and non-bank financial institutions.
More than 7000 youth and students participated.
Speaking on the occasion, Balaji, Managing Director, Infact Proteiners, said:
We organized this camp for the benefit of unemployed graduate youth and students.
Otherwise we are running it for free without getting any money from students or institutions.
He said that our aim is to create an unemployed community by continuing to conduct such employment camps in various places.
The 5th phase of excavations is being carried out on behalf of the Tamil Nadu Archaeological Survey in the lower Sivagangai district near Madurai.
The excavations are currently scheduled for 15 days, beginning on June 13 and ending on September 30.
In this condition, the public, archaeologists and students from various parts of Tamil Nadu visit the bottom.
Minister Mafa Pandiyarajan said that the museum will be set up to document the archeological remains found below.
He had initially said that the museum would cost Rs 1 crore.
The United States has urged India to take immediate action to ease tensions in Jammu and Kashmir and release all detainees.
US Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs Alice Wells speaks at the 74th session of the United Nations:
It is worrying that so many people are being detained in the Jammu and Kashmir Valley.
The Government of India should initiate political action in this State.
Elections should be held as soon as possible as already promised.
We need to relax restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and release detainees.
Alice Wells urged the Government of India to expedite the process.
Earlier, it was reported that US President Donald Trump wanted to mediate in the Jammu and Kashmir issue.
There was strong opposition from the Indian side.
The United States later withdrew its comment.
Following this, Prime Minister Modi went to the United States to attend the UN General Assembly.
Modi and Donald Trump first attended the Howdy Modi show in Houston.
The two then participated together in various shows.
At the time, Trump hailed India's father as Prime Minister Modi.
In this context, the US is currently pressuring India on the Kashmir issue.
The IIT Council has decided to increase fees by 10 times in all technical education institutions in India.
IITs, also known as Technical Education Institutions, play a vital role in developing talented students across India.
The meeting of the IIT Council was held on 28.9.2019 under the chairmanship of Union Minister Ramesh Pokri.
The decision taken at that meeting has come as a shock to students and the general public.
M. in IITs. Tech. It has been decided to increase the tuition fees by 10 times.
In all IITs in India, Rs. 20,000 starting from Rs. Tuition is only charged up to Rs 50,000.
In this situation, the fee has been increased to 2 lakh rupees per year.
Of the 12 AI students studying in the first year of the 2019-2020 academic year, 9,280 are eligible for scholarships. MR. It has also been decided to stop the monthly stipend of Rs. 12,400 being given to Tech students.
The central government will reduce funding for IITs in Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, Kharagpur, Kanpur, Roorkee and Guwahati.
The federal government has raised fees to charge students for those funds to deal with such reductions.
Further, the ministry is said to have instructed the respective institutes to carry out development work by keeping the proceeds from the construction work which can be done by the respective technical education institutes and to take loans from the bank and get the funds from the corporates.
Since the BJP came to power, it has been restricting access to education to the common man as much as possible, cutting funding for primary education in the 2015 financial statements, and subsequently drastically reducing funding for education during each financial statement.
Following this, the big bosses continued to agree to start educational institutions in order to provide more facilities to private educational institutions.
In this situation, the new education policy has imposed various regulations on educational institutions to operate on the funds of private institutions without giving any importance to public educational institutions.
In this way, the central government is pushing only the affluent to the level of education from basic education to higher education and is engaged in the task of taking India's prosperous future back to the uneducated nation many centuries later.
Former IAS officer Karpura Sundarapandian received the book "Caricature Art" written by Ranu for publication by Kalaimagal magazine editor Keelampur Sankara Subramaniam.
The late "cartoonist" Ranu S. K. The book launching ceremony of Ramanujam's book "Art of Caricature" was held at the Russian Cultural Center in Chennai on Sunday.
The Secretary of the Indo-Russian Chamber of Commerce, P. Thangappan took the lead.
At the event, Kalaimagal magazine editor Keelampur Sankara Subramaniam was present at the launch of the first book. Camphor was received by Sundara Pandian.
Speaking on the occasion as a special guest, Karpura Sundarapandian said: -
Ramanujam, also known as the late cartoonist Ranu, was a master of cartoonists.
Ranu has produced a large number of students through the Cartoon Research and Education Foundation.
Usually, even someone who is celebrated by the world is not celebrated by the family.
On the contrary, it is arguable that intoxicants of choice runs the taste in cartoonist Ronu.
Ranu said that even if he disappears, he will live on for a long time through his works and through this book.
Speaking of Keelampur Sankara Subramaniam, S. K. Ramanujam became India's leading comedian.
He has traveled all over the world, providing training in comedy.
He became an innovative artist in cartoon creation.
Ranu excelled not only in painting, but also as a cartoonist and animator.
For the past 30 years, he has studied the art of comedy in the context of India.
He said that he will live long through the students he created and also through his writings and caricatures.
Ranu is the coordinator of the Cartoon Research and Education Foundation. Bhupathi said thank you.
Nallathambi, TV executive c. Many, including Pereira, attended.
The DMK has questioned Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy on the number of dams built during the last 8 years of AIADMK rule.
In a statement issued by the party's treasurer Duraimurugan, he criticized the chief minister for not knowing any details about the public sector.
DMK treasurer Duraimurugan said in his statement that the water to be opened in Cauvery, a. The. It is wasted in the sea due to the indifference of the MLAs and the lack of management skills.
On the way to the Cauvery, to stop and store it a. The. மு. க. Our leader M.K. said that the government has no item plan. Stalin expressed his concern over their responsibility as Leader of the Opposition in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.
Assuming that he would respond to the first, Edappadi Palanichamy asked, "Has the TNA, who criticizes us, built a barricade in Cauvery during their rule?" Has raised the question.
"What I want to convey to him is that we have built a barricade at Mayanur in Cauvery under the LTTE regime.
Without even knowing the details, can Chief Minister Edappadi Palanichamy, who is also in charge of the public works department, speak untruths?
Due to the construction of the dam in Mayanur, the earth's water supply in the area increased.
So agriculture prospered.
So you can see thousands of agrarian people in the area who are still useful today, thanking the government every day.
The barricade was built by the League government in Mayanur to meet the needs of the time.
At that time, there was no need to build more dams.
If necessary, the artist, who was then the Chief Minister, would have given immediate permission, set aside funds and expedited the work.
Therefore, Edappadi has no qualms about blaming the Congress government for the welfare of Cauvery.
I am asking; A. The. How many dams have you built in Cauvery in the last eight years?
Another question; We have built more than 40 dams in Tamil Nadu during the DMK rule.
What has happened so far? The. Can you point to only one dam, as a dam built during the MK regimes?
Do not lie.
If there is any response to the allegation made by the Leader of the Opposition - let us know with evidence whether we are building or planning to build a dam in other places.
Let it go, The. It is untrue to say that no blockade was built in Cauvery during the UPA regime.
State Bank of India has decided to fix interest on repo basis from October 1.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has cut the repo rate by 1.1 per cent in four consecutive terms, taking into account the country's economic growth.
But banks have been accused of failing to deliver even half of that benefit to customers.
Banks are currently setting interest rates on the MCLR system.
From October 1, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ordered the government to implement interest rates based on the Treasury Bill and the repo rate on short-term loans issued by the government.
Accordingly, the State Bank of India (SBI) has announced that it has decided to fix home, auto loans and micro and small business loans based on the MCLR rate from October 1.
The Sri Lanka Administrative Service Association has decided to suspend its trade union activities.
Prabath Chandrakeerthi, the president of the association, said that the decision was taken due to the discussion to be held with the cabinet sub-committee tomorrow and the task of accepting applications for postal voting in the presidential election.
On this basis, he expressed the hope that the administrative service functions including the Department of Personnel Registration, Department of Immigration and Emigration and the Department of the Commissioner of Motor Traffic will continue as usual.
Pratad Chandrakeerthi further said that the Public Service Union expects a positive outcome of tomorrow's cabinet meeting with the Cabinet sub-committee and their pay dispute to be held next Tuesday.
Cricket match between Pakistan teams today.
The first match of the one-day series between Sri Lanka and Pakistan begins today in Karachi.
The match will start at 3.30 pm Sri Lanka time.
One of the matches between the two countries is currently taking place in Pakistan after 10 years.
Sri Lanka team manager Asantha Demel said he was satisfied with the security provided to the Sri Lankan team in Pakistan.
He also said that the Sri Lankan cricket team has been given the same protection or equivalent as a head of state.
There will be three one-day internationals and three R-20 matches between Sri Lanka and Pakistan.
Michael Cubs and Yowlson have been appointed by the International Cricket Council as umpires for the one-day series.
There was a technical malfunction on the flight departing from Malaysia, which was detected while going to the runway.
As many as 174 passengers survived the crash.
The Malindo flight from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur arrives in Trichy daily at 10.35 pm.
It then departs from Trichy to Kuala Lumpur at 11.25pm.
As usual, the flight arrived in Trichy the night before yesterday.
The flight with passengers then departed from Trichy for Kuala Lumpur.
There were 174 passengers on that flight.
While on the runway, the pilot discovered a technical malfunction in the aircraft's eliminator.
He then parked the plane on the runway.
The plane then landed at the airport and landed.
Engineers were involved in repairing the technical glitch.
Thus the passengers sat on the plane for two hours.
But due to a technical glitch that could not be repaired, all the passengers were unloaded from the plane.
Subsequently, 138 passengers were accommodated in a private hotel.
Other passengers returned to their homes after changing their flight dates and canceling air tickets.
If the plane had departed with a technical glitch in the incident, the plane might have been in an accident.
But the plane did not take off because the pilot detected a technical glitch in a timely manner.
It is noteworthy that 174 passengers survived.
In this case, the technical glitch on the plane was fixed.
The flight with 138 passengers on board left for Kuala Lumpur at 5 pm yesterday.
According to the Indian Health Ministry, more than 5,000 people across the country have been affected by dengue fever, which is spread by Aedes mosquitoes in India.
So far more than a thousand people have been affected by dengue fever in Tamil Nadu and Pondicherry.
Dengue fever is spreading rapidly in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
A 12-year-old girl in Chennai and a student in Krishnagiri died on the heels of yesterday, an Indian media report said.
135 people have been admitted to government hospitals in Chennai and are receiving treatment.
It has been raining in various parts of Tamil Nadu for the last few days.
Following this, special teams have been set up across Tamil Nadu on behalf of the municipal administration and the health department to monitor dengue activities.
The country's health ministry has advised dengue victims to seek treatment at government hospitals.
Opportunity for Aadhaar connection with PAN number Dec. Extension up to 31.
The deadline for linking the Aadhaar number with the Permanent Income Tax Account Number (PAN) has been extended to December 31.
This is the seventh time the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CPDT) has extended the deadline for a ban-adar link.
The federal government had already extended the deadline from March 31 to September 30 for six months.
This period is currently extended for a further 3 months.
The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) issues a 12-digit identification number to each Indian citizen.
The Income Tax Department provides the Income Tax Individual and Company with a 10 digit Digital Income Tax Account Number (PAN).
The Federal Direct Taxes Board had on July 1, 2017 issued a notification to link the Aadhaar number with the income tax number.
Thereafter the opportunity for Aadhar-Pan connection was extended several times.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court, which heard the case filed against the issuance of Aadhar card to citizens, ruled in September last year that the Aadhar scheme would go ahead legally.
Further, the Supreme Court ruled that the Aadhaar number is mandatory for payment of income tax.
In the meantime, when filing an income tax return, it is sufficient to mention the Aadhaar number instead of the PAN number, as announced in the Federal General Budget on July 5 last.
DMK leader M.K. Stalin visited in person today.
The way of life according to the Sangam period literature is the life of a Tamil who lived in flesh and blood; The results of the excavation below revealed that it was not a myth.
The city civilization on the north bank of the Ganges began in the 6th century BC.
But on the south bank of the Vaigai River in the 6th century BC the Tamils ​​lived a peak city life; The excavated evidence below has scientifically proven that the Tamils ​​lived a very prosperous life as the best in literacy.
The results of the following excavations have created a situation where the history of the Indian subcontinent is being rewritten.
A large number of the public visit the underground excavation site which can give pride to every Tamil.
Recently, the Chief Coordinator of the Naam Tamil Party, Seeman, visited the excavation site below.
Following him, DMK leader M.K. Stalin went downstairs and visited the excavation sites.
CPM M with him. B. Su. Venkatesh and a number of leading executives of the DMK went.
In this connection, Stalin uploaded a video on his Twitter page entitled "When he visited the underground land where Tamil civilization was realized to the world over 2600 years ago".
Trump demands probe into Ukrainian president
The White House has confirmed that reports that Donald Trump has telephoned the Ukrainian president to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden, who is likely to run for president on behalf of the Democratic Party.
The House of Representatives has proposed a disqualification resolution against Trump on behalf of the Democrats, saying it was wrong to pressurize the Coalition to investigate the US leader.
In this connection, 6 committees have been set up on the orders of the Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy and an inquiry has been started into the action of the President.
In that sense, it is possible Trump spoke to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zhelensky on July 25.
The White House officially released a statement yesterday on what the two presidents talked about.
It is therefore acknowledged that this conversation is true.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, told reporters outside the UN General Assembly that the request was made in a friendly manner.
He said no pressure had been put on the Ukrainian president.
But one thing to note is that the US government abruptly withheld about $ 400 million in financial aid to Ukraine.
Then some time later that fund was allocated.
Democrats are tying the knot with this and Trump's remarks to the president.
So this incident has started to stir up a storm in American politics.
Joe Biden, son, Hunter, was appointed a member of the Board of Trustees of Brisma Holdings of Ukraine in April 2014.
It is noteworthy that the company was involved in the extraction of natural gas in the Crimea, a Ukrainian peninsula annexed by Russia.
The investigating officer who investigated the abuse complaint against Brisma Holdings has been fired.
The Republican Party has accused Joe Biden of being involved.
But Hunter continues to deny allegations that he used his father for his professional affairs.
The incident where a government official beat up the media in the presence of the Minister of Education Senkottayan has caused a great stir.
Minister Senkottayan inaugurated the drinking water project at Dhukkanayakkanpalayam near Kopi in Erode district.
While the reporters were filming him, Muthulingam, an assistant engineer with the Tamil Nadu Drinking Water Drainage Board, was standing by to disturb them.
"Sir, sir, stand back a little," the reporters shouted.
He then spoke in unison, "Who are you pushing, what a great guy you are," and beat up reporters who pushed him.
On learning of his presence under the influence of alcohol, Minister Senkottayan ordered him to leave immediately.
Following this, the high officials chased Muthulingam away from the ceremony and told him to leave immediately.
However, more than 15 journalists staged a roadblock demanding departmental action against Assistant Chief Engineer Muthulingam.
Aware of this, Minister Senkottayan contacted the top officials of the Tamil Nadu Drinking Water Drainage Board in the Erode district and asked them what courage they had to come to the state function after drinking alcohol.
He also called for the suspension of Mudhulingam.
Minister Pandiyarajan said that historical traces have been found in the 5th phase of excavations which have established the reputation of the underworld worldwide.
Jayakanthan, Khadar and Rural Industries Board Minister G. Minister of Tamil Language and Tamil Culture Pandiyarajan visited and told reporters:
The following 5th phase excavations are a turning point in the history of Sangakkala in Tamil Nadu.
Below Ki. 6th century BC It was a prosperous area until the 1st century.
Evidence currently available suggests urbanization along the Vaigai River.
Scientific chronology of excavations below concludes that the Tamil-Brahmi period is more than 100 years old. G. This study reveals that Tamil Nadu was a literate society as early as the 6th century BC.
Samples of the 70 bone fragments uncovered by the study have also been sent to the Deccan College, a postgraduate and research institute, for scientific analysis.
In the analysis of these fossils, the species of buffalo, buffalo, goat, wild boar, deer and peacock were identified by the fossils.
The study found that cows, buffaloes, and goats are used for agriculture, and that some animals, such as reindeer, vultures, and wild boar, have cut scars on their raised specimens that are used for food.
By the end of this analysis, those who were primarily engaged in agriculture in the Sanskrit community also undertook animal husbandry.
Samples of bricks limestone based roof tiles and terracotta well coating have been sent to Vellore Technical University for analysis.
In each of these minerals such as silica, lime, iron, aluminum and magnesium are found in this study.
Efforts are being made to set up a museum at a cost of Rs.
The 5th phase of excavation work will be extended for two weeks and will continue.
Similarly, next year, the 6th phase of excavations at four locations will be carried out jointly by the Central Government and the State Government, said the Minister of Tamil Language and Tamil Culture, K. Pandiyarajan.
Manamadurai Assembly Member S. Nagarajan, former Member of Parliament Senthilnathan, Assistant Director of Archeology Jeevanantham, Conservator Asaithambi, Thirupuvanam Vattatsiyar Raja and many others including government officials were present.
On behalf of the Andhra Club, on behalf of the Asiana Subam Retirement Home, on the occasion of World Seniors Day, a geriatric parade, dance and song celebration was held.
The 92-year-old grandmother danced to the song Adubombay.
Actress Ambika and singer L.K. MR. Presented by Eswari and Purnima Kumar.
Virco Events was organized by Purnima Kumar.
Businessman Nalli Kuppusamy Chetty, actress Ambika, singer L. MR. Eswari attended and presented prizes to the seniors who won the competition.
15 grandmothers attended the fashion show.
Haripriya took first place.
Sureka and Radhika took 2nd and 3rd place respectively.
Beautiful grandparents dressed in fashionable clothes.
Manik took the first place and Kannan took the 2nd place.
Susan, Kala and Vanja won as the best dancing grandmothers.
Mr. and Mrs. Ramanan couple won the first place in the competition and Srinivasan-Palampal couple won the second place.
The families of the elderly attended and encouraged them.
92-year-old Lalita Adubombay sang the song.
Virco Events Purnima Kumar said that Seniors' Day should be celebrated like Women's Day and Valentine's Day.
Labor Commissioner Muthumanikkam's participation in the International Labor Organization meeting.
The International Labor Organization is the only tripartite body in the United Nations.
Labor laws in all countries of the world are enacted on the basis of the traditions and recommendations of the United Nations International Labor Organization.
A review of such traditions and recommendations is taking place on the premises of the International Labor Organization in Geneva, Switzerland until the 27th.
This meeting will attend and discuss all legacy and recommendations and send to the Board of Directors for recommendation.
The meeting was attended by Deputy Chief Labor Commissioner, Ministry of Labor and Employment, Muthumanikkam, on behalf of the Government of India.
The tripartite meeting is attended by international unions, employers and governments from 187 countries.
This is the first time that a Deputy Chief Labor Commissioner has been sent as a representative of India for such a task.
In this case, the actor Vijay's father and director S. to attend a show in Nagercoil, Kanyakumari district. C. Chandrasekhar arrived in Thoothukudi by air from Chennai today.
Then, regarding what Vijay spoke, a. The. M. K. Winer was also asked about the protest.
Responding, he said, “Subasree was killed when the banner fell while he was riding his bike on the road.
Everyone is talking about this incident.
Thus, Vijay also spoke about a subject that everyone is talking about.
Why has the court not yet arrested those involved in Subasree's case? ”
In this case, the ministers, a. The. To those who do not know why the MLAs are protesting, "Is Vijay's platform a sign of coming to politics?"
“I don’t know anything like that.
Leave the man and go in a hurry. "
Deputy Chief Minister O. Panneer Selvam today inspected the residences of the Tamil Nadu Cottage Replacement Board in Raja Annamalaipuram, Vallieswaran Temple Garden area of ​​Chennai and heard the grievances of the public.
The 488 apartments built in 1979-80 are very dilapidated.
The Deputy Chief Minister accepted the request of the residents to demolish the dilapidated old houses and build new ones and assured the residents that work would start soon and new houses would be completed.
Rs. At a project cost of Rs 67.89 crore, the Deputy Chief Minister said that the old flats of 200 sq ft will be demolished and the new flats of 400 sq ft with one bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, one bathroom and one toilet will be constructed soon under the All India Housing Scheme. said.
He said that once the contract points for the project have been finalized, the existing flats will be demolished and the construction of new flats will be expedited.
Until then, the Deputy Chief Minister has instructed the slum replacement board officials and the Chennai Corporation officials concerned to keep the area clean and hygienic.
He said that 6 lakh houses have been built for the homeless poor so far and all of them will be given houses by 2023. Panneerselvam said.
Ravi M. L. A. And the officers went.
Carnatic Music Competition for Young Artists on behalf of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation.
As a preview of the annual Indira Sivasailam Foundation concert at the Madras Music Academy, the Indira Sivasailam Foundation hosted the 7th annual "Anvesha Quest for the Best" concert.
Launched in 2018, the "Anvesha Bala Widwan" competition provides a platform for budding musicians to showcase their talents in Carnatic music in the presence of renowned judges and Indira Sivasailam Foundation Medal recipients from "The Music Academy Advanced School of Carnatic".
Participants in the Anvesha Palavidvan competition were asked to upload their talents and performances in Carnatic music in a video format on the Facebook page of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation.
This year, the tournament will feature Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and the US. S. A, Nearly 100 contestants, including a handful of participants from Middle Eastern countries, uploaded their talents and attended.
The panel of judges consisted of Prof. Rita Rajan, Dr. MR. S. Jayalakshmi is a member of the teaching staff of The Music Academy Advanced School of Carnatic Music and this year's Indira Sivasailam Foundation Medal recipient. Bandula Rama will be included.
This year, in addition to the vocal and instrumental (flute and violin) categories for artists aged 10-15, a competition was also introduced for artists in the 16-20 age group.
The participants in all the 3 categories showcased their talents in an excellent manner.
The winners of the Anvesha 2019 competition are as follows:
Swadika, Thuruv S. Padangi and Kamatchi Ambathiputhi and Aprameya Seshadri have won in the instrument category.
Rs. D. Siam Raghav has won.
Anvesha Arbitration Committee members Dr. Bandula Rama, Prof. Rita Rajan, Dr. R. S. Jayalakshmi and Sunita Subramaniam of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation presented the awards to the winners.
The audience and participants who came to see the event lauded the efforts of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation in preserving and preserving Carnatic music in an art form among emerging artists.
Billgates Foundation Award for Indian Girl Who Fought Against Child Marriage
A 17-year-old girl from Rajasthan has been awarded the 'Changemaker' award on behalf of the Billgates Foundation for her fight against child marriage and child labor.
Payal Jangit (17) is a girl from Hinsla village, 100 km from Jaipur, Rajasthan.
He campaigned vigorously against child marriage and child labor in his village.
He also carried out this campaign in some of the villages near his village.
So many child marriages were banned in those areas.
The award was presented to Boyle on behalf of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation in recognition of his work.
Meanwhile, the awards ceremony took place on Tuesday night in New York City, USA.
Deputy General Secretary Amina J. Boyle Jangit received the "Changemaker" award from Mohammed.
After receiving the award, Payal said, “There were many problems in our village.
Girls in particular are not sent out to study.
They will get married at a young age.
The family decided to marry Mr. me at an early age.
Then, I approached one of the community R Valar and reassured my father.
Since then, we have held several rallies and protests against child marriage and demanding that children be sent to school.
We went to every house and made everyone aware of this.
Parents should give every child the opportunity to enhance his or her life.
A general amnesty period has been declared for another 2 months in Jordan.
The Jordanian embassy has announced that the amnesty period, which began on September 22, will last until November 29, according to the Foreign Employment Bureau.
Foreign workers who go to the Jordan with a work visa and stay without a visa for a specified period of time can return to the country during this amnesty period without paying any penalty.
However, the Jordanian embassy said that foreigners who stay there illegally on a tourist visa after the visa expires can leave after paying the fine.
It is noteworthy that such a general amnesty was announced last February in Jordan for foreigners staying there illegally.
Is BJP engaging in caste politics in Tamil Nadu?
It is said that the BJP will eventually take over caste politics if it is not possible to put a lotus flower anywhere in Tamil Nadu.
When Modi was the Prime Minister for the first time, he was in a position to leave the lotus in Tamil Nadu.
This is the second time since then that Amit Shah has said, "I don't know what to do. The lotus flower should bloom in Tamil Nadu."
However, in all the 5 constituencies contested, Manna was the only one to win.
Though the BJP is being praised all over the country, there is still a wave of opposition in Tamil Nadu.
It is above all Muthalak, Kashmir affair, Hindi dump, one nation one language.
With everything like this coming together it is still seen in the dry.
That is why the BJP leadership is said to be under heavy pressure on Tamil Nadu BJP executives and as a result there is still a problem where even the state leadership cannot be appointed.
On the one hand, the BJP is planning to somehow root out the BJP in Tamil Nadu by the time of the forthcoming assembly elections.
It seems that the BJP leadership has almost come to a conclusion through direct field report, intelligence report and the like.
Accordingly, there is a perception among the people of the respective communities that neither the AIADMK nor the DMK, the 2 Dravidian parties, give enough importance to the Nadar people, the Vanni people and the Devendra Kula Vellalar people.
Thus Dravidian parties are also said to be upset.
It is this subtlety that the BJP is beginning to tackle and implement.
Has decided to honor a post in a way that glorifies, or emphasizes, the respective community race.
The appointment of Tamilisai Saundarajan as the Governor of Telangana is one such case.
Similarly, the BJP government is said to be giving prominence to Nadars in high positions in ISRO.
It is true that if the BJP acts in such a way as to honor every race, it will bring pride and happiness to the people of the respective races.
Moreover, something that is not tainted in any matter will tarnish the BJP in this caste politics.
At the same time, at a time when Tamil Nadu is already fragmented in caste politics, it is not clear whether these activities of the BJP will be like pouring more oil on a burning fire.
It is true that if the caste fire starts to burn, even the bud of the lotus flower which is now a little poisonous in Tamil Nadu will be burnt in the same fire!
Murder of a mercenary worker by a drunken assailant near Villupuram.
In a previous clash near Villupuram Valavanur, a young laborer was stabbed to death with a machete.
Tensions flared as the assistant investigator who went to catch the culprit was also attacked with a knife.
Thanikairaj (28) is the son of a beggar from the Kengarampalayam colony near Valavanur near Villupuram.
coolie worker.
Kasinathan's son Ayyanar (33) from the same area.
They have been involved in frequent drunken quarrels and clashes in the area.
There are cases against them at the Valavanur police station.
In this situation, Iyanar, who is in the business of drinking water, has a habit of drinking alcohol at night, holding a knife and occasionally intimidating the public.
In this regard, he had been drinking alcohol on Saturday evening, in the Kengarampalayam Colony area, carrying a water-cutting knife and intimidating passers-by on the road.
At that time, Iyanar went to Thanikairaj's house due to animosity and had a quarrel with him at home.
In the ensuing confrontation, the young man suddenly cuts Tanikairaj with a razor blade.
In this, Thanikairaj fell down in a pool of blood and died on the spot.
Following this, Ayyanar turned on the road, chasing the public with a knife.
Valanur Assistant Inspector Manikandan and the police rushed to the spot and tried to catch him.
At that time, Assistant Inspector Manikandan was stabbed in the hand and injured.
He was immediately admitted to a private hospital and treated.
Following this, the police arrested Ayyanar and took him to the police station.
Villupuram DSP J who came to know about the incident. Shankar, Valavanur Police Inspector Nandagopal and police rushed to the spot and conducted an investigation.
Police security has been beefed up as the murder in Kengarampalayam, on the Puduvai state border, has raised fears.
Valavanur police have registered a case of murder, arrested Ayyanar and are conducting a serious investigation.
Road safety camp and awareness rally was held on behalf of New Prince Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Sciences, Madavakkam next to Chennai and Chennai Metropolitan Traffic Police (Madipakkam Traffic Police Station).
Director, New Prince Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Sciences Prabhakaran welcomed everyone.
Senior Chief Minister V.S. Karunanidhi, Chief Minister V. Uma Devi, Deputy Chief Minister a. Mathiabius Pachelli and others took the lead.
Vice President of New Prince Educational Societies L.A. Naveen Prasad presided over the launch of the Road Safety Awareness Camp.
Madipakkam Traffic Police Inspector Sivasankaran graced the occasion as the special guest and flagged off the awareness rally, handing out a guidebook on road safety regulations to the students.
He said that the need for road rules should start with the students because it is the parents and the society who trust them.
It is the youth who are most affected by road accidents and it is imperative that such awareness programs be conducted in schools and colleges to prevent this.
Everyone must obey the rules of the road to save your life, not to impose fines.
Students must wear a helmet when riding a motorcycle and never use a cell phone while driving.
Drive only after you have learned the rules of the road.
Motorists should provide adequate cooperation to traffic police.
The precious lives of students can be saved if every college administration constantly monitors the students following the rules of the road.
The future of the country is in the hands of the youth. Protecting such youth is an essential duty of the traffic police and the public.
Assistant Inspector Ravi Kumar, Chief Constables Kandeepan, Srinivasan and Thiagarajan were present at the camp.
Today marks the 42nd anniversary of the death of Professor Senaka Vipile.
Today marks the 42nd anniversary of the death of Professor Senaka Vipile, a pioneer of the National Drug Policy.
He was mysteriously murdered on the island of Guyana.
He was the first professor in the country in the field of medical medicine.
Professor Senaka Vipile is the first Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Peradeniya.
He revealed issues related to drug sales carried out by the country's multinational national companies and was under various pressures from these vendors.
The loss to the government caused by drugs imported into the country under various names is in the tens of millions of rupees.
He thus pointed out to the government the need for a national drug policy.
He worked to provide patients with 335 essential medicines at reasonable prices and with high quality.
He is subject to the zeal of multinational companies due to his activities.
The mystery of his death has not yet been revealed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not utter a single word on the Jammu and Kashmir issue during his speech at the United Nations today.
The 74th Session of the United Nations is currently underway.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the gathering on behalf of India today.
During his speech, he called on the nations of the world to unite against terrorism.
He also recalled the line sung by the Tamil poet Poonkunranar, "Everybody listens to everything."
Modi said India was making a major contribution towards a solution to the problem of global warming, adding that India's contribution to global warming was minimal and the solution was high.
The Government of India is making a serious effort to make the country plastic-free.
He said that a huge health insurance scheme is being implemented in India.
Everybody listens to anything. . I. D. Modi spoke in Tamil, a wonderful idea to the world in the House
But nowhere in his speech did he mention anything about the Jammu and Kashmir issue.
This is because the Central Government is adamant that Jammu and Kashmir is India's internal affair.
Political observers say Modi deliberately did not say a word about Jammu and Kashmir as Pakistan wants it to be an international issue.
This has sent a message to the world that Kashmir is India's internal affair.
2,993 tribals have passed the literacy test held in Kerala.
Of these, the 85-year-old grandmother has also passed.
According to the 2011 Census, 93.91 per cent of the population in Kerala is literate.
The Kerala state government is making efforts to make this 100 percent.
To this end, the State Literacy Commission was set up.
The Commission conducts classes and examinations for literacy of the people in each district.
In particular, the Commission is making serious efforts to provide literacy to tribals, fishermen and migrant workers.
In this context, the first literacy classes were conducted last February for the people in the tribal areas in Wayanad district and a recent examination was held.
The exam was 100 marks; 30 marks were allotted for reading ability, 40 marks for writing ability and 30 marks for mathematical knowledge.
It is compulsory to get 30 marks to pass this exam.
3,090 tribals from Wayanad district participated in the examination.
According to the Literacy Commission, 2,993 of them passed.
The 85-year-old grandmother was one of them.
27 Textbooks and notebooks for the second term for students in government and government-aided schools Oct. Director of School Education S. to deliver on the 3rd. Kannabhan has ordered.
In this regard, he sent a circular to all District Primary Education Officers and District Education Officers on Wednesday:
Free note books for government and government aided schools have been distributed to all districts through DNPL.
Similarly, second term free textbooks have been sent through Tamil Nadu Textbooks Corporation.
All District Primary Education Officers will report to all government and government-aided schools in their district on Sept. Textbooks and notebooks must be provided by the 30th.
He also said that all principals should be instructed to provide free textbooks and notebooks for the second term on the first day of school after the quarterly break.
