Today is the International Day of Knowledge.
The Ministry of Mass Media has declared Information Month on this occasion.
The start of the 15th month of this month will take place till 15th of next month.
A number of programmes will be implemented during this period to encourage action on the right to knowledge.
The Information Knowledge Act, 2016 in Sri Lanka will be passed by the Parliament.
This is a step towards further strengthening democracy.
At present, this law is standardized as the fourth law in the world.
The use of plastics has been banned at BJP headquarters in Delhi.
Single-use plastics such as water bottles have been banned there.
India is now gearing up for the next election rush.
Elections are scheduled for next month in Maharashtra and Haryana.
Results are due to be announced on the 24th of the same month.
All the parties are now actively preparing for this.
At this stage, an election committee meeting was held in Delhi on behalf of the BJP.
Prime Minister Modi, BJP National President Amit Shah and BJP National Executive Chairman JP Nadda were involved in the discussion.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, had earlier held discussions with the BJP Election Committee in March.
In his Independence Day address, he spoke of avoiding plastic.
He called for avoidance of single-use plastics.
In this context, single-use plastics have now been banned in BJP headquarters.
Most importantly, the water bottles have been abandoned altogether.
No water bottles have been used in the BJP meeting today.
Instead, the people who come there are given water in the class jar.
The move is said to have come in the wake of Prime Minister Modi's request.
It is important to note that many Nettisans are appreciating this step and commenting.
Gulalai Ismail is from Pakistan.
A social activist, she has been speaking out against child marriage, violence against women, murders and oppression since childhood.
He posted photographs of Pakistani military sexual harassment of ethnic Pashtun women and girls in some areas including Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan province on social media with evidence.
As a result, a "treason case" has been registered against Gulai and the country's police are actively trying to arrest him.
But Gulai Ismail escaped from Pakistan with the help of friends and relatives and is sheltering in the United States.
In this context, Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan addressed the UN General Assembly in New York earlier yesterday.
"There are no militant organizations in Pakistan, so we must unite against terrorism," he said.
Police are investigating the incident in which a young man who used a mobile phone as a charger hit him with electricity.
Ramakrishnan hails from Odapalli near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district.
His son Devendran (age 27).
He was working as a tower manager for a private mobile phone company.
Yesterday afternoon, Devendran had his mobile phone charged at his house and was still watching.
Then there was a sudden electricity leak and Devendran was electrified.
He suffered serious injuries after being thrown out and died miserably.
Police arrived at the scene and conducted an investigation.
Devendran's body was then sent to the Government Hospital for post mortem examination.
A complaint has been filed against the school police station.
The police have filed a case and are investigating.
The incident has caused a stir in the area.
The Supreme Court has stated categorically that it cannot give a single day after 18th October to make arguments in the Ayodhya case.
The Supreme Court is hearing appeals challenging the judgment of the Allahabad High Court in the Ayodhya case.
The hearing in the Supreme Court is being held on a daily basis from 6th of last month.
The Court has instructed that the arguments should be completed by 18th October.
The case is being heard by a bench chaired by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi.
An additional one-hour hearing has been held since last Monday.
During the argument held yesterday, the Islamic organisations objected to a 2003 report by the Archaeological Department.
Commenting on the matter, the judges said, "If there is an objection to the report of the archaeological department, you may have raised it in the Allahabad High Court.
There you will get relief according to the law.
We will not allow it to be raised here, "he said.
In this context, the Ayodhya case returned to trial today.
The Islamic organizations side objected to the Archaeological Survey and said that if they had wasted court time, they would apologize.
Islamic organizations have not lost the right to question the Archaeological Survey.
However, the judges said the evidence cannot be assessed after it has been accepted by the court.
The judges again indicated that arguments in the Ayodhya case should be concluded by October 18 and accordingly the Hindu and Muslim sides should indicate the time frame for closing their arguments.
The judges said that they cannot give a single day to make arguments after the 18th of October and that it would be best if they handed down a verdict in four weeks.
They said that with the holidays coming in October, only one lawyer would be allowed to make arguments on the part of Hindu organizations.
Uttarkhand BJP Chief Minister Trivendra Singh has said indifferently that increasing the dosage of the pill for dengue fever will not do anything else.
About 4800 cases of dengue fever have been diagnosed in Uttarakhand.
Officials have confirmed that 3,000 people have been affected by dengue in Dehradun so far and 1,100 in Haldwani.
Of these, four died in Dehradun and two died in Haldwani.
The State Health Department report itself showed that as of September 17, eight people had died.
In response to a reporter's question that Uttarkhand's mosquito-borne epidemic is on the rise, Trivendra Singh has said indifferently that patients affected by dengue are going to consume the paracetamol drug at 650 milligrams of dosage instead of 500 milligrams of dosage and a little rest is going to cure the disease.
A mysterious object exploded in a pooja room near Thiruvallur and the priest's death caused a stir in the area.
Govindaraj was a 45-year-old resident of Thiruvallur next to Irayamangalam.
The couple did not get married.
They know Siddhavidhya, Jyoti and Yoga.
He belonged to Chennai Nanganallur and had bought an acre here 15 years ago and lived alone.
He used to grow herbal plants around the house.
Lavanya, a young girl from Besant, Chennai, arrived at Govindaraj's house last Saturday.
Yesterday evening, Samyar Govindaraj was performing the pooja in the house.
Suddenly the mysterious object exploded with the sound of horror.
Govindaraj caught fire in the body.
He screamed and ran out of the house.
When Lavanya came out of the neighbouring room after hearing the noise, she was shocked to see Govindaraj's body embroidered.
Govindaraj suffered severe burns to his body and died miserably at the scene.
After learning of the news, Mapped police rushed to recover Govindaraj's body and sent him to Thiruvallur Government Hospital for a post mortem.
When the mysterious object exploded, Lavanya escaped unluckily because she was in a nearby room.
What is the object that exploded in the pooja room?
I don't know if it was a bombshell.
Forensic expert Nalina and officers under the leadership of Deputy Police Superintendent Harini collected clues at the scene.
They have sent it for analysis.
What was the object that exploded in the pooja room only after its conclusion?
There is also blood scattered in the pooja room.
Police suspect there is no possibility of blood stains during the blaze.
Govindaraj has decided to conduct a further investigation with the body examination.
An investigation is also being carried out with the woman who was staying with her.
An explosion of a mysterious object in the pooja room has caused a stir in the area.
CBCID Police are investigating the case against NEET.
Udith Surya and his father Venkatesan, who were arrested the day before yesterday, were questioned at the Theni CBCIT office.
Southern Regional Superintendent Vijayakumar and Deputy Superintendent Hardwin Jagadiskumar and Deputy Superintendent Theni CBCIT Inspector Chitradevi investigated and filed appropriate submissions.
They then completed a medical examination and appeared before Judge Paneerselvam of the Bee Criminal Justice Department at 8.15pm last night.
Actor Sasi Kumar's film shooting is about the patients at the govt hospital who are suffering.
All the hospital patients suffered because of this noise.
Many people were amused, including night doctors, nurses and staff.
On enquiry, it emerged that all those ambulances were being used as shooting for a new film directed by Ponram featuring actor Sasi Kumar.
It is said that actor Sasi Kumar has not formally taken permission from the hospital management to shoot the film.
Members of the public immediately blocked the ambulances and got into an argument with the film crew.
Knowing this, Ghanaian police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning.
But by then, the crew had left, according to people there.
We contacted the film crew to explain the incident.
However, they were unable to communicate.
The Nataraja statue recovered from Australia was placed at the Kulasekaramudayar temple sanctum in Kallidaikurichi yesterday.
Samedha Kulasekaramudayar temple is the heroine who was raised by Kallidaikurichi in Thirunelveli district.
A two-and-a-half-foot statue of Nataraja, Sivakami Ambal, Manickavasakar and Sripalinathar at the Nataraja Santhi in this ancient temple was looted in 1982.
It is understood that these statues are in the Australian Museum.
The statue was recovered and brought to Tamilnadu under the leadership of Special Officer Pon Manickavel of the Statue Anti-Trafficking Unit.
After the order of the Kumbakonam court, Kallidaikurichi was brought yesterday morning.
The statue in the police van was greeted by members of the public at Kallidaikurichi with a chant of panchavathiyam.
The statue was then placed in the Kulasekaramudayar temple sanctum.
Special Officer Pon Manickavel said: With this, we will soon find three other statues including the stolen Sivakami Ambal.
Those involved in the incident will soon be arrested, he said.
Another three medical students and their father are being arrested and questioned by CBCIT police in connection with NEET exam recruitment.
Uditsurya and his father, Dr. Venkatesan, who works at Stanley Hospital, Chennai, have been arrested in connection with the recruitment of NEET.
Dr. Venkatesan was suspended yesterday as they continue to be questioned.
Meanwhile, the CBCIT police are conducting an intensive investigation into the matter of personnel change.
Three medical students from Kancheepuram were trapped yesterday and another three students were arrested today.
Krishnagiri, Abhirami, Praveen and Rahul of Viluppuram Medical Colleges and their father were arrested and questioned by CBCIT police today.
Six middlemen have been arrested in this matter.
It is said that CBCIT has now taken action based on the testimony given by Udith Suryah's father during the interrogation.
The CBCIT side has been told that there are continuous shock reports regarding NEET exams.
President Maithripala Sirisena said that the way in which graduates from universities demonstrate on the streets asking for jobs is due to an educational system that excludes science, technology and research fields.
Therefore, the President said that it is very important to take fundamental changes in national education policies and introduce and implement new education systems of developed countries in the world.
The President said this while addressing the second leg of the 'Shilpa Sena' exhibition at Polonnaruwa Kallella National Stadium early yesterday morning.
The second phase of the Shilpa Sena Exhibition, which is being regulated by the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, will take place from yesterday to 29th at Polonnaruwa Kallella National Stadium with knowledge, innovation and various entertainment events.
Addressing the gathering, the President said that the world's progress is due to innovation in science and technology emerging through research.
The President explained the need for scientific, technological and research cooperation to overcome the challenges faced by the people of our country due to climate change and the need for experts in the field to focus on it in an era when it is so desperately needed.
Noting that the majority of people in politics and science, technology and research are not thinking about the country and thinking about themselves is a major challenge in the journey towards development as a country, the President said that the country is losing the necessary academics in engineering, doctors and accountancy services because academics who receive free education left the country thinking about themselves and not the country.
The Shilpa Sena exhibition under the theme of 'Strong Hands Prosperous Country' is mainly divided into five categories: Entrepreneurship, Industrial Market, New Products, Blue Green Division and Happiness.
STEM Education, Space Technology, Biotechnology, Robot Technology, Nanotechnology, Megadonics, New Energy, Blue Green Technology and 55G IOT have been organized in the field of technology to promote knowledge in the field of advanced science, technology and research.
More than 250 innovations developed by innovators in the country have been showcased in the new products section of Shilpa Sena exhibition and necessary action plans have been put in place for commercialization of these products.
While inaugurating the exhibition, the President visited the exhibition and interacted amicably with the working group.
Sindhaka S. Lokuhetike, Secretary, Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, and other officials were present on the occasion.
The Dussehra festival at Kulasai Mutharamman temple started with a flag raising.
In Thoothukudi district, near Thiruchendur, Kulasekaranpattinam Mutharamman temple, the annual Dussehra festival is world renowned.
After Dussehra at the Samundeswari Amman Temple in Mysore, India, lakhs of devotees gather for the Dussehra festival in large numbers.
The unique feature of the Kulasekaranpattinam Mutharamman temple festival is the worship of Amman by wearing different roles from Viratham.
Even those who do the role of Kali, it's special to have 48 days of strict fasting.
The Dussehra Festival 2019 kicked off this morning with a flag waving.
The Dussehra festival takes place over 10 days.
The main event of Dussehra festival, Mahishasuravath, is being held on 8th October.
Later that night, she wakes up on the beach in Kulasai and mourns her happiness.
It is understood that more than 6 lakh devotees will attend the festival for darshan of Amman.
With Gnanamurtheswara, devotees are fortunate to see Mutharamman sitting in Mulasthan and giving his blessings together.
Ambikai Mutharamman is the unwavering belief of devotees who can solve mental health problems, marriage bans and child maternity bans.
A powerful earthquake struck Indonesia on Thursday, killing 20 people.
This was stated by the National Disaster Response Organization (NDRO) and Rescue Force High Commissioners of the country:
A powerful earthquake struck near Ambon Nagar in the Maluku Islands area at 8.45am (local time) on Thursday.
On the Richter scale, the earthquake registered 6.5 units.
Several houses collapsed due to the earthquake, and landslides occurred at various locations.
Twenty people were killed in these incidents.
They were trapped in building rubble and buried in a landslide.
One of them, a woman, slipped and died while speeding in a two-wheeled vehicle towards an elevated area in fear of a tsunami.
In addition, 100 people were injured as a result of the earthquake and 2,000 were evacuated to safer areas, officials said.
4 lakh people are reported to have been affected by the earthquake in Amphon and surrounding areas.
After the earthquake shook the town hospital, sick people and others hurried away from it.
Accordingly, it has been reported that patients have been accommodated there by setting up a Tath Kali camp.
It is worth remembering that last year's 7.5 Richter magnitude earthquake in Indonesia killed 4,300 people.
An attempted robbery has taken place at ATM in Kancheepuram.
After seeing the police, a mystery gang of 3 people on a motorcycle escaped.
The State Bank of India ATM is located at Velinga Workshop in Kancheepuram.
At 3am today, three mystery people on a motorcycle stopped the vehicle in front of the ATM and then they saw the camera on the door of the ATM.
They then hit the spray that they brought to the camera.
Kancheepuram Taluka Police Inspector Bhaskar, Sub-Inspector Sellapillai and police were on their way to the night patrol.
When police heard the sound of Haran, 3 people on a motorcycle took the vehicle to speed and escaped.
But Inspector Bhaskar chased them briefly.
But he managed to escape by entering an alley.
Kancheepuram Taluka Police have filed a case against this and are searching for mysterious people who attempted robbery at ATM.
Since the police arrived there on patrol, lakhs of money from ATM escaped.
Minister Sellore Raju has said that Tamils should congratulate Prime Minister Modi for his speech at the UN General Assembly which highlights Tamil pride.
As far as Cooperation Minister Sellore Raju is concerned, he will speak excitedly at the AIADMK meetings and relax the tension there.
Moreover, even if he meets the press, he will make his interview headlines with adventurous comments.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the United Nations General Assembly meeting in the United States, quoting the extraordinary lines of "Yaadhum Oore Yaavarum Khelir."
In this context, he said that Tamils should thank and congratulate Prime Minister Modi for that and today it is our duty.
Prime Minister Modi has also made Tamil proud among world leaders at the UN General Assembly.
This was stated by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, who flagged off the new buses at Arapalayam Bus Station in Madurai.
Minister Sellore Raju's interview has upset even the BJP members.
He said that in the meantime, the rule of law in Tamil Nadu is taking place, for example the arrest of former AIADMK councillor Jayagopal, who was responsible for the loss of life of Subhasri.
He assured that whoever made a mistake, the AIADMK government would not be amused and action would be taken without mercy.
Tahil Ramani was the Chief Justice of Chennai High Court.
A year after his appointment as Chief Justice, the Coligium Committee recommended to the Central Government to appoint a different Chief Justice to Chennai.
Accordingly, it was decided to appoint Dahil Ramani as Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court.
Judge Tahil Ramani refused to accept the change and requested the Coliseum.
However, his request was rejected.
Following this, he submitted a letter of resignation.
At this stage, a lawsuit was filed against the transfer of Tahil Ramani.
In the meantime, the Central Government announced that the resignation letter of Dahil Ramani had been accepted.
The case has also been dismissed.
In this context, a function was held for Tahil Ramani on behalf of the High Court Bar Associations of Chennai.
28 demonstration on behalf of the Secular Progressive Alliance (SPA) condemning the violent attitude of the Hindu Front and urging police to take swift action in connection with the attack.
On the 5th of last year, more than 60 members of the Hindu Front entered and attacked the Pinnaladai Institute in Angeripalayam Road, Tiruppur.
As a result, the workers were attacked and company belongings were damaged.
Police have done some research on this.
While there has been strong condemnation from industry, various political parties, movements and the general public about the incident, a protest has been announced on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance parties of Tiruppur on 9th.
The complaint was filed with the District Collector and the Municipal Police Commissioner of Tiruppur when they refused permission.
The demonstration was announced again on September 17 on behalf of the Secular Progressive Alliance (SPA) at a subsequent consultation.
Because the police refused permission for the demonstration, the protest started at 11am on 17th at Tiruppur Municipal Corporation 'condemning the violent attitude of the Hindu Front and urging police to take swift action'.
The protest was led by K. Selvaraj, the DMK secretary for the Northern District of Tiruppur.
CPI (M) State Council member K Kamaraj, Tiruppur District CPI (M) Secretary C. Muthukannan, Tiruppur District CPI Secretary M. Ravi, Congress Party Ramasamy and Madhimuka Sampath, among others, participated in the demonstration.
In the midst of the demonstration, police narrowly denied permission to demonstrate.
The Secular Progressive Alliance Party (SPA) said that on the 5th of last year in Tiruppur, a group called the Hindu Front had attacked the backroom company and rioted.
We have formally asked for permission to conduct a democratic demonstration against this incident, the police have not given permission, we have filed a complaint with the government and the police commissioner regarding this and thereafter the police have refused permission for the demonstration to take place in a democratic manner and the demonstration is currently going on in violation of the ban.
Moreover, the police have arrested only a few people in the incident where the backroom company was attacked.
They said the police should take expeditious measures to arrest the Hindu prominent rowdies still involved in the incident.
More than 500 people, particularly women, took part in the demonstration in large numbers and voiced opposition to the violence, prompting the police to retreat without arresting the demonstrators.
The demonstration was met with loud chants of protest against the attack by the Hindu Front in Tiruppur and the religious-violence being caused by the Hindu Front in various forms.
If the democratically controlled and secular Progressive Alliance demonstrated an awareness against violence among the people of Tiruppur, it would be no surprise!
A fine of Rs.100 crore has been collected against those travelling by Ozzy on the train.
The Railway Police will file a case against those travelling without a ticket on the train and impose a fine.
Thus, there has been an increase in the number of people travelling without tickets during the year from last year.
The Central Railways press release states that during the months April to September, 2018, OC filed 17.42 lakh cases and collected a total fine of Rs. 87.98 crore from them and 19.15 lakh cases filed between April and September, 2018 and Rs. 100.29 crore in the current year.
Collectors showed and congratulated Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy on the outstanding work done by the Government of India in Thiruvallur.
Collector M. Asia Mariam and Collector Maheshwari Ravi Kumar of Thiruvallur district received the award for outstanding district of Thiruvallur district for outstanding public awareness of the scheme under the Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao scheme, at a function held in New Delhi on 6.9.2019 on behalf of the Ministry of Women and Child Development, Government of India.
During the event, Social Welfare and Nutrition Programme Minister Dr. V. Saroja, Chief Secretary K Shanmugam, Secretary Social Welfare and Nutrition Programme S. Madhumati and Social Welfare Commissioner T. Abraham were present.
Speaking about the effort, Ram Singh said, "The difficulties of buying more vegetables, the difficulties of traffic jams, environmental pollution and other activities have resulted in people being frustrated.
When many people had complained about it, they did not seem to realize that they were considering an alternative but that they had a solution.
The right solution is that if I do what I believe in, the people will come forward to follow.
So my wife and I have been walking 10 km a week and buying vegetables.
Having been going for six months now, it has become a habit.
Right now, I am mentally satisfied, "he said.
"A lot of people said that it is difficult to carry a lot of vegetables and I recommended them to carry a bamboo basket to fight the threat of plastic.
But they listened and laughed.
So my wife and I went to the market carrying a bamboo basket.
Only then did I know that it would be very helpful in many ways.
Many young people are not in healthy health these days.
I think they should start walking and control their food.
I believe deeply that traditional methods can provide the best solutions to the new challenges of the modernised world.
One can remain fully healthy if one employs traditional methods, says Ram Singh with enthusiasm at IAS.
Cardiovascular surgeon Dr. G. Sengotuvelu said that heart disease, including heart attacks, is the number one cause of death worldwide.
World Heart Day is observed every year on 29th September.
Earlier, Dr. G.S. Hart Foundation launched an awareness campaign called Join by Heart - Heart Keeping on 27.9.2019 at Thyagarayar Nagar, Chennai.
The event was presided over by Apollo Hospital High Consultant and Interventional Heart Therapist Dr. G. Sengotuvelu.
Filmmaker Sivak Kumar was a special guest and everyone including doctors at the headquarters took the pledge of Heart Keepers Heart Heroes.
Sivak Kumar spoke about continuing to live healthily.
The head of the hospital, Dr. A. Muruganathan, received it.
Speaking on the occasion, medical expert G. Cheng Kotuvelu said:
Cardiovascular diseases including heart attacks are among the leading causes of death worldwide.
Cardiovascular diseases are on the rise in India.
Young people are also affected by heart attacks.
If we stay alert and keep the body safe, we can prevent heart disease by 80 percent.
If mother, father, grandfather and grandmother have heart problems, we may also get heart problems.
If we move ahead with lifestyle, we can prevent cardiovascular disease somewhat.
In existing modern medicine, it is possible to predict who will get a heart attack.
If it is found in the beginning, it may prevent a heart attack.
Even if a heart attack occurs, it can be cured quickly.
He said this was the case.
The Election Commission has reduced the disqualification period for Sikkim Chief Minister Premsingh, who was convicted in a corruption case, from six years to one month.
This has removed the deadlock in contesting the Tamang by-election.
Sikkim Legislative Assembly elections were held with Lok Sabha elections.
Sikkim Krantikari Morcha won the election immediately.
The president of the party, Prem Singh Tamang, took over as Chief Minister.
But in a corruption case, Tamang was sentenced to jail in 2016 by a lower court.
The Supreme Court also confirmed this and he faced imprisonment.
Controversy erupted when Tamang took office because a person serving a prison sentence in a corruption case could not contest the election for six years.
Tamang is contesting the Legislative Assembly by-election in Sikkim.
With the support of the BJP, Tamang governs in Sikkim.
In the meantime, Tamang had sent a letter to the Electoral Commission seeking the removal of a 6-year ban on him contesting the elections, citing various provisions of the law.
In considering the letter, the Electoral Commission announced that it would reduce the ban period for Tamang to one month.
Thus, Tamang is not barred from contesting the Legislative Assembly by-election.
The BJP can now start playing its politics in other states including Tamil Nadu using the privilege given to Tamang.
The Election Commission and the statements executing BJP's wishes may be released in full swing.
Government doctor Venkatesan, father of student Udith Suryah, has been suspended in the case of change of person in the NEET exam.
Moreover, Joseph has been arrested in Kerala after acting as a middleman in an altercation matter.
Udith Surya, a student from Theni Government Medical College, was found guilty of obstructing the Neet examination.
Following this, police filed cases against Udith Surya and his family.
But Udith Surya and his family fled and went into hiding.
Udit Surya had also applied for anticipated bail.
The Tamilnadu police arrested Udith Suryah who was hiding with his family in Tirupati.
Udith Surya's family was arrested in a cage and brought to the bee and questioned for several hours.
During the interrogation, Udith Surya's father Dr. Venkatesan acknowledged that he had transplanted his son to become a doctor.
After Venkatesan confessed to the police, they all appeared in court and were remanded in custody.
Udith Suryah's father worked as a government doctor at Stanley Hospital.
Since he has now been arrested and jailed, the Tamilnadu govt has suspended Venkatesan.
Based on the confession given by Venkatesan, middleman Joseph has been arrested in Kerala.
He is due to be brought to Tamil Nadu for investigation.
Venkatesan, a doctor at Stanley Government Hospital, Chennai, who is the father of student Udith Suryah, has been suspended.
Meanwhile, CBCIT police conducted an investigation today at the Neet Examination Training Centre run by middleman Joseph in Thiruvananthapuram.
It is said that Joseph was committing a huge amount of fraud in the name of Neet Training Centre.
That's why Joseph has been approached easily by Udith Surya's father Dr. Venkatesan.
The CBCID police are also reviewing the documents at Joseph's training centre.
A by-election will be held next month (October 21) for the vacant seats of Nanguneri and Vikravandi in Tamil Nadu.
DMK is contesting the Vikravandi constituency and the Nanguneri constituency has been awarded to the Congress, an alliance party.
Last night, Mukul Vasnik, general secretary of the All India Congress Party and in charge of Tamil Nadu, announced the name of the Congress candidate contesting the Nanguneri constituency.
Kancheepuram North District Chairman Ruby Manoharan, 60, has been announced as the candidate.
Ruby Manoharan's native Kanyakumari district is Marayapuram near Marthandam.
He served in the Indian Air Force for 15 years before running a construction company in Chennai.
On the occasion of Periyar's 141st birth anniversary, a special occasion was given to 535 Malaysian government Tamil schools as a book of writing reforms.
Periyar's Writing Reform was introduced in Tamil schools by the Government of Bukit Portugal and Menthakab Gardens.
The book will be sent in phases to 535 Tamil schools operating in Malaysia.
In the first phase, the books were sent to 150 Tamil schools operating in Pahang state and Selangor state.
More than 50 thousand students are studying in these schools.
It is important to note that more than seven thousand teaching yards are employed.
This is an excellent opportunity for the students and teachers studying here to learn about Periyar's work for the Tamil language.
Dr. K. Veeramani's publication was explained by M. Govindasamy on the occasion of the introduction ceremony.
On this occasion, Chinnaiya was honoured with a Periyar Personality Award.
Periyar, a poet and former head teacher of a Tamil school, read poetry about KK Raman Periyar.
It is noteworthy that poet Shanmugam from Taiping was also awarded the Reason Pavalar.
There are revolutionary movements before and after Bhagat Singh.
But it is not just a compliment that Bhagat Singh and his friends have given a new evolution and a clear ideology to the revolutionary movements and thereby Indian politics.
We can still see today that there is a perception among the people that the revolutionaries are just fools and that they are stonewallers who don't care about human life.
The Bhagat Singh era conveys to us their humanity and clear thinking and capability.
After the bombing of the Legislative Council in April 1929, Bhagat Singh's name became widespread in India.
It was not until the 1930s that it became known to the general population.
But within a year of his debut, his popularity had spread rapidly across all corners of Tamilnadu.
This is the most surprising news in history and the name of any North Indian-born leader, including Gandhi, has not spread in such a short time in Tamil Nadu.
The reason for this is because of their father.
Only the week after Bhagat Singh was killed, an editorial appeared in Republic Weekly entitled Bhagat Singh.
The editorial praised many of Bhagat Singh's character interests and offered some ideas about the political situation of the day.
Excerpts from the editorial include: -
"In fact, Bhagat Singh ji had made sure that his whole ideology was correct and the models he had behaved in order to accomplish it were the right way and if he had decided not to, we would definitely say that he should have behaved the way he had behaved and if that had not happened then he would not have been able to say that he was a wise person.
Therefore, we must now say that he is a true person.
Our strongest opinion is that India really needs the Bhagat Singh ideology.
If Shri Bhagat Singh had not been executed and died, there would have been no evidence that this victory would have been caused by such popularity.
Let us say that if Bhagat Singh had not been executed, Gandhi would still have been inspired.
For Bhagat Singh, who must have suffered from self-inflicted illness and died of ashes, why did a useful mother lose her life to show the true path of equality and peace to the people of the world.
We heartily congratulate Bhagat Singh on being a great accomplishment that no one else can achieve. "
Father Periyar mentioned in a Republic Journal editorial.
In the meantime, a guard named Dennis Turner, who was in police custody at the school where the incident took place, has arrested the girl who was holding an adam at the school for the reason she kicked the teacher.
In it, he plastic tagged the girl's hand and took her in a police car to the Juvenile Assessment Center, where a photograph of the girl standing bearing a plaque was taken similar to that of the offenders.
His fingerprints have also been taken.
This information has since been reported to the girl's family and handed over to her family.
It is not known whether he took another child to the police station.
His grandmother Kirkland agreed to reveal the identity of the little girl Kaya Roll and in an interview with the media, my granddaughter, who is suffering from sleep problems called 'Sleep Apnea' because of the drugs she consumes, has been addicted to religious behaviour.
I am very shocked that he has been arrested for that and he has said that it is difficult for any 6 year old child to understand and explain it.
In Uttar Pradesh, 73 people have died in 4 days due to rain floods and the weather bureau has issued Red Alert in most districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh.
The heavy rains in the last four days in Patna, the capital of Bihar, have caused flooding in many areas and disrupted rail and road traffic.
Many trains were cancelled this morning due to heavy rain in the states of Bihar.
Yesterday, Chief Minister Nitish Kumar held a meeting through video conferencing.
As of Tuesday, all schools have been ordered to close.
Heavy rains have also fallen in Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, where several people have lost their lives in rain-related incidents in the last few days.
Uttar Pradesh received 3 percent more rain than normal on Friday.
The eastern part of the state is badly affected.
Yesterday, there was 42.5 mm of rain in Prayagraj and 6.2 mm in Varanasi.
This is much higher than the average rainfall this year.
Yesterday 26 people lost their lives in various parts of Uttar Pradesh.
In the previous two days, 47 people had died.
Heavy rains have caused flooding in Lucknow, Amethi, Hardai and other districts.
The Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Yogi Adityanath has directed collectors and regional commissioners to take all necessary security and measures.
Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh have suffered six deaths due to rain in the last two days.
Three students have lost their lives when the wall of a public school collapsed in Topwara, Udaipur, Rajasthan.
Three people, including a police constable, died on Friday in Madhya Pradesh.
Their bodies were found about a kilometre from the scene.
The Status Report of the World Nuclear Energy Sector was released on 24th January.
The chairman of the committee that produced the report was Michael Scheider.
According to the survey, the nuclear energy sector has declined from 17.46 percent of the world's energy demand in 1996 to 10.15 percent in 2018.
This decline suggests that the world's attention is moving beyond nuclear power towards renewable and long-term viable energy.
Leaving nuclear power behind, renewable energies such as solar power, wind power and hydro power are increasing globally.
Each year, various agencies come together to report on the status of the global nuclear energy sector.
According to a report released this year, the entire world appears to be in decline in the nuclear energy sector.
The report also notes that India's nuclear energy sector is in critical condition.
Bilgates honoured Prime Minister Modi with the Global Goalkeeper Award for outstanding implementation of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
In India, the Union Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Modi is announcing and implementing the Swachh Bharat Mission.
The scheme was launched on 2-10-2014, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi in 2014.
The project is aimed at construction of household toilets, construction of public toilets and solid waste management etc.
More than 10 crore toilets have been constructed across the country under this scheme.
Rural health coverage has been brought in 98 percent of the villages.
It was announced that on behalf of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation of the United States, Modi will be awarded the World Goalkeeper of the Year Award, an International Achievement Award.
In this context, Prime Minister Modi, who is on a tour of the United States, was awarded the Global Goalkeeper Award today.
At an event held on the sidelines of the UN Security Council meeting in New York today, the world's richest man, Bill Gates, presented the award to Modi.
The award-winning Prime Minister Modi said that Mahatma Gandhi's dream of cleanliness has now been fulfilled.
The Prime Minister said that in addition to completing the Swachh Bharat Mission, he will present the award to crores of Indians who have made it a part of their daily lives.
Modi noted that the World Health Organization has said that three lakh people have been saved from various diseases due to Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
The Health Ministry has declared that the current rainfall and flood conditions are likely to contribute to the spread of disease.
As a result, the Health Ministry has advised them to avoid unnecessary descent.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has urged the public to keep an eye on the sensitivity caused by heavy rainfall in many districts.
The number of children and elderly people affected by the floods has increased to sick and admitted to hospitals.
As a result, Dr. Hemantha Herath, Chief Officer of Risk Management Unit, Ministry of Health, has asked the people affected to pay more attention to health care outreach.
The Ministry of Education has issued a media statement regarding Teachers Presidents Holiday Leave.
In a statement, the Ministry of Education said that suggestions and recommendations have been initiated to resolve pay discrepancies in the service of teachers and principals.
The Ministry of Education has said that the absence of teachers and principals on sick leave based on their pay dispute is a gross injustice to the government as it prepares to implement the Government Services Pay Conflict (GSPC) recommendation from 1st January next year to increase the salaries of all government employees, including teachers and principals.
It is the right of employees to engage in trade union activities.
Although it has not been challenged, the Ministry said that cheating on the opportunistic behaviour of the trade unions used as a strategy to deceive members is not conducive to the intelligent and honourable profession such as teaching principals, citing the success achieved due to their actions despite being aware of the possible pay rises.
Education Minister Akhilaviraj Kariyavasam told parliament last July that the salaries of teachers and principals had been massively increased in 2015 and this amount had been increased by 106 per cent. Similarly the increase in salaries was a step taken by any government.
The Minister informed the Parliament on 7th June that the Ministry of Education had submitted suggestions and recommendations regarding the pay dispute between the teachers and the Principals to the appointed Ranukke Committee on the general pay dispute within the Government Service.
The allowance for principals has been increased from 650 rupees to 6,500 rupees.
The promotion work that had been delayed since the beginning of 2015 has now been properly carried out.
A system has been prepared and put in place for acceptance of pension.
Around 6,000 people were inducted into the service after recovering the Presidential Service from politics and conducting a competitive examination to address shortcomings of Presidential standards in the service.
Teachers and Principals were given the opportunity to train abroad, 25,000 people were enrolled in the teaching service and the first steps were completed in the last four and a half years, i.e. in a short period of time.
These will be promoted as the objective of human resource development in the field of education, the Ministry of Education added in a press release today.
There was a complaint against Chennai student Uditsurya that he was going to attend Theni Medical College after getting successful in his Neet exams.
Subsequently, the case was transferred to CBCIT.
After this, Uditsurya became a magician with his parents.
Day before yesterday, the police caught Udhisurya and his father Venkatesan and mother Kayalvizhi in the foothills of Tirupati.
The Goa court has filed an indictment against PJ Assemblyman Atanasio Manzarate based on a complaint that Minor had sexually assaulted the girl.
He was accused of raping a 16-year-old girl by Atanasio.
Last year, the police presented a 250 page crime paper against him in the District Court of North Goa.
The hearing will begin on October 17.
Atanasio is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Panaji.
She is 55 years old and the alleged rape took place in 2016 when she was 16 years old.
The woman had alleged that she had been violent with drugs and that she had sold herself to her mother, Atanasio, for 50 lakhs.
Atanasio, who was arrested in 2016, is currently on bail.
Bagh-occupied Kashmir suffered the most damage from yesterday evening's earthquake centred around Pakistan.
About 25 people have been killed there.
More than 400 people were injured.
At least 25 people, including women and children, died and another 400 were injured, many of them seriously, Pakistani officials said yesterday evening due to a 5.8 Richter magnitude earthquake centred on Bagh-occupied Kashmir.
The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake was centered 22.3 kilometers north of the Jhelum River, along the border separating Punjab and Occupied Kashmir.
The earthquake was centred on an area of 10 km.
It was felt in large parts of Punjab and parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
However, Pakistan's chief meteorologist Mohammad Riaz has said that "the worst impact is in the (occupied) Mirpur district of Kashmir."
Mirpur Divisional Commissioner Mohammad Dayab said that because the epicenter of the earthquake was near the Jhelum River, it wreaked havoc in the middle of Jadlan and Ghari Sharif and damaged hundreds of homes, vehicles and other infrastructure.
He said 12 people had died on the way to the headquarters hospital in Mirpur, while 13 people had died in different villages between Jadlan and Gari Sharif.
About 150 injured people are being treated at DHQ Hospital.
Several people were sent to Rawalpindi for further treatment.
In rural areas, mobile phone, telephone service and electricity supply were cut off.
As a result, people are unable to provide information or get help from their neighbours.
Election Mannan Padmarajan has filed a candidacy with the Election Officer to contest the Nanguneri by-election.
Padmarajan, Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalitha, Karunanidhi, Rajasekara Reddy and others from the village of Veerakavalpudur near Mettur in Salem district contested the elections.
Abdul Kalam, Pranab Mukherjee, Ram Nath Kovind and others contested the Presidential elections.
He has spent 32 lakh rupees of his own money on the deposit paid during the nomination process alone.
Don't think he is rich enough for that, he is a middle class resident.
He is contesting the by-election to the Nanguneri constituency and yesterday presented his candidacy to the electoral officer Nadesan.
He will be competing in Nanguneri for the 206th time. He says his aim is not to succeed, but to remain in Guinness.
He says that Limka has already been featured in the book and if it is featured in the Guinness Book, he will stop contesting the elections.
This election king Padmarajan owns the record of contesting and losing the most elections in India.
Vikramlander collided heavily on the lunar surface and NASA released the photo evidence.
NASA's LROC Orbiter has captured and sent a picture of the Vikram Lander of the 28 Lunar Yaan-2 spacecraft that crashed heavily into the South Pole area of the moon.
The Vikram Lander of the Chandra Yaan-2 mission sent by ISRO touched down on the South Pole of the Moon on 7th July.
However, at the last moment the communication was disconnected.
As the Vikram lander slowly landed on the lunar surface, it was thought that it was damaged and communication could have been cut off.
On this occasion, NASA's LROC Orbiter passed through the South Pole area of the Moon on 17th.
The Vikram Lane Dar landed Simbe Lius N and Manciness C, sending a state-of-the-art snapshot of the plain between the two ridges.
After researching these films, the Vikram lander crashed heavily on the ground and landed safely.
Therefore, it is only a short distance from where the landing should have taken place.
Speaking on the subject, John Keller, Deputy Director of NASA's AROC Program, said, "The LROC Orbiter passed through the South Pole of the Moon on the 17th.
It has sent us pictures taken in the evening when darkness is over.
On examining it, it is learnt that the Vikram lander crashed heavily on the ground.
However, Vikram could not find the exact location where the lander landed.
LROC R Bitter will cross the South Pole again on 14th of next month.
Since the light will be good then, there is a lot of opportunity to shoot Vikram Lander, "he said.
The ideology of both Prime Minister Modi and President Trump is the same.
Instead of worrying about the economy, Modi is spreading his support for President Trump.
At a seminar in Puducherry, Sitaram Yechury accused the federalist ideology of the central BJP regime of being in question.
On behalf of the Marxist Communist Party, a seminar was held at the Kampan Auditorium in Puducherry on the topic of state rights and anti-people bills.
Sitaram Yechury, All India Secretary General of the Marxist Communist Party, delivered the keynote address.
Speaking at the seminar, he said that the BJP's campaign of One Nation, One Culture, One Election, One Education System has called into question India's diversity.
If you reject the anti-democratic stance of the government, you can be arrested on the grounds that you are an anti-national.
An amendment has been brought in.
He said that human rights abuses are taking place in the country, whether criticising BJP or posting on the social media, or going to jail for being a terrorist, there is an economic crisis in the country.
Because people don't have the purchasing power.
But the government has poured 2 lakh crore rupees into rich employers.
He urged everyone to participate in the protest against this anti-people government from 10th to 16th October.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Prime Minister is spreading the message to Trump, without worrying about the nation, and without addressing the economy.
When an actor came to India from Bangladesh to promote it, the Indian government blocked it.
But Modi has gone to the United States to promote Trump's return as President.
From this, Modi has confirmed that the ideology of the two is the same.
Federalism has been called into question in the central BJP regime.
Sitaram Yechury alleged that the promises of the Constitution were being destroyed.
The seminar was attended by Balakrishnan, Tamil state secretary of the Marxist Communist Party, Puducherry state secretary Rajangam and other prominent leaders.
Minister of Agriculture, Rural Economic Offices, Animal Development, Irrigation and Oceanography and Hydrological Resource Development P. Herrison has said that all farmers who have registered with the Agricultural Insurance Council and paid insurance installments will be paid within 2 weeks.
The Agricultural Insurance Council has been advised in this regard.
Under this scheme, 3,000 farmers who have paid insurance default allowance for Ampara, Monaragala and Athimalai areas will be compensated for production impact.
The Minister highlighted these issues during the interaction at the Ministry of Rural Economy's Auditorium.
Postal voting for the Elpitiya Divisional Council elections to be held on 11th next month will take place tomorrow.
People who cannot vote by post tomorrow will have the opportunity to cast their ballots by post on the 4th of next month, according to Mahinda Patriya, Chairman of the Election Commission.
This has been facilitated in the Galle District Elections Office.
To vote by post, carry an identity card allowed by the National Identity Card or Electoral Commission.
Two libraries, one Mayam, opened on Periyar's birthday in Malaysia.
Pahang State, Menthakab Garden:
The school was established in 1928 and employs about 100 students.
The Periyar Library was inaugurated here on 17-9-2019 by Garden Administrators (Sabha) Chairman and Dravida Mission Worker Govindasamy.
He led the school's leadership Aussie Ri Naimali Uma Kal for this event.
Members of the Executive Board of the school, Parents Teachers Association members, Teachers Students and Periyar Great Volunteers Avadaiyar, Raman, Chinnaiya and others participated in the function.
Students were given taste water drinks and fruits.
The school's teachers and students were gifted Periyar's books.
Bukitraja Gardens, Killan City:
Approximately 160 students are enrolled in the school.
The biggest house was built here.
About 500 books were distributed to the centre.
Mallika Palaniandi led the head teacher of the school.
Periyar volunteers and Dravida Kazhagam colleagues participated in the function.
Students were given a taste drink.
Teachers were gifted Periyar's books.
Kadong Gardens, Banding Nagar:
The school employs approximately 100 students and 15 faculty members.
Smt Kanagam was the deputy head teacher of the school for the occasion.
The Periyar Library, where more than 400 books have been gifted, opened on 23.9.2019.
Students were given taste water.
Periyar's books were gifted as gifts to the teachers.
All the programmes being organised by Mr. Govindaswamy ji have been excellent.
It is noteworthy that the three schools featured descriptions of his work on Periyar.
Tamil leader Dr. K. Veeramani has been described in all programs regarding his continuous work in large numbers.
Left-wing coalition candidate Mani C. Kappan wins by-election in Kerala's Bal Assembly constituency.
Even though he broke away from the Congress and started his own party, KM Mani was a part of the Congress coalition.
In the history of Kerala politics, KM Mani has been a political leader who has never lost elections.
K.M. Mani, who was the Union Minister for various departments of Kerala, passed away last April due to ill health.
As a result, the election of Bala Legislative Assembly constituency was announced.
The election for this constituency was held on 23rd December.
Left-wing candidate Mani C. Kappan, Congress Alliance candidate Jos Tom Pulikunnell and BJP candidate Kottayam Hari were contesting the seat.
The votes cast in this election were counted this morning.
Left-wing candidate Mani C. Kappan won the election with 54,137 votes.
The Congress coalition candidate who ran against him had 51,194 votes.
Left-wing candidate Mani C. Kappan won by 2,943 votes.
As a BJP candidate, Kottayam Hari received 18,044 votes.
In 2016, the BJP received 24,821 votes in the same constituency.
The BJP lost 6,000 votes in the current by-election.
The Congress coalition dominated the Bala constituency for the last 54 years.
Now the Left Wing has ended this dominance.
Due to low pressure in the sea area in the south-west direction of the country, heavy rain is likely to fall in areas from Batticaloa to Matara in general.
The coastal areas off the coast from Kankesanthurai to Trincomalee to Batticaloa are likely to receive rain or thunderstorms with muddy crowds.
Other coastal areas surrounding the country are likely to see rain or thunderstorms during the evening or at night.
The coastal areas surrounding the country will see winds gusting in a southwesterly direction and wind speeds of 10 to 30 kilometres per hour.
During thunderstorms, wind speeds in these areas can temporarily increase from 70 to 80 kmph.
The Department of Atmospheric Sciences (DAS) said in a weather report released today by the Department of Atmospheric Sciences (DAS) that the sea will be temporarily turbulent on such occasions.
Prime Minister Modi urged India to become a member of the Nuclear Supplier Countries Group at a meeting in New York City, USA.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, is on a seven-day official visit to the United States.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will address the annual General Council meeting at the UN tomorrow.
For this, he has been attending various events and meeting world leaders.
As part of that, he met President Trump at a Howdy Modi event in Houston, USA.
The two leaders discussed various issues of friendship, industry, trade, security, global issues, and Kashmir, among others.
Following this, several CEOs of American companies attended the Bloombok Global Industry Forum in New York City yesterday.
Prime Minister Modi said: -
Making fuel using nuclear energy is still a challenge for India today.
This is because India is not a member of the Nuclear Supplier Countries Group.
If India gets that opportunity, it will set an example for the world.
Prime Minister Modi spoke on the occasion.
The Nuclear Supply Group controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
India continues to take several steps as a member of this group.
While the United States and other countries supported India's visit, China opposed India's failure to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Last March, however, six US companies announced that they would build nuclear power reactors in India.
People have been spotted near the school.
Electricity workers pit Kokkarayanpet near Pallipalayam in Namakkal district to plant electricity pole the day before yesterday (26th September).
There was something wrong with it.
As soon as they realized it was too late for the first time, they knew it was too late.
There were bones found inside.
The informed revenue department went to the scene and collected the bones in the junction.
Speaking on the occasion, he said, "Kokkarayanpet is situated on the banks of the river.
Therefore, if the archaeologists investigate, they may discover more historical landmarks. "
The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), the top body for technical education, is working on refurbishment and upgradation of the curriculum for engineering education over a period of time.
The curriculum being designed by AICTE is being pursued by the Institutes of Higher Education in Engineering.
The curriculum for colleges affiliated with Anna University is being designed by the university administration.
In this context, the guidance issued by AICTE in June 2019 stated that students enrolled in engineering education this year should choose 3 out of 32 non-curricular subjects as an option and study in 3rd, 4th and 5th Chemister.
The list includes 32 subjects such as technical education, values and dharma, dharma and good lifestyle, photography, video and documentation.
As Anna University, colleges like College of Engineering Kindi, School of Architecture and Planning, Azhagappa College of Engineering, and Madras Institute of Technology, Chromepet, the students enrolled in the first year class of 4 colleges selected aspirational subjects by course.
PT students selected philosophy subjects in 12 subjects in total.
In the fifth unit of the philosophy lesson "Knowledge Energy," the Bhagwad Gita contains the teachings of Krishna to Arjuna to keep the mind under control.
In the meantime, there has been a bitter backlash in Tamilnadu when the Anna Dental Institute suddenly brought the Bhagwad Gita as a lesson.
This is against secularism and leaders, academics, student organizations and writers, including Dravidian Kazhagam President Teacher K. Veeramani, DMK President General M. K. Stalin and others, have protested against it.
In this context, it has been announced that a protest will be held on behalf of the DMK student team near Anna University on 1st October to protest against the sudden introduction of the Bhagwad Gita as a lesson by the Anna Dental Institute.
His mission is to embrace all people with equal status.
House Building Construction Culture Minister Sajid Premadasa has said that his aim is to embrace all people with equal status, regardless of race, religion or party affiliation.
During a media meeting in Colombo yesterday.
In this context, the Prime Minister said that a Democratic Declaration of Pride for the Motherland would be released soon.
There is no expectation of strengthening executive power.
He said no relatives worked in his ministry or the institutions belonging to it.
Minister Sajid Premadasa said that those involved in corruption fraud will not be included in the presidential election campaign or political journey.
The DMK leadership has landed 68 MLAs for the Vikravandi constituency by-election.
The by-election for the two constituencies of Vikravandi and Nanguneri will be held on 21st October.
DMK in Vikravandi and Congress in Nanguneri are competing against the AIADMK.
It is said that DMK leader Stalin has consulted with district secretary Ponmudi and drawn up a number of different possibilities.
The DMK leadership has appointed 100 MLAs out of which 68 MLAs have been appointed in charge of Vikravandi by-election.
Stalin has exempted only 32 MLAs from Southern Districts.
He has also requested that he stand with Congress in the Nanguneri constituency.
Vikravandi has been appointed Chairman of the Electoral Responsibility Committee (ERC) by Ponmudi and Jagatrakshakan MP as Secretary.
A Angaikanni, Salem Selvaganapti, A K S Vijayan and others have been appointed.
In addition, 10 MPs will be involved in the by-election.
During the elections held separately for the Vellore constituency after the Parliamentary elections, no MPs were involved in the DMK leadership elections.
Take care of them as you normally do, says Stalin.
Now they have been given asynment too.
A CBI check was carried out at the house of Kami Shanar, a former police officer in Bangalore.
A CBI check is being conducted at the home of a former police commissioner in Bengaluru regarding wiretapping of phones of political figures.
In Karnataka, the Bharatiya Janata government came to power after the collapse of the Kumaraswamy-led government.
Ediyurappa took over as prime minister.
Bhaskar Rao, who was appointed as Kami Shanar of the Bangalore city police, had an audio conversation with a party figure for the post of Kami Shanar and caused a stir.
Under Kumaraswamy's rule, Bharatiya Janata had complained that the phone had been tapped.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders have consistently complained that Siddaramaiah, who was the coordinator of the coalition government, his aides and some leaders of the secular Janata Dal Party (JDP), MLAs and top officials had been listening to a telephone conversation of 300 people.
They urged them to conduct an appropriate investigation and take action.
Moreover, senior Congress leaders like Mallikarjuna Kharge, Siddaramaiah, former Police Minister MP Patil and others urged them to investigate.
In explaining the matter, Kumaraswamy said that he had not eavesdropped on anyone's phone and the complaint was far from the truth and was ready for any investigation.
In Karnataka politics, the wiretapping issue sparked a storm.
Chief Minister Ediyurappa recommended a CBI investigation into the matter.
The CBI has filed a case and is conducting an investigation.
Today, CBI officers raided the house of former police Kami Shanar Alekumar in Bengaluru.
The test is being carried out on receipt of information related to wiretapping of phones of political figures by him in a penthouse.
Only after the test is complete will it be known whether the pendulum has been caught or not.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the United Nations General Assembly on behalf of India.
He lashed out against terrorism.
In his address, he reminded me of the land where people like India, Buddha, Vivekananda and Ganyan Park lived.
Speaking on the occasion, Modi said, Our country has delivered a message of peace to the world, not war.
And that is why we have always raised our voice against terrorism.
We warn the world not to fall into the grip of the monster of terrorism.
Three thousand years ago the best Pulavar Ganyan lived in India and in the ancient Tamil language of the world, he sang "Yadhum Oore, Yaavarum Keleer."
It means we own everything.
Everybody is our relative.
This is the uniqueness of India.
We do not see terrorism as just a challenge for India.
We see it as an act against the whole world and against humanity.
Therefore, the entire world must rally against terrorism.
125 years ago, the great spiritual guru Swami Vivekananda had given this message to the world during the World Conference of Religions in Chicago.
The message was: 'Harmony and peace is what is needed.
And there are no differences of opinion.
Today, on behalf of the world's largest democracy, I say the same.
Only 'harmony and peace' is our message to the world. "
In this context, Modi mentioned in his address.
Sajitha Premadasa is to stand as Ranil's United National Party candidate in the Sri Lankan presidential elections.
The Sri Lankan Presidential election is being held on November 16.
Gotabhaya Rajapakse is contesting the election as the candidate of Mahinda Rajapakse's Srilanka Podujana Peramuna.
Parties including the JVP have also announced candidates.
Confusion continued over who would be the candidate of Prime Minister Ranil's United National Party.
As for Ranil, it was said that he wanted to contest the Presidential election.
Similarly, it has been reported that President Maithripala Sirisena has also made efforts to become a public candidate.
He believes that if Ranil competes, he will be able to win Tamil votes.
Sirisena's calculation is that if Ranil is sent to jail without contesting, he can easily win.
But these two things have not been fulfilled.
At present, Sajitha Premadasa is the candidate in the United National Party.
Sajid is the son of former President Premadasa.
Sajid has risen to become the Presidential candidate by rallying his supporters and showing his strength.
Addressing a large public meeting in Kalutara and Madhugama Pradesh yesterday, Sajid said that I am not a Presidential candidate abiding by anyone's conditions.
He furiously told Ranila that he had self-respect.
Former minister and assembly member E. V. Velu said that Father Periyar's reservation in Tamil Nadu was at risk.
The birth anniversary of Father Periyar and Perari Gnar Anna was celebrated on Thursday in the Chetput Divya Educational Institute Forest.
Divya educational institutions were headed by Pa Selvarasan.
Former Minister E.V. Velu addressed the students gathering as a special guest:
Several monarchs, including Cheran, Chola, Pandian, Chalukyas and Krishna Deva Raya, did not ask women to study during At Chic.
But it was Periyar who worked to educate girls, raise their livelihoods and give them equal rights in property.
He is acting as a lawyer.
Along the way, DMK leader Kalaignar Rule had reservation for women, equal rights in property, balanced education and merit basis.
Father Periyar was the reason why these things happened.
Father Periyar's policy is now in jeopardy.
He said that while many doctors are being developed on merit basis through balanced education, today we are deceived in the name of NEET exams.
Other dignitaries present on the occasion included Senthil Kumar, Secretary, Educational Institute, Vice President, Praveen Kumar and Managing Counsellor, Bodhana Bira Veenkumar.
KV Sekaran, MLA for Polur constituency, Rajendran, Pandurangan, Chaval Poondi Sundaresan, Chetput and DMK City Secretary Murugan addressed the meeting.
The Chief Minister of Polytechnic College, Murugan expressed his gratitude.
The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation held several competitions for students during the World Tourism Day celebrations held at a Tamil Nadu hotel in Madurai.
The hotel's chefs prepared and exhibited 101 dishes together.
Millet food, Madurai regional food, a variety of sauces, hamburgers, collective fries, snacks and sweets were served.
Northern state and foreign food were also prepared.
From a typical hotel to five star hotels, all kinds of food will be available at a Tamilnadu hotel.
Inpact Protractors and Seek Foundation co-hosted a one-day job camp at Jerusalem College in Pallikaran, Chennai.
More than 26 banks and non-bank financial institutions participated.
More than 7000 youth and students participated.
Speaking on the occasion, Balaji, Executive Director, Inpact Protractors, said that it is a privilege that the participating banking institutions have said that around 1,500 of the youth have access to employment.
We organized this camp to benefit unemployed graduate youth and students.
He said otherwise, we have treated students or institutions for free without receiving any money.
He said that our aim is to continue running such a job camp at various places, and create an unemployed community.
The fifth phase of excavation is being carried out on behalf of the Archaeological Survey of Tamil Nadu at Keeladi in Sivaganga district near Madurai.
Starting from 13th June last year, the project was supposed to be completed on 30th September and now they have 15 extra days to explore.
In this context, archaeologists and students from various places in Tamil Nadu are visiting Keeladi.
Minister Mafa Pandiarajan has said that the museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains below.
Initially, he had announced that 1 crore rupees would be used for music.
The United States has urged India to take swift action to ease restrictions on Jammu and Kashmir and release all detainees.
US Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs Alice Wells spoke at the 74th meeting of the United Nations:
It is a concern that a large number of people are being held in the Jammu and Kashmir valley.
The government of India should start political activities in the state.
Elections should be held as quickly as already promised.
We need to relax the restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and release the detainees.
This is how Alice Wells urged the Government of India to take steps faster.
Earlier, it was reported that US President Donald Trump wanted to mediate on the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
This was met with strong opposition from the Indian side.
The United States later withdrew its opinion.
Prime Minister Modi subsequently visited the United States for the UN General Assembly.
First, Modi and Donald Trump attended the Howdy Modi event in Houston.
They later participated in various events together.
Trump had paid tribute to India's father as Prime Minister Modi.
In this context, the United States has now put pressure on India over Kashmir.
AIADI Council has decided to increase fees by 10 times across all Indian Institutes of Technology.
Ayidi Institute of Technology (AITI) is playing an important role in the development of talented students across India.
Union Minister for Human Resource Development, Shri Ramesh Pokhriyal chaired a meeting of AIDI Council of Directors of 23 AIDI Institutes under Department of Human Resource Development (DHRD), Government of India on 28.9.2019.
The decision taken at that meeting has shocked the students and the general public.
The decision has been taken to increase tuition fees by 10 times at AIDI institutions.
Tuition is being collected in all Aids in India from Rs 20,000 to Rs 50,000 for Semester.
At this stage, the fee has been increased to Rs. 2 lakh per annum.
9,280 students are eligible for scholarship out of 12 Ayi Ram students in the first year of academic year 2019-2020 and it has also been decided to end the monthly scholarship of 12,400 rupees given to MT students.
The Central Government will reduce the funds provided by AIDS to Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, Kharagpur, Kanpur, Rurgi and Guwahati.
The Central Government has increased the fee to collect the funds from the students in order to meet the reduction in funds.
Moreover, the Ministry is advised that the respective companies have been instructed to carry out development work keeping the proceeds from the construction work that can be done by the respective technical institutions, to borrow money in the bank and to receive payments from corporate entities.
Since coming to power the BJP has been preventing education from reaching the common man as much as possible, reducing the funding for primary education in the 2015 budget, followed by drastically reducing the funding for education during each budget.
Subsequently, employers continued to approve the establishment of educational institutions to provide more facilities to private educational institutions.
In this context, the new education policy has imposed a number of provisions requiring educational institutions to operate in the finances of private institutions without giving any significance to government educational institutions.
This has enabled the Central Government to push the well-off from basic education to higher education and take India's prosperous future back centuries as an illiterate country.
Former IAS officer Karpoora Sundarapandian received the book 'Cartoon Art' written by Ranu and published by Kalaimagal magazine editor Keelampur Sankara Subramaniam.
The book release function of the late 'Cartoonist' Ranu by S K Ramanujam was held at the Russian Cultural Centre in Chennai on Sunday.
The ceremony was presided over by P. Thangappan, Secretary, India-Russia Business Corporation.
On the occasion, Kalaimagal magazine editor Keelampur Sankara Subramaniam released the first book and was accepted by R. Karpoora Sundara Pandian, a former IAS officer and head of the Siddhar Research Center.
Karpoora Sundarapandian, who was a special guest at the event, said:
Ramanujam, the late cartoonist Ranu, was one of the most prolific cartoon painters.
Ranu has produced a number of students through the Cartoon Research and Education Foundation.
In general, even someone who is celebrated by the world is not celebrated by the family.
Cartoonist Ranu, on the other hand, is credited with bringing out the book he has written since his death and the family themselves.
Even if Ranu passed away, he would have lived through his work and through this book for a long time.
S.K. Ramanujam was a prominent Indian cartoonist when he spoke to Sankara Subramaniam in Keelampur.
He travelled around the world, offering satirical training.
He became an innovative artist in the making of cartoons.
Not only was Ranu an expert in painting, he was also an expert in cartoonist and animation.
For the past 30 years, he has conducted a cartoon art study in keeping with the Indian environment.
He said he would live through his students and through his writings and cartoons for a long time.
R. Boopathy, Co-ordinator of the Ranu Cartoon Research and Education Foundation, thanked the gathering.
Nallathambi, TV executive C Pereira and others participated.
The DMK has asked Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy how many barricades have been built during the last 8 years of AIADMK rule.
In a statement, the party's treasurer Duraimurugan criticised the Chief Minister for not knowing any details about the public works sector.
DMK treasurer Duraimurugan said in a statement that the water being opened in Cauvery is being mixed in waste due to the indifference of the ADMK government and lack of administrative competence.
Our chairman MK Stalin had expressed his concern that the ADMK government had no concrete plans to store it on the way through Cauvery and that it was the opposition leader of the Tamilnadu Assembly.
Thinking of replying to the Chief Minister, Edappadi Palanisamy said, "Did the DMK who blame us, have they built at least a barricade in Cauvery under their rule?"
"I would like to inform him that under the DMK regime, we have built a barricade at Mayanur in Cauvery under the Kazhagam regime.
Without even knowing the details, can the Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy, who has put the public services department in charge, speak out of the truth?
With that barrier built in Mayanur, the water resources of the earth increased in that area.
That's why farming flourished.
Therefore, thousands of farmers of that region who still benefit today can always be seen thanking the Kazhagam government.
During that period, the barricade was built in Mayanur by the Kazhagam government.
At that time, there was no need to build more barricades.
If necessary, the then Chief Minister Kalaignar ji would have given permission immediately, allocated funds and stepped up the work.
Therefore, in maintaining the well-being of Cauvery, there is nothing close to Edapadi blaming the Kazhagam government.
I ask, how many barricades have you built in Cauvery in the last eight years of the ADMK government?
Another question: We have built more than 40 dams in Tamil Nadu during the DMK era.
Can you pinpoint a single dam as the dam built in the ADMK regimes that has happened so far?
Don't lie.
If there is a response to the allegation made by the leader of the opposition, please tell us with the evidence that we are building or planning to build barricades in these places if there is a response.
Thereafter, I am obliged to point out that under the DMK regime, talking outside the truth that the barricade itself has not been built in Cauvery, it may be beautiful if you want personal editing, it is not a civilised act or beautiful act for the Chief Minister position he holds, "Duraimurugan said.
State Bank of India has decided to fix interest on a repo basis from 1st October.
Given the economic growth of the country, the Reserve Bank has so far reduced the short term loan interest (repo) by 1.1 per cent in four consecutive instalments.
But there is a criticism that the banks are not even giving customers half the benefit.
Now the banks are fixing interest in the MCLR system.
Since 1st October, the Reserve Bank has directed the implementation of interest rate settings based on the Treasury Bill and Repo interest rate issued by the Government for short term loans.
Accordingly, State Bank of India (SBI) has announced that it has decided to fix housing, auto loans and MSME loans by measuring the MCLR rate from 1st October.
The Ceylon Administrative Services Association has decided to suspend its industrial activities.
Association President Prabhad Chandrakirti has said that the decision has been taken due to take place in tomorrow's discussion with the Cabinet Working Group and taking charge of applications for Presidential Election Postal Voting.
In this context, he expressed confidence that administrative services, including the Department of Registration, Immigration, Department of Residential Education, Department of Motor Vehicle Commissioner, etc., would be routine.
Pradhan Chandrakirti further said that the Government Administrative Services Association expects to have a positive outcome in terms of their pay dispute at tomorrow's meeting with the Cabinet sub-committee and upcoming Cabinet meeting on Tuesday.
Today is the cricket match between the Pakistani teams.
The first match of the ODI series between Sri Lankan and Pakistani cricket teams starts today in Karachi.
The match is scheduled to start at 3.30pm Sri Lankan time.
Both teams have been together for over a decade in Pakistan.
Sri Lankan team manager Ashantha Timel has said that he is satisfied with the security contact provided to the Sri Lankan team in Pakistan.
He said that the security or equivalent of a head of state has been provided to the Sri Lankan cricket team.
There will be three one-day international matches between the Sri Lankan team and Pakistan teams and three T20 matches will be held.
Michalkavub and Yovilson have been appointed as referees in the one-day tournament series by the International Cricket Forum.
There was a technical glitch in the aircraft taking off from Malaysia and when it went on the runway it was detected.
With the aircraft stopped, 174 passengers survived.
Malindo flights from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur return daily at 10.35pm.
It then leaves Trichy for Kuala Lumpur at 11.25pm.
As usual, the plane arrived in Trichy the night before yesterday.
The plane was then flown to Kuala Lumpur from Trichy with passengers.
There were 174 passengers on board.
While on the runway, the pilot diagnosed a technical glitch in the aircraft's electrical system.
This stopped the aircraft from running.
The aircraft was then brought to a departure point at the airport.
Engineers were involved in correcting the technical glitch.
As a result, the passengers were on the plane for two hours.
But because the technical glitch could not be corrected, all the passengers were discharged from the aircraft.
As a result, 138 passengers were accommodated in the hotel.
Other passengers changed their flight dates and returned to their homes despite cancelling flight tickets.
If the plane had taken off with a technical fault in this incident, it could have caused a plane crash.
But when the pilot diagnosed the technical glitch at the right time, the aircraft did not take off.
It is estimated that 174 passengers survived.
The technical glitch in that aircraft has been corrected.
The aircraft, carrying 138 passengers, took off from Kuala Lumpur at around 5pm yesterday.
The Indian Department of Health has said that more than 5 thousand people have been affected so far across the country due to dengue being transmitted by ADS strains in India.
More than 1000 people have been affected by dengue fever in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry till now.
Dengue fever is spreading rapidly in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
An Indian media reported that a 12-year-old girl in Chennai and a student in Krishnagiri died the day before yesterday.
135 people have been admitted to Chennai government hospitals and are being treated.
It has been raining in various places in Tamilnadu over the last few days.
Subsequently, special teams have been set up across Tamil Nadu on behalf of Municipal Administration and Department of Health to monitor dengue fever activity.
The Department of Health has also advised dengue victims to receive treatment in government hospitals.
Extension of Aadhaar link with PAN till 31st December
The time for linking Aadhaar with Permanent Income Tax Account Number (PAN) has been extended till 31st December.
This is the seventh time that the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has extended the time for Pan-Aadhaar connectivity.
The Union Government had earlier extended this period from 31st March to 30th September, 2018 for six months.
This extension has now been extended for another three months.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its 12-digit identification number, Aadhaar number, to every citizen of India.
The Income Tax Department provides a number and written identification number to the individual paying income tax and the company in the 10 digits of Permanent Income Tax Account (PAN).
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) had notified on 1st July 2017 that the Aadhaar number should be linked to the Income Tax Number.
Thereafter, the time for Aadhaar-Pan connectivity was extended several times.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court heard the case against issuing Aadhaar cards to citizens and ruled in September last year that the Aadhaar scheme would go according to the law.
The Supreme Court also ruled that the Aadhaar number is mandatory for payment of income tax.
Meanwhile, it was announced in the Central General Budget on 5th July that if Aadhaar number is mentioned instead of PAN number when filing income tax returns, it is sufficient.
DMK President MK Stalin visited the Keeladi excavation sites where Vaigai Karai has showcased Tamil culture in person today.
The life of Sangam literature tells the story of a Tamil man who lived his life in blood and flesh; the excavation results revealed that it was not fiction.
The city civilization on the banks of the River Ganga in the north began in the 6th century BC.
But the Tamils lived peak city life in the 6th century BC on the banks of the River Vaigai to the south, and underground excavation evidence has scientifically demonstrated that Tamils lived a rich life as the best of literate knowledge.
The results of the excavation have created a rewriting of the history of the Indian subcontinent.
A large number of people visit the Keeladi excavation site which is a matter of pride for every Tamil person.
Recently, Seeman Keeladi, the chief coordinator of the Tamil Party, visited the excavation site.
He was followed today by DMK President MK Stalin, who visited the archaeological sites.
He was accompanied by several prominent executives of CBM MP Su Venkatesan and DMK.
In this regard, Stalin has uploaded a video of himself on his Twitter page titled "Visiting the Underground that made the world aware of Tamil civilization more than 2600 years ago."
Trump requested an investigation from the President of Ukraine!
The White House has confirmed that it is true that Donald Trump telephoned the Ukrainian President to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden, a potential presidential candidate for the Democratic nomination.
A Democratic disqualification resolution has been proposed against Trump in the House of Representatives, calling it a misdemeanor attempt to pressure others to investigate the U.S. leader.
In this regard, six committees have been constituted under the direction of Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy and an inquiry has been launched into the President's conduct.
Trump has telephoned Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on July 25, so please investigate, "Trump said at the time.
The White House yesterday officially released what the Presidents of both countries have said.
Therefore, it is acknowledged that this conversation is true.
Speaking to reporters outside the United Nations meeting at the same time, Donald Trump said the request was made in a friendly manner.
He said no pressure had been applied to the Ukrainian President.
One thing to note, however, is that the US government abruptly suspended nearly $400 million worth of financial aid to Ukraine.
Then a few months later, the funds were allocated.
The Democrats are tying the knot with this idea that Trump spoke to the President.
So the incident is starting to stir up a storm in American politics.
Joe Biden, son, Hunter, was appointed as a Tariff Board member of Burisma Holdings, Ukraine, in April 2014.
The company was involved in natural gas extraction activities in the Russian-annexed Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea.
The investigating officer investigating the abuse complaint against Burisma Holdings has been dismissed.
The Republican Party is accusing Joe Biden of having a hand in it.
But Hunter continues to deny accusations that he used his father for his business affairs.
In the presence of Sengottayan, the Schools Education Minister, a government official beating the press has caused a stir.
Minister Sengottayan inaugurated the drinking water projects at Thookkanayakanpalayam near Gopi in Erode district.
When reporters were taking pictures of him, Assistant Secretary Muthulingam of the Tamil Nadu Drinking Water Drainage Board was standing there trying to disrupt them.
So, journalists have raised their voices saying sir, sir, stay away a little bit.
He said, "Who are you pushing, what a great Ivana are you?" and slammed the reporters who asked him to push him.
Knowing that he was drinking alcohol, Minister Sengottayan ordered him to be removed immediately.
The top officials then chased Muthulingam not to be present at the function and immediately released him.
However, more than 15 journalists blocked the roads demanding departmental action against Assistant Secretary Muthulingam.
Informed about this, Minister Sengottayan contacted the top officials of the Tamil Nadu Drinking Water Drainage Board in Erode district and asked them what courage they had to come to the government function after drinking alcohol.
He also requested that Muthulingam be suspended.
Minister Pandiarajan said that in the excavation of Phase 5, historical vestiges have been made to establish the global reputation of Keeladi.
K. Pandiarajan, Minister of Tamil Rule Language and Tamil Culture, in the presence of Jayakanthan, Khadi and Village Industries Board Minister G. Bhaskaran, told reporters:
Stage 5 of the excavation is a turning point in the study of contemporary history in Tamil Nadu.
At the bottom is a rich area from 6th century B.C. to 1st century B.C.
With the available evidence, urbanization along the banks of the Vaigai River is continuing in this study.
Scientific timelines in the excavation below have concluded that the period of Tamil-Brahmi is another 100 years old and the study shows that Tamil Nadu is a literate society in the 6th century BC.
In addition, samples of 70 bone fragments released from the study have been sent to Deccan College, a postdoctoral and research institute, for scientific analysis.
The fragments were classified according to the analysis and identified through fragments such as thimilkalai, buffalo, goat, wild boar, artisan and peacock.
Animals such as cow, buffalo and goats are used to support agriculture and animals such as kalaiman, bats and wild boar are used for feeding these animals due to cuttings in some of the lemon samples.
As a result of this analysis, the Sangam community took the lead in agriculture and animal husbandry.
Samples of bricks limestone-based roof shells and plaster of fireworks have been sent to Vellore University of Technology for analysis.
In each of these, minerals such as silicon, lime, iron, aluminium and magnesium are found in this study.
Work is underway to establish a museum in the main location at an estimated cost of Rs. 20 crore for the benefit of more Tamil scholars, students, students and the general public in the bottom area to protect such rare varieties.
In addition, the work on Phase 5 of the excavation will be extended by two weeks and continued.
Similarly, K Pandiarajan, Minister of Tamil Arabic Language and Tamil Culture, said that the State Government is working with the Central Government on the 6th phase of excavation at four locations next year.
Manamadurai Assembly member S Nagarajan, former Parliamentarian Senthilnathan, Assistant Director of Archaeology Jeevanandam, Kapoor Aasaithambi, Thiruppuvanam Vattachiyar Raja and other government officials were present on the occasion.
On behalf of the Andhra Club, on the occasion of World Adult Day, Asiana Subham Adult Residential Institute organized an elderly costume parade, dance and singing celebrations.
The 92-year-old grandmother danced to the song 'Aadubambe.'
Actress Ambika, singer LR Eswari and Poornima Kumar presented the prizes to the Ramanan couple who were chosen as the best old couple.
Events were organised by Virgo Events Purnima Kumar.
Industrialist Nalli Kuppusamy Chetty, actress Ambika and singer LR Eswari participated in the function and congratulated the winners of the competition.
15 grandmothers participated in the fashion show.
Haribria took first place.
Sureka, Radhika finished 2nd and 3rd.
Beautiful grandparents wore fashion clothes.
They reached first and second place in the standings.
Susan, Kala and Vanaja won best dance numbers.
The Ramanan couple took first place in the contest and the Srinivasan-Balambal couple finished second.
The families of the elderly participated and encouraged them.
92-year-old Lalitha danced to a dance number.
Virgo Events Purnima Kumar said that Old Men's Day should be celebrated like Ladies Day and Valentine's Day.
Labour Commissioner Muthumanikam attends International Labour Organisation meeting
The International Labour Organisation (ILO) is the only trilateral forum in the United Nations.
Labour laws in all countries are based on the traditions and recommendations of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) of the United Nations.
A review of such protocols and recommendations is being conducted at the ILO campus in Geneva, Switzerland till 27th December.
The meeting will consult, discuss and send all protocols and recommendations to the recommendations of the Governing Council.
Muthumanikam, Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner, Ministry of Labour and Employment, is representing the Government of India.
International trade unions, employers and governments from 187 countries are participating in the trilateral meeting.
The Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner said in a press release that this is the first time that a Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner has been sent to represent India for this type of work.
Actor Vijay's father and director SA Chandrasekhar arrived in Thoothukudi from Chennai today to attend a function in Nagerkoil in Kanyakumari district.
He was asked about Vijay's speech and the opposition expressed by ADMK.
In response, he said, Subhasri died in an accident when his banner fell while riding his bike on the road.
Everyone has been talking about this incident.
Vijay also talked about something that everyone is talking about.
Why hasn't the court itself arrested those involved in Subasri's case yet? '
At this point, Vijay said he did not know why the ministers and ADMK were against Vijay's remarks alone and asked him, "Is Vijay's stage speech a sign of entering politics?"
"I don't know anything like that.
Go ahead, go ahead in a hurry, "he said.
Deputy Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam today inspected the Tamil Nadu Cottage Transfer Board residences of Raja Annamalaipuram and Vallieswaran Temple Gardens in Chennai and heard the grievances of the public.
The 488 residences built in 1979-80 were extremely dilapidated.
The Deputy Chief Minister assured the residents that work will soon be started and new habitations will be completed, following the request of the residents to demolish old settlements and build new settlements.
The Deputy Chief Minister said that at a project cost of Rs 67.89 crore, old flats covering 200 square feet will be demolished and new flats covering 400 square feet, one bedroom, one reception room, one kitchen, one bathroom and one toilet will be constructed soon under the Housing for All scheme.
He said that while the contract points for the project have been finalized, the existing habitats will soon be demolished and the construction of new residences will be expedited.
The Deputy Chief Minister has directed the officers of Slum Transfer Board (STB) and Municipal Corporation of Chennai to maintain the area clean and sanitary till then.
O. Panneerselvam said that 6 lakh houses have been constructed so far for the homeless poor and everyone will be given houses by 2023.
Ravi MLA and officials went.
On behalf of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation, there is a Karnataka music competition for young artistes.
As a preview of the annual Indira Sivasailam Foundation Music Concert at Madras Music Academy, the Indira Sivasailam Foundation conducted the Anvesha Quest for the Best competition in the 7th year.
Introduced in 2018, the "Anvesha Bala Vidhwan" competition provides a platform for emerging musicians to showcase their talents in Karnataka music in front of eminent musicians from The Music Academy Advanced School of Karnataka and the Indira Sivasailam Foundation Medal recipients.
The participants of the Anvesha Balavidwan contest were asked to upload their talents and performances in Karnataka music in the form of a video on the Facebook page of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation.
This year, nearly 100 competitors, including a handful of participants from Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and USA, Middle East participated in the competition.
The jury includes Professor Rita Rajan, Dr. R.S. Jayalakshmi, Faculty members from The Music Academy Advanced School of Carnatic Music and Dr. Bandla Rama, who will receive this year's Indira Sivasailam Foundation Medal.
This year, in addition to the flute and violin categories for artists aged 10-15, a competition was also introduced for artists aged 16-20.
The participants in all three categories showcased their excellent skills in the programme.
The winners of the Anvesha 2019 contest are as follows:
Swathika, Dhruv S. Pathanki and Kamakshi Ambadhipudhi and Abrameya Seshadri have also won the instrumental category.
RD Siam Raghav has won the gag orchestra category for artists aged 16 to 20.
Anvesha Jury members Dr. Bandla Rama, Professor Rita Rajan, Dr. R.S. Jayalakshmi and Sunita Subramanian of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation presented the awards to the winners.
Visitors and participants who attended the event appreciated the efforts of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation, which has maintained and preserved the Karnataka Sangeet in art form among emerging artists.
The Billgates Foundation award is given to an Indian girl who has fought against child marriage.
A 17-year-old girl from Rajasthan has been awarded the Change Maker award on behalf of the Billgates Foundation for fighting child marriage and child labour systems.
Girl Payal Jhangit (17) from Hinsla village, 100 km from Jaipur, Rajasthan.
He actively campaigned against the system of child marriage and child labour in his village.
He also carried out this campaign in some villages near his village.
As a result, many child marriages were prevented in those areas.
In honor of this act by Boyle, he was awarded an award on behalf of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
The awards ceremony took place on Tuesday night in New York City, USA.
Boyal Jankit accepted the 'Change Maker' award from Deputy General Secretary Amina J. Mohammed.
After receiving the award, Payal said, "We had many problems in our village.
Especially the girls will not be forced to send them out to study.
They get married at a young age.
The family decided to marry me when I was younger too.
Then I approached a social worker and made peace with my father.
Thereafter, we held several rallies and protests against child marriage and demanded that children be sent to school.
We went to every house and made everyone aware of this.
Parents should give every child the opportunity to raise his or her life, "he said.
An amnesty period of two months has been announced again in Jordan.
The Foreign Employment Bureau (FEB) has announced that the amnesty period beginning on 22nd September will be effective till 29th November.
Foreign workers who travel to Jordan with a professional visa and are staying visa-free beyond schedule will be able to return to the country without paying any penalty during this amnesty period.
However, the Embassy of Jordan has said that foreigners who are staying illegally after the expiration of their visa period on a tourist visa will be able to leave after paying their penalty.
It is noteworthy that such a period of amnesty had been announced in Jordan last February for foreigners staying there illegally.
Does BJP take caste politics into its own hands in Tamilnadu?
Somehow in Tamilnadu, caste politics is supposed to be taken into the hands of the BJP if it is not possible to hammer and lotus flowers anywhere.
When Modi was the Prime Minister for the first time, there was a situation in Tamil Nadu where he had to watch Lotus hand in hand.
After this, for the second time, only during the MP elections, Amitsha said with conviction, "You don't know what to do. You have to blossom in Tamilnadu."
However, only five of the contested constituencies could attract soil.
Even though the whole country is cheering the BJP, there is a wave of protests in Tamilnadu.
This is above all the issues of Triple Talaq, Kashmir, Hindi imposition, one nation is one language.
Since everything has been combined, it is still visible in smoothness.
That is why the BJP leadership is so tight-lipped on the BJP executives in Tamil Nadu that even the state leadership cannot be appointed yet.
Even though this is on one hand, the BJP is planning to root the BJP in Tamilnadu somehow within the upcoming assembly elections.
It is understood that the BJP leadership has come to a virtual conclusion through direct field reports, intelligence reports etc.
Accordingly, whether AIADMK or DMK, there are two Dravidian parties that do not give enough importance to the people of Nadar, to the people of Vanniyar community and to the people of Devendra Kula farmer community.
It is said that the Dravidian parties are unhappy with this.
It is this witchcraft that the BJP has started trickling into action.
The Prime Minister said that in order to make the respective communities proud or important, he had decided to honour them with a post.
Tamilisai Soundarajan's appointment as the governor of Telangana is a similar one.
Similarly, it is said that the BJP government is giving importance to the high-ranking Nadars in ISRO.
It is true that if the BJP acts in such a manner to honour every race, it will bring pride and happiness to the people of the respective communities.
Moreover, something that is not respectful of any subject will only benefit the BJP in this caste politics.
At the same time, when Tamil Nadu is already in the midst of caste politics, it is not known whether these activities of BJP will become like pouring more oil into the burning fires.
If such a caste fire starts to burn, it is true that even the total of the lotus that is now blossoming in Tamilnadu will burn into the same fire.
Near Viluppuram, a wage labourer was murdered by an alcoholic asamy.
In a hostile encounter near Viluppuram Valavanur, a labourer was murdered after being slashed with a knife.
An assistant inspector who went to pick up the culprit was also nervous when he was hit with a knife.
Thanikairaj (28) is the son of a beggar from Kenkarampalayam colony near Valavanur near Vilupuram.
A wage labourer.
He is survived by his son Isaac (33).
They have been involved in frequent disputes and clashes over drinking in the area.
There are also cases against them at the Valavanur police station.
At this point, Iyanar has been doing blue water business and he regularly intimidates people by drinking alcohol at night and carrying a knife.
In this context, he had been drinking alcohol on Saturday evening and had been threatening people on the road in the Kengarambalayam colony by carrying a knife that was cutting beneath the water.
Iyanar went to Thanikairaj's house because of hostility and had a dispute with him in the house.
In the crash, Thanikairaj has been suddenly cut off by Ilaya Seev with a knife.
Thanikairaj died at the scene after falling into a blood flood.
After driving away people with a knife, Ayyanar wandered down the road.
Knowing the information, Valanur Assistant Police Inspector Manikantan and police rushed to the scene and tried to catch him.
Assistant Inspector Manikandan suffered a cut to his arm and was injured when he was struck by a knife.
He was immediately admitted to a private hospital and received treatment.
Following this, the police folded Ayyanar and took him to the police station.
Viluppuram TSP J. Shankar, Valavanur Police Inspector Nandagopal and police rushed to the scene of the murder and conducted an investigation.
Police security was put in place as the murder scene in Kengarampalayam, on the border with Pondicherry, caused fear.
As a result of this complaint, the Valavanur police registered a murder case, arrested Ayyanar and are conducting an intensive investigation.
A road safety camp and awareness rally was held on behalf of New Prince Shri Bhavani College of Arts and Sciences and Metropolitan Transport Police (Madibakkam Transport Police Cargo) next to Chennai.
M. Prabhakaran, Director of Sri Bhavani College of Arts and Sciences, New Prince, welcomed everyone.
Prime Minister V. Karunanidhi, Chief Minister V. Uma Devi, Deputy Chief Minister A. Mathiabayas Pacheli and others were present.
L. Naveen Prasad, Vice Chairman, New Prince Educational Groups, inaugurated the Road Safety Awareness Camp.
Madipakkam Traffic Police Inspector Sivasankaran was a special guest and flagged off the awareness rally and handed over a guideline on road safety regulations to the students.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the need for road rules should start with the students because the parents and the society believe in them.
Young people are the most affected by road accidents and such awareness programmes must be organised in schools and colleges to prevent this.
Everyone should abide by the traffic regulations in order not to impose penalties but to save your lives.
Students should wear mandatory helmets while driving in two-wheelers and should never use a mobile phone while driving.
Vehicles should be driven after properly learning the road regulations.
Motorists should cooperate adequately with the traffic constables.
If every college administration continues to monitor students following the rules of the road, it will save the precious lives of the students.
The future of the country is in the hands of the youth. Protecting such youth is an absolute responsibility of the traffic police and the public.
Assistant Inspector Ravikumar, Chief Constables Kandeepan, Srinivasan, Thyagarajan and others participated in the camp.
Today is the 42nd anniversary of the loss of life of Professor Senaka Vipilay.
Today is the 42nd anniversary of the loss of life of Professor Senaka Vipilay, a pioneer of the National Drug Policy.
He was sentenced to life in prison in Maryland.
He is the first professor of medicine in the country.
Professor Senaka Vipil was the first paedophile of the Faculty of Medicine at Peradeniya University.
He highlighted the issues related to pharmaceutical sales being promoted by several national companies in the country and came under several pressure from these vendors.
The loss to the government due to medicines imported to the country under different names is crores of rupees.
Therefore, he highlighted the need for National Drug Policy to the government.
He worked towards ensuring reasonable prices and high quality access to the 335 medicines required by patients.
Because of this activity, he has become a victim of multiple institutions.
The mystery of his death has not been revealed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, in his address to the United Nations today, did not utter a word on the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
The 74th session of the UN General Assembly is currently going on.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the gathering on behalf of India.
During his address, the Prime Minister called upon the world to unite against terrorism.
He recalled how the Tamil Pulavar Ganyan had sung a song and said, "Yadhum village is everyone's fun."
Modi expressed pride that India is making a major contribution towards solutions to the global warming problem, and that India's contribution to global warming is limited and the solution is high.
The Government of India is making a serious effort to make the country free of plastic.
He said that a massive health insurance scheme is being implemented in India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the world at the UN General Assembly in Tamil.
But nowhere in his address did he mention anything related to Jammu and Kashmir.
This is because the Union Government has firmly concluded that Jammu and Kashmir is an internal matter of India.
Political observers say that while Pakistan wants this to become a global issue, Modi has not spoken a word on Jammu and Kashmir only deliberately.
With this, the world has been given the message that Kashmir is India's internal affair.
2,993 tribes have passed the literacy examination in Kerala.
An 85-year-old woman has also been qualified.
According to the 2011 census, 93.91 percent of the population was literate in Kerala.
The government of Kerala is making efforts to make it 100 percent.
For this purpose, the State Literacy Commission was constituted.
The Commission is conducting literacy courses and examinations in every district.
Importantly, the Commission is making serious efforts to provide literacy to tribals, fishermen and displaced labourers.
In this context, the first literacy courses were conducted last February for people in the tribal heavily populated areas of Wayanad district and recently conducted examinations.
The test consisted of 100 marks; 30 marks for reading ability, 40 marks for writing ability and 30 marks for mathematical knowledge.
It is mandatory to obtain 30 marks for passing this exam.
The examination involved 3,090 tribes of Wayanad district.
The Literacy Commission said that out of these, 2,993 candidates have been selected.
Among them is an 85-year-old woman.
Director of School Education S. Kannappan has directed the distribution of textbooks and notebooks for second season to students in 27 Government and Government Assisted Schools on 3rd April.
In this context, he has sent a circular to all the District Principal Education Officers and District Education Officers on Wednesday:
Schools receiving government and government assistance have been given priceless notebooks to all districts through DNPL.
Similarly, second season priceless textbooks have been sent through the Tamil Nadu Textbook Society.
All District Principal Education Officers should distribute textbooks and notebooks to all Government and Government assisted schools in their district by 30th September.
He further said that all head teachers should be instructed to distribute priceless textbooks and notebooks for the second season on the first day of school after the quarterly holidays.
