Today is the day to know international information.
On this occasion, the Ministry of Media has declared the month of information.
It will take place on 15th of next month.
A number of programmes to promote the right to information will be implemented in this period.
In 2016, the law to know information will be measured in parliament.
This is a step forward to further strengthen democracy.
At present, this law is ranked fourth in the world.
The use of plastic products has been banned at BJP headquarters in Delhi.
There is a ban on single-use plastic products such as water bag.
India is now preparing for the next election.
The election will take place on 21st next month in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The results of the election are to be announced on 24th of the same month.
All parties are now actively preparing for this.
At this stage, an election committee meeting was held in Delhi on behalf of BJP.
Prime Minister Modi, BJP National Chairman Amit Shah and BJP National Secretary of State Jay P Nadda were involved in the consultation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, was previously involved in discussions with the BJP's election committee in March.
Later in his Independence Day address, he spoke to avoid plastic products.
He called for the prevention of single-use plastic products.
At this stage, plastic products that can be used once more in the BJP headquarters have been banned.
Most importantly, all water bottles have been abandoned.
Water bottles are also not used in the BJP rescue today.
In return, the people who come there are given water in Claus Jil.
The move is said to have been taken following Prime Minister Modi ’ s request.
Many of the Nets have praised the move and commented on it.
He is a Pakistani politician, Gulai Ismail.
He is a social activist who has been vocal against children's marriage, violence against women, men and oppression.
In some areas, including Khabar Bhatuwa and Baluchistan province, the tribal community released photos of Pakistani military harassment against ethnic women and girls on social websites with evidence of sexual harassment.
For this reason, the police are actively engaged in an attempt to register a ' treason case ' against Gullai and arrest him.
However, Gulai Ismail escaped from Pakistan with the help of friends and relatives and became asylum in the United States.
In this context, Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan addressed the United Nations Council in New York yesterday.
' There are no fighter organizations in Pakistan, so we all have to unite against terrorism, ' he said.
According to the Charger competition, police are investigating a multi-disciplinary incident.
Ramakrishnan is from the school area near Nagal district.
His son (27 years old).
He worked as a manager at a popular private mobile company.
Yesterday afternoon, Devindran put mobile phones in his house and saw it.
At that time, there was a sudden explosion of electricity on Devindran.
He died pathetic.
The police arrived at the scene and questioned the information.
Later, Devendra's body was sent to the Government Hospital for autopsy.
In this regard, a complaint was made at the school police station.
The police have filed a case against it.
The incident has caused a stir in the area.
The Supreme Court has made sure that it will not be able to give time a day after October 18 to present arguments in the Ayodhya case.
The Supreme Court is investigating appeals petitions against the decision made by the Allahabad High Court in the Ayodhya case.
The hearing has been held on a daily basis since 6th of last month at the Supreme Court.
The court has advised the arguments to be completed by October 18.
The case is being investigated by Chief Justice Ranjan Goi-led session.
At the beginning of last Monday, an additional hour is being investigated.
During yesterday's argument, Islamic organisations objected to a statement issued by the Archaeological Department in 2003.
Commenting on this, the judges said, " If there was an objection to the report of archaeology, you could have raised it to the Allahabad High Court.
You will get relief under the law there.
We will not allow it to be raised here, ' he said.
In this context, the Ayodhya case was re-heard today.
At the time, Islamic organizations said that if the Department of Archaeology objected to the report and wasted court time, we apologise.
Islamic organisations have not lost their right to question the archaeological report.
However, the judges said they would not be able to assess the evidence after being accepted by the court.
In the Ayodhya case, the judges again pointed out that the arguments should be completed by October 18, thereby referring to the duration of the completion of their arguments by Hindu and Muslim parties.
The judges said that they will not be able to put forward arguments after October 18, but will be better if they judge in four weeks in this case.
They said that due to holidays in October, only one lawyer will be allowed to present arguments on the part of Hindu organizations.
The Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Trivendra Singh, has said that even if there is an increase in the Toseja of the body, there will be nothing else.
About 4800 people have been diagnosed with dengue damage in Uttar Pradesh.
So far, 3000 people have been affected by Tongu and 1,100 in Hallawani.
There are also four of them, two of whom are dead.
According to the State Health Department report, up to September 17, eight people have died.
After this, he asked a journalist whether the infection had increased due to snakes in the state of Uttar Pradesh, saying, ' The patients affected by dengue are going to be unaware that they are going to be able to eat and rest at 650 milligrams.
The mysterious object exploded in the pooja room near Thiruvallur and caused a stir in the area.
He lived in the next area of Thiruvallur (45 years old).
He is not married.
It is known as Siddhium, Jooram and Yoga.
He was a member of Nangur, Chennai, where he bought an acre of land 15 years ago and lived alone.
He lived around the house.
At this stage last Saturday, Lawanya, a young man from bedtown in Chennai, arrived at Govinraj's house.
Last evening, Samar Govinraj was shooting at the pooja room at home.
At that time, there was a sudden explosion of Marma material.
There was a fire in Kovinraj's body.
He ran out of his house.
When Lawanya came out of the neighbourhood listening to the noise, Govinraj was shocked to see that the body was black.
Govinraj, who suffered heavy burns in the body, died pathetic at the scene.
When informed, the police rushed and sent Govinraj's body back to Thiruvallur Government Hospital for autopsy.
When Marma exploded, she was lucky to be in a room near Lawanya.
What is the object that exploded in the pooja room?
It is not known if there is a bomb.
The officers collected clues at the scene of the incident under the leadership of Deputy Police Suburban Harini.
They have sent it for inspection.
What is the object that exploded in the pooja room only after the end of it?
It is also scattered in the pooja room.
The police suspect that there is no possibility of a fire.
Govinraj has decided to conduct further investigation with the decision of physical testing.
There is also an investigation into the woman who stayed with him in this regard.
The mysterious object exploded in the pooja room and caused a stir in the area.
The police are investigating the case of Need Examination.
In this context, Uc Surya, who was arrested the day before yesterday, was questioned by his father Venkatesan at the Theni C office.
DD South Regional Supervisor Vijayakumar and Deputy Supervisor Harvin Jaghashkumar, Theni C C analyst Chitradevi investigated and filed an appropriate plea.
Later, when the medical examination ended, the Theni criminal justice judge took part at 8.15pm last night in front of Paneswaram.
The shooting of actor Sasikumar is... is it a desperate government hospital patients?
All the hospital patients were upset by this voice.
Many people saw fun, including night doctors, nurses and employees.
In investigating, it was discovered that actor Sasikumar was used as a shooting for the new film directed by Ponram.
The shooting of actor Sasikumar is said to have not been formally sanctioned by the hospital administration.
The public immediately hid the acids and went into argument with the crew.
The police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning.
But there were those who said the crew had gone from there.
We contacted the crew to explain the incident.
However, it was not possible to contact.
A statue of Natarajan rescued from Australia was put in stone yesterday.
In Thirunelveli district, there is a temple of heroine Samathi Kuchikar.
In this ancient temple, 50 statues of Natarajan, two and a half feet tall, Shikami Ambal, student reader and Srivannaratarataran were stolen in 1982.
It was discovered that these statues were in the Australian Museum.
The statue was recovered and brought to Tamil Nadu in an effort by a special officer headed by Golden Manigavel.
Following the court order of Kumbh, the stone was brought to stone yesterday morning.
The public welcomed wool in Kalaikuchi to the statue of the police vehicle.
Then the statue was placed in the temple.
Special Officer Golden Manigavel said: With this, we will soon find three other pieces, including the stolen Shikami Ambal.
Those involved in the incident will be arrested soon, he said.
In the case of Need Examination, three more medical students and their father are arrested and questioned by CPC police.
Dr. Venkatesan, who works at the Stanley Hospital in Chennai, has been arrested in connection with the matter of Need Examination.
Dr. Venkatesan was questioned yesterday as he continued to investigate them.
Meanwhile, CPC police were conducting a serious investigation into personnel change.
Three more students have been arrested today, while three medical students from Kanchipuram were trapped yesterday.
Three people, Abhirami, Praveen and Rahul, from Krishnagiri and Villantry Medical Colleges, have been arrested and questioned by CPC police today.
Six middlemen have been arrested in the matter.
The CPC is now said to have taken action on the basis of his testimony during his investigation to Ur Surya's father.
The CPC side has said that a number of shocking reports have continued to be reported on Need Examination.
President Maithalabala Sirisena said that the creation of graduates from universities on the road was a system of education that had withdrawn from science, technology and research sectors.
Therefore, the President said that it is important to make necessary fundamental changes in national education policies and introduce and implement new education systems of developed countries in the world.
The President said that yesterday (25) when he took part in the second phase of the exhibition at the National Stadium in Polonnaruwa.
The second phase of the Shiva Seena exhibition, which will take place in the ethics of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Research, will be held at the National Stadium from yesterday to 29 with knowledge, innovation and various happy events.
Speaking at the Anurana event, the President added that the progress of the world is through innovation in science and technology generated through research.
The President also explained the need for experts in this sector to focus on this era where there is a lot of cooperation in scientific, technical and research sectors to overcome the challenges faced by the people of our country due to climate change.
The President said that in the political sector, most of the scientific, technical and research sectors are not thinking about the country, but also the main challenge in the journey towards development as a country, which is a big problem for the country because the academics who receive free education have left the country alone.
The Shiva Seena exhibition, which is based under the theme ' A rich country with strong hands, ' is mainly divided into five categories such as industrial effort, trade union, new products, blue load unit and happiness.
In the field of technology, STEM has been organised to promote modern scientific, technical and scientific knowledge in key themes such as education, space technology, resurrection, robot technology, conscious technology, megalonx, new polymer, blue green technology, 5600 IOT.
More than 250000 innovations have been displayed in this country in the new production section of the Shiva Seena exhibition and the projects required to trade their products have been implemented.
The President visited the exhibition and interacted with the working group in a warm manner.
A number of officers, including Secretary of Science, Technology and Research, were present at the event.
The Tamara festival started with the flag at Muthuramman Temple.
The Tamara festival was celebrated every year at Muthuramman Temple near Thoothukudi district, Tharanpur.
After all, lakhs of devotees are gathering for the Tamara function in Kuwait after being held at Mysore Chamsev Amman Temple in India.
It is a unique part of the Muthuramman temple festival to wear various roles from the finger.
In this case, it is special to have 48 days of hard drive.
The Tamara festival started with the flag this morning for 2019.
The Tamara festival takes 10 days.
The main event of the Tamara festival is held on October 8.
On the night of his death, he will wake up on the coast of Kunduz.
More than 6 lakh devotees will visit Amman on the occasion of the festival.
When Muthuramman is blessed with wisdom, it is a great blessing to visit her and her along with her.
Ambulance Muthuramman is an implacable belief in the issue of mental illness, marriage and child abuse.
A total of 20 people died on Thursday in Indonesia.
In this context, the National Disaster Rehabilitation Organisation and rescue force of the country said:
At 8.45 a.m. on Thursday (local time), near Ambon Nagar, located in the islands, there was a powerful earthquake.
The earthquake was recorded as 6.5 units.
Many houses collapsed due to this situation, with landslides in various places.
In these cases, 20 people died.
They died in the rubble of construction and buried in landfall.
A woman of them lost and died when she went fast on two wheels towards a high part of fear that there could be a tsunami.
In addition, 100 people were injured as an earthquake, killing 2,000 people and being evacuated to safe areas, officials said.
4 lakh people live in Ambon and surrounding Adi have been affected by the earthquake.
After the earthquake, the city hospital broke down and the disease and others came out of Aang and immediately.
It has been reported that patients have been kept in it for a while.
Last year, 4,300 people were recalled due to an earthquake of 7.5 rickler size in Indonesia.
There has been an attempt to robbery in Kanchipuram Adil.
When he saw the police, a 3-member mysterious gang on a motorcycle fled.
There is a State Bank of India ATM in Kanchipuram.
At 3 am this morning, three mysterious people on a motorcycle stopped the truck before ATM and saw the camera at the ATM gate.
Then they came on the camera.
At the time, Kanchipuram Dhaka police inspector Bhaskar, Saab-Inspector Chelsea and police were coming to patrol that night.
When police heard Haran's voice, three people on the motorcycle took the truck fast and fled.
But Inspector Bhaskar drove them off for a while.
But he entered a market and escaped.
The police have filed a case in Kanchipuram Dhaka and are looking for mysterious people who have been trying to robbery in AI.
Since the police arrived at the patrol, lakhs of money in Adil escaped.
The Minister of State Chelsea Raju has said that Tamils should congratulate Prime Minister Modi for speaking about Tamil Nadu ’ s pride in the UN Council.
On the occasion of Minister of Cooperation Chelsea Rajeet, he will talk in mixed meetings and ease the tightening there.
He will also make his interview headlines, even if he meets reporters.
In this context, Prime Minister Modi spoke at the UN Council meeting in the United States, citing the late lines of ' No one is listening '.
In this context, Tamils should congratulate Prime Minister Modi for this and that is our duty.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has also expressed pride in Tamil Nadu among world leaders at the UN Council.
He flagged off new buses at Madurai Arbar bus station and told reporters this.
The interview of Minister Chelsea Rajeet has caused Bhajevar to scream.
In Tamil Nadu, the rule of law is under way and the example is the arrest of AIADMK former councillor Jayagopal responsible for the death of Subaji.
Whoever is wrong, he promised that the AIADMK government would not look at it without fun and that action would be taken without please Thatcher.
He was the Chief Justice of the Madras High Court.
A year after he was appointed Chief Justice, the Kolijum Committee recommended the Central Government to appoint a different Chief Justice to Chennai.
Accordingly, it was decided to appoint Dahill Ramani as Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court.
The judge refused to accept the transfer of the seat and requested Kolijian.
However, his request was rejected.
Following this, he gave a resignation letter.
At this point, a case was filed against the transfer of Dahill Ram.
In this context, the Union Government announced that the resignation letter was accepted by Dahill Ramani.
The case was dismissed.
In this context, a unit event was held on behalf of Chennai High Court lawyers Association for Dahill Ramani.
The demonstration took place on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance, which condemned the Hindu Front's violent attitude to the 28-year-old company attack and urged the police to take rapid action.
On the 5th of last day, more than 60 people entered the post-Hindu Front at Tiruppur Andipalam Road and attacked.
As a result, workers were attacked and company bodies were damaged.
The police have done some of this.
The demonstration was announced last 9 on behalf of the Tiruppur secular Progressive Alliance parties on behalf of industry, various political parties, operatives and the public.
A complaint was filed to the district regime and the Tiruppur municipal police commissioner.
At a consultation meeting behind it, a re-demonstration was announced on behalf of the secular Progressive Alliance on 17th December.
The police refused permission for the demonstration and, at 11 a.m. last 17, condemned the ' violent attitude of the Hindu Front ' at the Tiruppur municipal front and urged the police to take rapid action '.
The demonstration was led by Secretary General of the North District of Tiruppur.
All party executives, including CPI-M (M) member K Kamaraj, Secretary of State of Tiruppur district, Sae Muthukannan, Deputy Secretary of State of Tiruppur, V. Ravi, Congress Party-related Ramsamy, Madam Samat and others participated in the demonstration.
In the midst of the demonstration, police were not allowed to demonstrate.
The secular Progressive Alliance parties said at the time that on the last 5 of Tiruppur, the Hindu Front attacked the company and riots.
We formally asked permission to conduct a democratic song to protest the meeting, did not allow the police, so we filed a complaint with the regime and the police commissioner, and then the police refused permission to do so, and now there is a democratic demonstration in violation of the ban on the importance of the request.
Police have also arrested a few people in connection with the attack.
The police have also called for rapid measures to be taken in arrest of Hindu Front riders involved in the incident.
More than 500 women, particularly women, took part in the demonstration and turned away from police arrest those protesting in defiance of violence.
The sound slogans were raised in protest against the attack of the post-Hindu Front in Tiruppur and the religious-violence created by the Hindu Front in various forms.
It is not surreal if the editorial carried out by secular Progressive Alliance with democratic control created an awareness against violence among the people of Tiruppur!
A fine of Rs. 100 crore has been collected for those travelling in Rail Osi.
The railway police will file a case and fine the passenger without travel.
In this context, the number of passengers has increased without travel this year more than last year.
In the months from April to September 2018, 17.42 lakh cases have been registered and a total of Rs. 87.98 crore has been collected from them, with 1915 lakh cases registered from April to September in the current year and Rs. 100.29 crore in fines, according to the Central Railways.
The Chief Minister, Edpedi Palanisami, received greetings from the Chief Minister for his special work in medical service.
The Chief Minister, Edpudi Palanisami, was present at the Secretariat yesterday (26th), at the function in New Delhi on 6.9.2019 on behalf of the Ministry of Women and Child Development.
During the event, Minister of State for Social Welfare and Democratic Affairs, Dr. V. Saroja, Chief Secretary of State GK Shanmugam, Ministry of Social Welfare, Ministry of Social Welfare, Ministry of Social Welfare, Ministry of Social Welfare, Shri S. Madhadi, Social Welfare, Shri Narendra Modi and others were present.
" If I do, people will come forward to do it! " said Ramsing, speaking about this effort, " I was able to see frustration with people with various activities such as more vegetables, traffic congestion and environmental pollution.
While many people have filed a complaint, they do not feel that they think of an alternative or that the solution is on their own.
The right solution is that people will only follow what I believe in.
So I and my wife went 10 kms a week and bought vegetables.
As it continued for six months, it has now become a habit.
Now I am very satisfied with the heart, " he said.
' Many people said it was difficult to carry a lot of vegetables and recommended them to carry bamboo basket to fight the plastic threat.
But they laughed at it,
Therefore, I and my wife went to the market carrying bamboo basket.
I knew it would help in many ways.
Many young people do not have healthy health in these days.
I think they should start walking and control their food.
I believe deeply that the best solutions can be given to the new challenges in the modernized world.
If someone is dealing with Baramurya methods, a full health can be touched, " says Ram Singh.
heart disease, including heart attack on major factors for global casualties, is among the first in the world, heart surgeon G Red Fort said.
World Heart Day is being observed every year on September 29.
In front of this, the awareness programme on behalf of Dr. G S Hart Foundation was held on 27.2019 in Tharar, Chennai.
Apollo Hospital High Advisor and International heart care specialist G Red Fort headed the event.
The film director Sik Kumar, who participated as a special guest, accepted the pledge of heart guards-heart dogs, including doctors at the head of Sik Kumar.
After continuing to live healthy, Sik Kumar addressed the gathering.
The head of the hospital, Dr. A. Murathan, received.
Speaking on the occasion, medical expert G Cheung Kolavalu said:
There are heart diseases including heart attack at the top of key factors for global casualties.
In India, heart diseases are increasing.
Young people are also affected by marathon.
If we keep the body safe from awareness, heart disease can be prevented by 80 percent.
If we have heart diseases for mother, father, grandfather and grandmother, we can get heart diseases.
If we take the lifestyle right, we can prevent heart disease somewhat.
It is possible to predict who will have a heart attack in existing modern medicine.
If you see it at the beginning, you can prevent a heart attack.
Even if there is a heart attack, it can be cured quickly.
Thus, he said.
The Election Commission has reduced the probation period of the Chief Minister of Sikkim, convicted of corruption, from six years to one month.
As a result, the impasse in competing in the Tamang midterm election has been lifted.
The election of Sikkim Legislative Assembly was held with the Loxba election.
In this case, Sikkim Grandicherry Mora was successful.
The leader of the party, Premsing Tamang, took over as Chief Minister.
However, in 2016, the lower court sentenced Tamang to imprisonment in a corruption case.
Since the Supreme Court confirmed this, he was able to enjoy prison.
Since someone who experienced a prison sentence in the corruption case cannot contest the election for six years, the controversy erupted.
Tamang will compete in the assembly midterm election in Sikkim.
With BJP support, Tamang is governing in Sikkim.
In reference to various legal units, Tamang sent a letter to the Goary Election Commission to remove the six-year ban imposed on him to contest the elections.
In view of the letter, the Election Commission has announced that it will reduce the ban period to one month.
It is not possible to compete in the assembly elections.
The BJP will no longer start its politics in other states, including Tamil Nadu, using the privilege given to Tamang.
An election commission can also be released in full swing of Bhajji's will.
Government doctor Venkatesan Saisant has been the father of student Ur Surya in the case of Need Examination.
Joab, who has also acted as a middleman in personnel change, has been arrested in Kerala.
A student from Theni Government Medical College, Udi Surya, was found to have changed the NET exam.
Following this, police filed a case against Ududa Surya and his family.
But Ur Surya and his family fled and disappeared.
He had also filed a petition in the court.
In turn, Tamil Nadu police arrested Ur Surya, who was locked with the family.
The Ur Surya family was arrested with a roof and invited to the bee for several hours.
During the hearing, Dr. Venkatesan, the father of Ur Surya, acknowledged that he had changed his son to a doctor.
Following his confession to the police, everyone was taken to court and jailed.
The father of Ur Surya served as a government doctor at Stanley Hospital in Chennai.
Since he has now been arrested and jailed, the Tamil Nadu government has made Venkatesh.
He has also been arrested in Kerala on the basis of his confession.
He will be brought to Tamil Nadu for questioning.
In the case of Need Examination, the father of student Ur Surya, Chennai Stanley Government Hospital doctor Venkatesan Saisant has been released.
The CPC police were investigating the Need Examination Centre in Thiruvananthapuram today.
It is said that Joseph has been doing a massive personnel change fraud in the name of Need Training Centre.
This is why Dr. Venkatesan, Surya's father, has easily approached Joseph.
The CPC police are also examining documents at Joseph's training centre.
The elections will take place next month (October 21) for the vacant Nandithavi and Silvandi constituencies in Tamil Nadu.
The Congress has been awarded a coalition party in Silvandi constituency.
Last night, the General Secretary of the All India Congress and the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu announced the name of the Congress candidate to compete in the Mul Vasik Nandithavi constituency.
The head of Kanchipuram North District, Robbie Manoharan, has been announced as a candidate (60 years old).
Rubi Manoharan's home town is Marayapuram near Maratham in Kanyakumari district.
He served in the Air Force for 15 years and then runs a construction company in Chennai.
On the occasion of his 141st birth anniversary, 535 Malaysian government was given a written reform book gift to Tamil schools as a special event.
The book was introduced as a written reform of great people in Tamil schools.
The book will also be sent to 535 Tamil schools operating in Malaysia.
In the first phase, these books were sent to 150 Tamil schools operating in Bukang State and Silangpur.
More than 50 thousand authors are enrolled in these schools.
It is also noted that more than 7 thousand teachers are working.
This is the best opportunity to know the throat done by Periyar to Tamil language here.
Dr. Ki Veeramani addressed the function during the function.
During this event, Periyar was given a grand award.
The poet and former head teacher of Tamil school, Periyar, read poetry about the great man.
They were given the award of poet Shanmugam from Dangang.
There are revolutionary movements before and after Basu.
But there is just no appreciation that Basu and his friends have given revolutionary movements and Indian politics a new evolution and a clear ideology.
We can still see that there is an opinion among the people that revolutionaries are just fools and are not concerned about human lives.
The Passing period shows us their humanity and clear thinking and ability.
On April 29, 1929, after the legislative bombing event, the Passing name was spread in India.
In 1930, he was released to the public.
But within a single year, his reputation spread rapidly in all corners of Tamil Nadu.
This is the most surprising news in history and the name of any leader born in the North, including Gandhi, has not spread in Tamil Nadu in such a short time.
This is because of Father Periyar.
An editorial was published entitled Passing in the Republic weekly issue of Passing.
The editorial praised many of Passing's character interests and presented some views on the political situation of the day.
Some parts of the area are:
' In fact, we will say that if he has decided that he is the right religion to complete his policies and to fulfil it, he will certainly have to walk on and say that if he had not happened, he would not have been able to say that he would have been a man of Yoga.
Now we will tell him that he is a true man.
Our strong opinion is that India really needs to have a Passing Policy.
If Mr. Passing had not been executed and survived, this victory would not have been a source of such popularity.
And if we had not executed Basu, we would have said that there would still have been creativity and creativity.
It was more than his life to show the true equality and peace to the people of India.
When we say that there is no one else who can achieve it, we congratulate Bhathshak for his heart, mouth and hand! "
In an editorial, Father Periyar said.
In this context, the guard, tennis Turner, who was in custody at the school where the incident took place, has arrested the teenager for the reason why he had given up the teacher.
In particular, the little girl's hand has been tied to plastic tape and taken to the police car, the small police station, where a photo of the little girl standing up to the criminals is taken.
His fingerprints have also been taken.
He was then informed by the family of the little girl and handed over to his family.
It is not known if he took another child to the police station.
His grandmother, Giorland, who agreed to release the identity of little Kaya Roll, told the media that my granddaughter, who is suffering from the sleep problem of ' Slep Apenea, ' is in the cases due to the effects of eating drugs for it.
I was very shocked when he said he had been arrested for this, and it was difficult for any 6-year-old child to understand and explain this.
Due to rain floods in Uttar Pradesh, 73 people died in four days, and weather profit Red Alt has been issued in most districts of Eastern Uttar Pradesh.
Due to heavy rains over the past four days in Patna, Bihar capital, there has been flooding in many areas and rail and road traffic has been disrupted.
Due to heavy rains in Bihar states, a number of trains were cancelled this morning.
Yesterday, State and Chief Minister Nitish Kumar held a meeting of suggestions through video Canberra.
As of Tuesday, all schools have been ordered to close.
There has been heavy rains in Uttarakhand, Jammu Kashmir, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, where many people have died in rain-related incidents over the past few days.
In Uttar Pradesh, there was 3 percent more rain than normal on Friday.
The eastern part of the state has been badly affected.
Yesterday, there was 42.5 mm of rain in Prayagraj and 6.2 mi of rain in Varanasi.
This year, it is far more than average rainfall.
26 people died yesterday in various parts of Uttar Pradesh.
In the previous two days, 47 people died.
Due to heavy rains, Lucknow, Amazon, Harai and other districts have been surrounded by floods.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has directed callers and regional commissioners to take all necessary security and measures.
In the last two days, six people were killed by rain in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh.
Three students died in the collapse of the wall of the public school in Dabwara, Udaipur, Rajasthan.
Three people, including police Constable, died on Friday in Madhya Pradesh.
A kilometre from the scene, their bodies were found.
On 24th, a report on the condition of the World Atomic Energy Department was released.
The leader of the group who produced the report was Michael Scott.
According to the survey, the nuclear energy sector, which was 17.46 percent of the world's energy demand, fell by 10.15 percent in 2018.
This decline shows that the focus of the world is on renewable and long-term useful energy beyond nuclear energy.
The energy of nuclear energy has been increased globally, such as solar energy, wind power and hydroelectric energy.
Every year, various organizations will work together to release a report on the position of the World Atomic Energy Department.
According to a report released this year, the nuclear energy sector appears to have gone down all over the world.
The report notes that India ’ s nuclear energy sector is also in a very bad condition.
For effective implementation of Swachh Bharat Mission, Indian Prime Minister Modi was honoured by Pilates with the Global goalkeeper Award.
The Union Government chaired by Prime Minister Modi in India has announced and implemented the Swachh Bharat Mission.
In 2014, the project was introduced on 2nd-10-2014 on Mahatma Gandhi ’ s birth anniversary.
The scheme aims to build toilets in houses, build toys, solid waste management etc.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore toilets have been constructed across the country.
98 per cent of villages have been brought up with rural health care.
In appreciation of this scheme, it was announced that the International record award will be given to Modi on behalf of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation of the United States.
In this context, Prime Minister Modi has visited the United States today.
At a function between the UN Security Council meeting in New York today, World rich Bill Gates honoured the award to Modi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, said that Mahatma Gandhi ’ s clean dream is now fulfilled.
Modi said that he has fulfilled the Swachh Bharat Mission and submitted this award to crores of Indians who have transformed it into part of their daily life.
The WHO has said that 3 lakh people have been saved from various diseases due to Swachh Bharat Mission.
The Health Ministry has announced that there is a situation where listeners can spread due to current rains and flood conditions.
The Health Ministry has advised them to avoid unnecessary water.
The Health Ministry has said that the situation caused by heavy rains in many districts is not now reduced, but will work with public attention in this regard.
The children and old people have been affected by floods and have increased the amount of access to hospitals.
In order to focus more on health care, the main officer of the Ministry of Health, Doctor Hereh, has requested people affected by the health ministry.
The Ministry of Education has issued a media statement on the holiday leave of teachers.
The Ministry of Education has said in a statement that suggestions and recommendations have been carried out to resolve wage contradictions in the service of teachers and presidents.
The Ministry of Education has said that the lack of community access to service is a major injustice as teachers and presidents are prepared to implement the government's recommendation to increase wages of all employees, including teachers and presidents, from January to January next year.
It is the right of employees to engage in trade union activities.
Even though it has not been challenged, the ministry has said that it is not an acceptable act for a wise honour industry such as teacher presidents, who have been used as a source of disappointment for members, even after they are aware of the increase in wages that can be put in place.
As of 2015, the wages of teachers and presidents have been greatly increased by 106 percent, as well as the increase in wages by any government, the education minister's lawyer, Akviraj, said in parliament last July.
The Minister told parliament last June 7 that the Ministry of Education had submitted suggestions and recommendations on the pay conflict of teachers to the Committee on the common wage conflict within the state service.
The payment for presidents has been increased from 650 rupees to 6,500 rupees.
The work of promotion, which was delayed in 2015, has now been formally carried out.
The system has been prepared and implemented to obtain pension.
About 6,000 people were connected to the service, conducted by the President to restore President's service from politics and judge President's standards in that service.
The opportunity for training abroad for teachers and presidents to connect 25,000 people in teacher service was carried out in the last four and a half years.
These will be carried out as the aim of human resource development in education, the Ministry of Education added in a press release today.
The Chennai student complained that he would win the Need exam and study along with Theni Medical College.
Following this, the case was changed to C.
This was followed by his parents.
In this context, the police captured UdiSurya and his father Venkatesan and mother Kayalani in the mountains on the day before yesterday.
The Goa court has filed a charge against him on the basis of a complaint that he committed sexual violence by a member of Goa State Ba.
He was charged with rape of a 16-year-old woman.
Police filed a crime paper of 250 pages against him last year in North Goa District Court.
The trial begins on October 17.
He is a member of the Department of State.
He was 55 years old and was told of the rape incident in 2016, when he was 16 years old.
The woman alleged that she was violent with drugs and that her mother had sold her for Rs 50 lakh.
He was arrested last year in 2016 and is now on bail.
With the earthquake of yesterday evening at the centre of Pakistan, Bagh occupied Kashmir has suffered a lot of damage.
About 25 people have been killed there.
More than 400 people were injured.
Pakistan officials said that the 5.8 rickler-level earthquake took place yesterday evening, including women and children, killing at least 25 people, and 400 others, many of whom were seriously injured.
The US Geological Research Centre reported that the earthquake was located at a border divided by 22.3 km north of the Jelam River, Punjab and occupied Kashmir.
The earthquake was located at 10 km wide.
It was felt in most parts of Punjab.
However, Pakistan's chief meteorologist Mohamed Rios said, ' The worst impact is Kashmir's (occupation) Meerpur district '.
He said that because of the centre of the earthquake near Jelam River, it had caused disaster in Jadlan and Kari Sharif, hundreds of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure were damaged.
He said that 12 people died on their way to the headquarters hospital in Mirpur, while 13 died in different villages between Jadlan and Gari Sharif.
150 injured people are being treated at DHU Hospital.
Many were sent to Rawalpindi for treatment.
In rural areas, mobile phones, telephone service and electricity were cut off.
As a result, people were unable to provide information or help to those close to them.
In order to contest the Nazi midterm election, election Mannan Padjan has filed nominations with the election officer.
Padjan, Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalitha, Karunanidhi, Rajsekhar Reddy, from Veerakpur village near Matur, Salem district.
In the presidential election, he competed against Abdullah, BirdMukherjee, Ramnath Kovind and others.
He has spent Rs. 32 lakh in his own money alone for the deposit amount given during nominations in the election.
Don 't think he is the richest man for this.
In this context, he will contest the midterm election for the Nandithavi constituency and gave him the nomination yesterday.
He says that for the 206th time, his aim is not to win, but to put in Guinness.
He says that he has already participated in the Limka book and that he will stop competing in the election if he takes part in the Guinness book.
The election is owned by Mannan Padjan, who has won the highest number of elections in India.
Vikram is strongly on the ground of the land, and NASA released a photographic source.
The Vikram lander of the 28 Chandrayaan-2 spacecraft has taken over the land's southern polar area of Na.
The Chandrayaan-2 spacecraft sent by ISRO landed last 7th in the southern polar area of Vikram lander land.
But at the last minute, communication with it was cut off.
It was thought that when Vikram landed fast instead of landing as a lander in the ground of the land, it could have been damaged and communication had been cut off.
In this context, Naga's L.R.O.C. demonstration passed through the southern polar area of the land on 17th.
At the time, Simbu Lios, who landed Vikram Lean, has taken over the film in a very modern manner.
In considering these films, Vikram lander has been determined to land strongly on the ground.
This is why the landing has gone a little bit from where it has to be landed.
In this context, John Keller, deputy director of Naga's ERC project, said, " El R.O.C. Arder passed the Teenuwa area of the land last 17.
At the time, he sent pictures at a time of darkness.
In considering it, Vikram lander landed strongly on the ground.
However, Vikram has not been able to find an accurate place to land.
On 14th of next month, L.R.C. R Bitter will be able to cross the Teenuwa area again.
Since the light is good, Vikram has more opportunities to shoot Lear, " he said.
The ideology of Prime Minister Modi and President Trump is the same.
Modi is spreading to support US President Trump regardless of the economy.
Seetham Yechery has accused the federal theory of being questioned in the central BJP regime at a seminar in Puducherry.
The conference was held on behalf of the Marxist Communist Party on behalf of the Puducherry Company studio entitled State Rights and anti-people bills.
All India General Secretary of the Marxist Communist Party Seetham Yechery participated in the function.
Speaking at the seminar, he questioned the diversity of India, the propaganda of one nation, one culture, one election, one education system.
If you reject the anti-democratic position of the government, you can be arrested.
The amendment has been brought up.
He accused human rights violations of going to jail when he recorded Bhajagai and tweeted on the social website, and there is now an economic crisis in the country.
Because there is no power to buy people.
But the government has given 2 lakh crore rupees to rich employers.
He urged everyone to participate in the fight from 10th October to 16th October against this anti-people government.
He continued to say that the Prime Minister is spreading to Trump without worrying about the nation and not dealing with the economy.
When India came to spread an actor from Bangladesh, the Indian government blocked it.
But Modi has returned to the United States to become President.
Modi has confirmed that the ideology of both of them is the same.
The federal theory in the central BJP regime has been questioned.
He accused Sithurampuri of being destroyed by the commitments of the Constitution.
The conference was attended by Tamil secretary Balakkrishnan, Secretary of State of Puducherry Rajangam and leading leaders of the Marxist Communist Party.
The Minister for Agriculture, Rural Economic Affairs, Animal Development, Irrigation and Water Resources has said that compensation for all farmers who registered in the Agriculture Insurance Council will be paid within 2 weeks.
In this regard, the Agriculture Insurance Council has been advised.
Under this, 3,000 farmers who paid insurance payments to Ampara, Monaragala and Amihill areas will be compensated for the impact of production.
During a discussion at the Ministry of Rural Economic Affairs, the Minister mentioned these issues.
The election will take place tomorrow on 11th of next month.
Those who are unable to vote by post tomorrow will have an opportunity to vote by post on 4th next month, according to the head of the Election Dam, Mahinda Patriya.
This has been provided in the Galle District Elections Office.
To vote by post, the National Identity Card or Election Commission has to take the identity card allowed.
Two libraries, one Madam inaugurated on the birth anniversary of the Great Man in Malaysia.
Bang State, Mendap Garden:
In 1928, there were about 100 students in this school.
The Periyar Library was inaugurated by Govinwamy, President of the Garden executives (Saba) and Dravida Mission Staff in 17-9 -2019.
At this event, he led the school's principal Aasi Uma.
Members of the administrative board of the school were members of the parent teaching association, teachers and Periyar giant volunteers, Iman and Chinah.
Students were given water and fruit.
The books of the school were donated to teachers and students.
Bukranja Garden, Killen City:
About 160 students attend the Tamil school here.
It was built here by Periyar.
About 500 books were provided to the centre.
At the end of the day, Mallika Palaniyani led the principal of the school.
The friends of Periyar volunteers and Draviyar were present.
Students were given a drink.
The books of great teachers were donated.
Kodong Garden, Banking Nagar:
About 100 students and 15 teachers work at this Tamil school.
The event was led by Ms. Kanam, deputy principal of the school.
More than 400 books were donated and the Periyar library opened on 23.9.2019.
Students were given water.
The books of the great man were used as a gift to the teachers.
All the above programmes were done well in their arrangement.
It is worth noting that the three schools received text speeches about his work on the great man.
It was noted that Tamil leader Dr. Kigamani was constantly briefed on great work.
In Kerala's Pala Legislative Assembly election, Left Front candidate Mani C Karan won the election.
K M. Mani was part of the Congress coalition even though the separate party started separated from Congress.
K M. Mani was a political leader who embraced the election in Kerala's political history.
K M. Mani, Minister of State of Kerala, died last April due to health problems.
As a result, the election was announced.
The election was held on 23rd.
In this case, the Left Party candidate, Mani C Karan, Congress coalition candidate Joze Dom Pulliel and Kotham Harry were competing as a BJP candidate.
In this case, the vote was counted this morning.
In this case, he won 54,137 votes.
He had 51,194 votes against him.
The Left candidate, Mani C, won 2,943 votes.
He won 18,044 votes.
In the last 2016 election, BJP received 24,821 votes in the same constituency.
In the current midterm election, BJP lost 6,000 votes.
For the past 54 years, the Congress coalition had dominated the Pala constituency.
Now the left has ended this dominance.
Due to the slowdown in the sea area in the southwest of the country, heavy rains will occur in sea areas up to Matara through the beginning of Batticaloa in public.
There will be rain or heavy rains with the crowd in sea areas beyond the coast of Batticaloa from Congo to Trincomalee.
There may be rain or rain in other waters around the country during the evening or at night.
The wind will reach the southwest of the waters surrounding the country and the speed of the wind will be predicted from 10 to 30 km per hour.
As a result of heavy rainfall, the speed of wind in these areas can be increased from 70 to 80 kg.
In such cases, the meteorological department noted that the sea would temporarily be found with cowardice, according to the weather related to the sea area released today.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today urged India to be included as a member of the Nuclear Supplies Committee in New York City.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has visited the United States for seven days.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will address a annual public meeting at the UN tomorrow.
He has participated in various events and met with world leaders.
As part of that, US President Trump met with President Trump at the Hawadi Modi event in Houston in the United States.
The leaders of both countries discussed various issues including friendship, industry, trade, security, global issues, Kashmir affair, etc.
Following this, several CEOs of US companies joined the Blue World Assembly meeting yesterday in New York City.
Speaking on the occasion, Prime Minister Modi said:
It is also a challenge for India today to use nuclear energy to produce fuel.
This is because India is not a member of the Nuclear Supplies Committee.
If India gets that opportunity, it will be exemplary for the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke.
The Nuclear Supplies Committee controls most of the world's nuclear trade.
India continues to take several steps as a member of this group.
While the US and other countries supported India's visit, China opposed India's signing of the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty.
However, in March, six US companies announced that they would build nuclear power reactors in India.
Senior people have been found near the school.
On the day before yesterday (Seb, 26), a group of electrician employees broke down to get the battery in the afternoon near the school in Nagal district.
One of them was found.
When he saw it, he knew it was old people.
There were bones inside.
The information revenue people went to the scene and collected the bones in the lower area.
He said, " There is a lot to be done in this area.
Therefore, if archaeologists study, they can find more historical symbols, " he said.
The All India Institute of Technology (AI), the top organization for technical education for engineering education, is working on renewal and development in the period of time.
The higher education institutions for engineering education are following the curriculum for design of AI.
The university administration is shaping the curriculum for colleges associated with Anna University.
In June 2019, he had said that students from engineering education should be selected as a favourite of three courses in 32 courses that did not have a curriculum for students in engineering education this year and study third, 4th, 5th, 5th.
There are 32 lessons in society such as technical education, values and charity, charity and better lifestyle, shade, video and documentation.
As Anna University, colleges such as Calge of Injinig Kandi, Squad of Arderson Anant Blanking, Giorg of Azhagara Galage and Metris Institute of Technology in Croatia selected courses by students from the first class of four colleges.
In this context, students of B Dek (Information Technology) selected a philosophy lesson in 12 courses in total.
In the 55th unit of philosophy course, our ability to feel our energy in relation to the spirit of ' knowledge energy ' is a lesson of Bhagat Gita, who has the blessings of Krishna to put the mind into the bag.
In the meantime, there has been a severe opposition in Tamil Nadu to Anna's multi-art cell suddenly bringing Bhagat Getty as a lesson.
A number of leaders, academics, students, writers and writers, including Vice President Gi Veeramani and TD Stalin, expressed opposition to this as being against secularism and whether they would include religious matters in the project-processing programme in secular country.
At the same time, Anna Multi Arts Corporation has been suddenly opposed to bringing Bhagat Getty as a lesson and it has been announced that there will be a fight on behalf of the Tiva student team near Anna University on October 1st.
Their aim is to embrace all people with equal status.
The Minister of Housing Building Culture Sajid PreAhmedabad has said that his aim is to embrace all people without race, religion and party fashion with equal status.
During a press conference yesterday in Colombo.
He said that on this basis, the democratic policy declaration, which is proud of the motherland, will be released soon.
There is no opposition to strengthening executive power.
He said no relatives had worked in his ministry or its respective institutions.
The Minister also said that those involved in corruption fraud will not be connected to the presidential election campaign or political journey.
The leadership has landed 68 MLAs on the ground for the work of the Silvandi constituency.
Two constituencies are being held on October 21.
In this case, the Congress will compete against the Supreme Court.
Since the AIF will provide Bhamai in the Silvandi constituency, it is said that the Chief Minister of India, Stalin, has consulted with Secretary Ponover and set up a number of surprises.
The number of MPs has been 100, including 68 MLAs who have appointed Silvandi as responsible for the midterm elections.
Stalin's rule has been exempt only to 32 MLAs from southern districts.
He has also asked Congress to support the Nandithavi constituency.
The leader of the Silvandi Election Committee can be seen as head of charge, and the Secretary of State, Jaghavaran M.P., has also been appointed.
A member of staff, Salem Selvati, A.K. S. Vijayan and others have been appointed.
In addition, 10 MLAs will also be involved in the midterm elections.
During the election alone for the Vellore constituency after the parliamentary election, M.P. did not engage in any leadership election.
You look at your work as usual, Stalin said.
Now they have been given an action.
A C-I test was conducted at Bengaluru's former police team house.
The CPI is testing the former police commissioner's house in Bengaluru on the issue of driving the war of political figures.
In Karnataka, the BJP regime was formed after the government led by Kumarasamy collapsed.
He was appointed Chief Minister.
At this stage, Bhachrao, who was appointed as a police committee in Bengaluru, had an audio conversation with a party figure for the post of committee.
The BJP complained that the phone had been heard in the Kumaraswamy regime as a whole.
The BJP leaders continued to complain that the telephone conversation of 300 people, including Siramutra, his aides and some leaders from the secular Janata Party, MLAs and top officials, had been heard as a whole.
The party leaders urged them to conduct a proper investigation and take action.
He also urged senior Congress leaders, including Malalijana Garay, Chituragala, former police minister M.P. Patil, to investigate it.
Kumar explained to the matter that he did not ask anyone's phone as a whole, and that the complaint was against the truth and ready for any investigation.
In Karnataka politics, this phone issue caused a storm.
At this stage, Chief Minister Edikuba recommended an investigation into C.
A case has been registered and an investigation is under way.
Today, C officials conducted a shock test at the home of former police committee in Bengaluru.
The test is being carried out on information that he has stored in a Pentagon information on the issue of driving the war of political figures.
It is known whether the Pentagon was trapped only after the test ended or not.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the United Nations General Assembly on behalf of India.
He was hard against terrorism at the time.
In his speech, he recalled that the land where India, Buddha, Vivekananda and Gandiyan Park lived.
Modi said: Our country has given the world the peace message of Buddha.
This is why we have always given voice against terrorism.
We warn the world not to be caught in the grip of terrorism.
More than 3,000 years ago, he was the best poet in India, and in the ancient Tamil language of the world, he sung, " No city, everyone is listening. "
This means that we have all the place.
Everyone is our relative.
This is the unique India.
We have not seen terrorism as a challenge to India.
We look at the entire world as an act against humanity.
Therefore, the entire world must gather against terrorism.
125 years ago, Swami Vivekananda, the best spiritual guru, gave this message to the world during the World Religion Conference in Chicago.
This is the message: ' There is a need for harmony and peace.
There are no further differences.
Today, I say the same on behalf of the largest democratic country in the world.
The only message we give to the world is ' harmony and peace '.
In his speech, Modi said.
In the Sri Lankan presidential election, Rajapakse will compete as Ranil's United National Party candidate.
The Sri Lankan presidential election is held on November 16.
He will contest the election as the candidate of Mahinda Rajapakse's Sri Lanka general public.
The parties, including Jafi, have announced candidates.
Prime Minister Ranil's United National Party candidate continued to be confused.
In the case of Ranil, he was told that he wanted to contest the presidential election.
Similarly, there were reports that President Michael Sirisena had also made efforts to become a general candidate.
His hope is that if Ranil were to compete, he would be able to make Tamil votes.
Sirisena's account is that he can easily win if he sends Ranil to jail without competing.
But these two have gone unfulfilled.
He is now leading the United National Party as a Sajitha PreAhmedabad candidate.
The son of former President Preda is also a son of Sajita.
Sajid has gathered his supporters and stepped up as a presidential candidate.
Speaking at a grand public meeting yesterday in Kaluthara and Mattama, Sajita participated in a meeting where I was not President's candidate for any conditions.
He was angry that I had self-respect.
The former minister and congressman, A Vasu, said that the father in Tamil Nadu is at risk of a large man's residence.
On Thursday, the birth anniversary of Father Periyar and Periyar Anna was inaugurated at Diya Institute of Education.
The chief of staff was P. Selvsan.
A former Minister of State, A. Velu, a special guest, spoke to the students:
Many kings, including Cheran, Solen, Pandian, window makers, Krishna Deva Radar, have not told women to read during the Aad Sick period.
However, Periyar worked for women to study, for their livelihoods to rise and for equal rights in property.
He is a lawyer.
In that way, the President of India came from reservation for women in the artist regime, equal rights in property, balanced education and merit.
This was the father of his father.
When the father is older, he is at risk.
He said that today, we are going to be in the name of Need Examination, as we create a number of doctors based on merit through balanced education.
The event was chaired by Secretary of Education Senthil Kumar, Vice President Praveshkumar and administrative consultant Teaching Biara Vegakumar.
Members of the Pollur District Assembly, K V Sekaran, former legislators Rajendra, Panurangan, Saal Poondi Sunderland, and Murugan, secretary of the city.
The Chief Minister of Balitnik College, Murugan, thanked him.
The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Centre held several competitions for students at the World Tourism Day Festival at Tamil Nadu Hotel in Madurai.
The hotel's kitchens were working together to produce 101 food.
There was a lot of food, a lot of food, a lot of soap, a lot of confusion, a lot of joint powder, a lot of sweets, a lot of sweets.
The North and Foreign Food were also prepared.
They said that all types of food available in normal hotel to five star hotels will be available at Tamil Nadu Hotel.
A one-day employment camp was held at Jerusalem College in Chennai School.
More than 26 banks and non-bank financial institutions participated.
More than 7,000 youth and students participated.
Speaking at the Institute of Administration Balaji, managing director Balaji said that more than 1500m of young people have a chance to get jobs.
We organised this camp to benefit unemployed graduate youth and students.
He said that we have run free of any money from students or institutions.
He said this job camp is our aim to continue to run in various places and create an unemployed society.
At the bottom of Sivaganga district near Madurai, a fifth phase of excavation is being carried out on behalf of the Tamil Nadu Department.
It was said to be completed on September 30, starting on 13th June, and will now be excavation for 15 days.
In this context, the public and archaeologists visit Tamil Nadu from various places.
Minister Mafa Pandiarajan has said that the museum will be set up to document archaeological warnings received at the bottom.
He said that at the beginning of the day, 1 crore rupees will be made.
The US has urged India to take rapid steps to establish restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir and release all in detention custody.
At the 74 meeting of the United Nations, Vice Secretary for South and Central Asian Affairs of the United States, Alice Wells, said:
There is concern that a large number of people have been detained in Jammu and Kashmir Valley.
The Government of India should start political activities in the state.
As has already been promised, elections should be held quickly.
We have to free those who are in detention in Jammu and Kashmir.
Alice Wells urged the Government of India to fast track these measures.
Earlier, there was an information that US President Donald Trump wanted to mediate on Jammu and Kashmir.
The Indian side has been strongly opposed to this.
The United States then withdrew its opinion.
Following this, Prime Minister Modi visited the United States to attend the UN General Assembly meeting.
First of all, Modi and Donald Trump participated in the Huawei Modi programme in Houston.
They then participated in various events.
At the time, Trump was praised as Prime Minister Modi's father.
In this context, the United States has now put pressure on India on Kashmir.
It has been decided that fees in all Indian Institute of Technology will be increased by 10 times.
The Institute of Technology has played an important role in creating skilled students across India.
The meeting took place on 28.2019 under the leadership of Union Minister of Human Resource Development, Ayhydi Gauan, a director of 23 Ayhydi educational institutions under the Ministry of Human Resource Development.
The decision taken at the meeting shocked students and the public.
The decision is being made to increase the fees for studies by 10 times.
Education is being collected only from Rs. 20,000 to Rs. 50,000 for Chemstar in all Ayyamas in India.
At this stage, that fee has now been raised to 2 lakh rupees per year.
In 2019-2020, 9,280 students who have studied the first year of education have received scholarships and the monthly grant given to students has been decided to stop 12,400 rupees.
The Union Government will reduce the funds provided by the Government of Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, Karagpur, Kanpur, Rucki and Gaugathi.
The Union Government has increased fees to collect funds from students to deal with the funds to reduce this.
The Ministry is also said to have advised their respective Institute of Technology to carry out development projects and borrow loans to the bank and get the amount paid to corporate companies.
Since the BJP came to power, it has been able to prevent education from going to the Saints, reducing funds for primary education in the Budget in 2015, followed by a massive reduction in funds for education during a financial statements.
Following this, big employers continued to launch educational institutions to provide more facilities to private educational institutions.
At this stage, educational institutions have imposed various regulations in order to operate in the funds of private companies without giving any importance to government education institutions in the new education policy.
Only those who are comfortable with this are employed by the Union Government to step aside from basic education to higher education and call India ’ s rich counter-season an uneducated country for centuries.
Ranu wrote, " Kallik Arts " book will be released by the art daughter magazine editor Sembur Santhara Subramaniam, who received a former IAS official teaching Sunderland Pandian.
The late ' Carust ' was held on Sunday at the Russian Cultural Centre in Chennai.
The function was chaired by Secretary of State of the Indian-Russian Trade Corporation, P. Thanabhan.
At the function, the art daughter magazine editor, Sembur Santhara Subramaniam, released the first book and received the former IAS officer R. Sudara Pandian, the head of the Siddhar Research Centre.
Speaking on the occasion, Sundarandian, who participated as a special guest, said:
Ramanjam, the late Carbist Ranu, was the best of the cartoon painters.
Ranu Caron has created a large number of students through research and education trust.
In general, even someone who is celebrated by the world is not celebrated by the family.
On the other hand, it is a matter of pride that the family and family have come out of his book even after Carbist Ranu and late.
Even if Ranu disappeared, he said, he would live for a long time through his works and through this book.
When he spoke to S K Ramanjam, he was the leading member of India.
He travelled all over the world and provided Kailu exercises.
He was a innovative artist in the creation of Kallipta.
Ranu was an expert not only in painting, but also in the field of Carlisle and Asan.
For the past 30 years, he conducted an art study in line with the Indian environment.
He said he would live a long time through students created, his writings and cartoons.
R. Boopathy, co-ordinator of Ranu Caron Research and Education Foundation, thanked him.
Many people participated in the function, including Good, television administrator C. Perera and others.
The Chief Minister, Edpudi Palanisami, has questioned how many hurdles have been built in the AIADMK regime over the past 8 years.
In a statement issued by the party's treasurer Duramirugan, he criticised the Chief Minister for not knowing any details about the public sector.
In his statement, director Duramirugan said that the water that is being opened in Kawai is in vain due to the lack of interest of the D.C. government-the lack of administrative talent.
On the way across Kawai, our leader, V. Stalin, expressed concern at the responsibility of the opposition leader of the Tamil Legislative Assembly, saying that there was no plan for it to be stored.
In response to the Chief Minister, Edpedi Palanchami said, " Is it not a barrier built in their kingdom, in Kawai? "
" I want to tell him that we have built a bar in the club regime at Kawai Mayanur in the D.C. regime.
Will the Chief Minister Edpedi Palanchami, who is in charge of the public sector and in his responsibility, speak against the truth?
Due to that block built in Mayanpur, the Earth's water resources grew in the area.
So the farm grew.
So, today, thousands of people of agriculture will always be happy to thank the club government.
At that time, it was built by the government of Mayanur.
At that time, there was no need for further sanctions.
If there had been any need, then the artist, who was then chief minister, would have given permission, funded and stepped up the bureau.
Therefore, there is nothing close to Edpudi to blame the club government in the well-being of Kavi.
I ask: How many hurdles have you built in Kawai in the last eight years?
The other question is: we have built more than 40 dams in Tamil Nadu.
Can you point to a single dam as a dam built in these regimes?
It is not a lie.
If the leader of the opposition has responded to their accusation, know with evidence that we are building or planning to build a block in other places.
Even more than that, I am obliged to point out that it is not a matter of civilization, but of beauty, if you ask for personal weight, for the post of Chief Minister of India, it is not a civilization, it is not a beauty, ' Duramirugan said.
The Bank of India has decided to set interest based on Repeo since 1st October.
In view of the economic growth of the country, the Reserve Bank has reduced short-term credit interest in four terms so far by 1.1 percent.
However, there is an allegation that banks have not even given customers half the benefit of it.
Now banks are setting interest in the EPRR system.
Since 1st October, the Reserve Bank has ordered the implementation of interest rate based on Treasury Bill and Reno interest rate that the government will release short-term loans.
Accordingly, the Bank of India has announced that since 1st October, it has decided to set up housing, vehicle loans and MSMEs.
The Sri Lankan Administration Service Association has decided to temporarily stop its trade union activities.
The President of the Association, Prabad Chandra Getty, has said that the decision was taken by the Cabinet Committee to take over applications for a discussion and presidential election postal vote tomorrow.
Based on this, he expressed hope that administrative services including the Department of State, Department of Immigration, Civil Education and Department of Motor Transport will take place as usual.
Pradat Chandrakthi added that the State Administration Service Association expected talks with the Cabinet Committee tomorrow and a positive result in their wage conflict at a Cabinet meeting on Tuesday.
Today is a cricket competition between Pakistan teams.
The first match of a one-day competition between Sri Lanka and Pakistan cricket teams begins today in Karachi.
The competition started at 3.30 p.m. by Sri Lanka time.
A competition between the two countries takes place 10 years later in Pakistan.
The Sri Lankan team manager, Asda Del, has said that he is satisfied with the security provided to the Sri Lankan team in Pakistan.
He said that the security given to a head of state or equal irrigation has been provided to the Sri Lankan cricket team.
A one-day international competition between the Sri Lankan team and Pakistan teams will take place in three and ri-20 matches.
In a one-day competition series, Myself and John Wilson have been appointed by the International Cricket Forum.
Malaysia had a technical disorder on the departure plane and was found on the runway.
As the plane stopped, 174 passengers survived.
The cheap plane from Kolaalpur, Malaysian capital, is due at 10.35 p.m. every day.
It is then moved from 11.25 p.m. to Kolalur.
The plane arrived on the night before yesterday.
The plane was then moved from the church to Kolampur.
There were 174 passengers on the plane.
When he went on the runway, the pilot discovered that there was a technical disorder in the lander of the plane.
He then stopped the plane on the runway.
The plane was then deployed to the airport.
The engineers were working towards technical disorder.
Two hours later, passengers were on board.
However, due to the inability to correct the technical disorder, all passengers were sent down from the plane.
It was followed by 138 passengers in private accommodation.
Other passengers returned to their homes to replace their flight dates and cancel air tickets.
If there had been a technical disorder in this incident, the plane would have been in an accident.
However, as the pilot found the technical disorder at the right time, the plane was not left.
It is believed that 174 passengers have survived.
In this context, the technical disorder on the plane was correct.
Following this, the plane went out at 5pm yesterday to Kolampur with 138 passengers.
The Indian Department of Health has said that more than 5 thousand people have been affected by dengue flu in India so far.
More than a thousand people have been affected by dengue flu so far in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
In Tamil Nadu and New Delhi, dengue fever is spreading rapidly.
A 12-year-old child in Chennai and a student in Krishnagi died the day before yesterday, according to an Indian media release.
135 people are being admitted to Chennai Government hospitals and are being treated.
There has been rain in Tamil Nadu over the past few days.
Following this, special committees have been formed on behalf of the municipal administration and health sector across Tamil Nadu and dengue flu operations are being monitored.
The Department of Health has also advised those affected by dengue flu to be treated at government hospitals.
The time for Aadhaar connectivity with Ban number is up to 31.
The time for connecting Aadhaar with the permanent Income Tax Account (Ban number) has been extended till 31st December.
The extension of Ban-Aadhaar Connectivity Board (Sipadi) is the seventh.
The Union Government has already extended the time from 31st March to 30th September to 6 months.
This period has now been extended for another three months.
Every Indian citizen has a unique identity commission (UITAY) and Aadhaar number 12.
The Department of Income Tax provides identity and written identity to individuals who pay income tax and company in the 10 target of permanent income tax account number (Ban number).
The Central Direct Taxes Board announced last July 1, 2017 that Aadhaar should be connected with income tax number.
Since then, the time for Aadhaar-Ban connection has been extended several times.
In the meantime, the Supreme Court ruled in September last year that the Aadhaar scheme would legally go ahead with the case against providing Aadhaar cards to citizens.
The Supreme Court also ruled that Aadhaar number should be required to pay income tax.
In this context, when filing an income tax account, it was announced on July 5 in the Central Public Budget that if Ban refers to Aadhaar number instead of number, it was announced on July 5.
The Vice President of Tamil Nadu visited Tamil Nadu today.
The life of the association's time literature is the life of Tamil people who lived in blood and conspiracy, and the results of the sub-excavation revealed that it is not fiction.
In the north, city civilization started in the 6th century.
But in the 6th century of the year, Tamils lived at the river, and the lower excavation evidence proved scientific that Tamils lived a rich life for the better in literacy knowledge.
The results of the excavation have been created to amend the history of the Indian subcontinent.
Every Tamil Nadu has a large number of people visiting the lower excavation base with pride.
Recently, we visited the Tamil Party's Chief Coordinator Seman lower excavation site.
Following him, he went to the bottom of the club and visited the excavation places today.
A large number of leading executives went with him.
In this context, Stalin tweeted on Twitter that he had visited the lower land where he had shown Tamil civilization to the world for 2600 years.
Trump is investigating the Ukrainian President!
The White House has confirmed that it is true that Donald Trump has been asked by the President of Ukraine to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden, who is a presidential candidate for the Democratic Party.
In order to pressure others and investigate the US leader, a decision has been proposed against Trump in the House of Representatives on behalf of the Democratic Party.
In this regard, six committees have been formed at Nancy's orders by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and an investigation into the President's action has begun.
At this stage, he spoke to Ukrainian President Volker Zelensky on July 25 and spoke on the phone, so investigate, ' Trump said at the time.
The White House officially released what the two presidents spoke about yesterday.
Therefore, it has been agreed that this conversation is true.
At the same time, Donald Trump spoke to reporters outside the United Nations meeting and the request was made friendly.
He said there was no pressure on the Ukrainian President.
But one thing to look at was that the US government suddenly suspended financial assistance worth about $400 million given to Ukraine.
After some time, he allocated the funds.
With this idea of Trump speaking to the President, the Democrats are going to end it.
Therefore, the incident has begun to stir up a storm in American politics.
Joe Biden, son, Hore 2014, in April 2014, was appointed a member of the Department of Charma Holdings of Ukraine.
The company was engaged in the separation of natural gas in Crimea, the Ukrainian peninsula connected by Russia.
The coroner was dismissed for investigating the abuse complaint against the company of Razma Holdings.
The Republican Party is accusing Joe Biden of having a line.
However, Hore continues to refuse to blame his father for his use of business matters.
In the presence of School Minister Red Fort, the government official has caused a major stir of reporters.
The Minister inaugurated the Red Fort Water Project at Tharakar near Kobi in Erode district.
When journalists took him to the film, he stood up to help the Tamil Nadu Water Draft Board.
The journalists have called, ' sir, sir, a little bit off '.
He said, " Who you say to push, what is this great? " and beat reporters who told him to push him.
He knew he was in Maduro and ordered him to leave immediately.
Following this, top officials drove Muthilingam not to be at the function, but to get up immediately.
However, more than 15 journalists were involved in the field action against Assistant Operator Muthingam.
The Minister of State, Red Fort, spoke to top officials of the Tamil Nadu Water Draft Board in Erode district and bought Letut and Rite for what courage to drink alcohol and come to the government festival.
He also called for the suspension of Muthilingam.
Minister Pandiarajan said that historical walls have been available for the world's reputation in the 5th phase of excavation.
In front of Jayakan, Kathar and Village Board Minister G Bhasran, Tamil Nadu Minister of Tamil rule language and Tamil Culture, P. Pandiarajan visited and told reporters:
The fifth phase of excavation is a turning point in the history study of the association in Tamil Nadu.
At the bottom, there is a 6-year-old KB 1-year-old area.
With the existing evidence, urbanization of the river is touched by this study.
In the lower part of the excavation, the scientific period of Tamil-Brahmi has decided that it is conservative for another 100 years.
In addition, samples of 70 bones released by the survey have been sent to Teighan College, a back-door and research company for scientific analysis.
These flowers were identified in the analysis by species such as Dilikai, Erum, White, Forest, Kalamman and Mail.
In order to support agriculture, cow, bread and silver, some of the animals such as Kalamman, Waitrose and wild are used for food.
Through the completion of this study, the union community also carried out animal husbandry.
The models of bricks based on mud and sulfur have been sent to the Vellore Institute of Technology.
In each of them, minerals such as silicon, mud, iron, alumium and mecknium are found in this study.
Work is on to set up a museum at a cost of Rs. 20 crore in order to benefit more Tamil scholars, students, students and the public from protecting such erosion.
The fifth phase of excavation will be extended to two weeks and will continue to work.
Similarly, the State Government will work together with the Union Government on the 6th phase of excavation in four places next year, Tamil Nadu Minister of Language and Tamil Culture K Pandiarajan said.
The event was attended by several members of the Manamur Assembly, including S Nagarajan, former MP Senthil, Archaeological Assistant Director Jeanam, Guardiola Asimbi, Tirupam Ring Raja and government officials.
On the occasion of World Age Day on behalf of Andhra Pradesh Club, the Asian Sum was held on behalf of the elderly residential company, the old costume parade, the play and the celebration of singing.
The 92-year-old grandmother was dancing for the song.
The best elderly couple were given gifts by actress Ambka, Bhaki LR Evans and Purnima Kumar.
Virgo Elves Purnima Kumar had organized events.
industrialist Nalthi Thusamy Chetty, actress Ambka, Bhaki LR Evans participated and gave the prize to the winners of the competition.
15 songs took part in fashion.
Haribiya was the first to take over.
Suresh, Radhika 2, took third place.
The beautiful nurses used to wear fashion clothes.
The student first took the second place.
As best clothes, Susan, Kala and Vanja won.
Shri Narendra Modi captured the first of Raman couples in Chennai competition and the second of the Srinivasan-Balamal couple.
The families of the elderly participated and encouraged them.
He was 92 years old.
Women ’ s Day should be celebrated as an old man ’ s day, as well as a love day.
The International Labour Organization Meeting will be attended by Labour Commissioner Muthurakam.
International Labour Organization is the only tripartite council in the United Nations.
In all countries of the world, labour laws are passed through the basis of the traditions and recommendations of the United Nations International Labour Organization.
A review of such traditions and recommendations is being held at the International Labour Organization campus in Geneva, Switzerland till 27th.
The meeting will consult, discuss and send all tradition and recommendations to the House Committee.
As a representative of the Government of India, the Ministry of Labour, Deputy Chief Labour, Muthurakam, has participated in the meeting.
International trade unions, employers and governments from 187 countries are attending this tripartite meeting.
This is the first time a Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner of India has been sent as representative of this kind of work, according to a press release released by the Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner.
At this stage, S A Chandrasekhar, actor Vijay's father and director, arrived on a plane from Chennai today.
At the time, Vijay was asked about his speech and his opposition.
He replied, " When he was going to the pub on the road, he fell and died in the accident.
Everyone is talking about this incident.
Vijay also spoke about something that everyone is talking about.
Why has the court yet to arrest those involved in Subari's case? '
In this context, ministers and A. ' Is it a sign that Vijay's platform is coming to politics? '
He said, " I don 't know anything like that.
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, " he said.
The Deputy Chief Minister, O.K. Paneswaram, today reviewed Tamil Nadu cottage alternative council settlements in Chennai's Raja Bapu, Vallaleswaran Temple Garden and asked for grievances from the public.
Between 1979 and 1979, 488 settlements were built.
At the request of residents to destroy old settlements and build new settlements, the Deputy Chief Minister assured residents that work would be started soon and new settlements would be completed.
The Deputy Chief Minister said that at a cost of Rs. 67.89 crore, the construction of old settlements with 200 square feet, 400 square feet, a bed room, a reception room, a cooking room, a pool and a toilet will soon be built under the Housing Scheme for all.
He said that while contract points for this project have been finalised, the existing settlements will soon be demolished and the construction of new settlements will be rushed.
Until then, the Deputy Chief Minister has directed the officials of the cottage transfer board and Chennai municipal authorities involved in clean and healthy maintenance of the area.
He said 6 lakh houses have been constructed so far for homeless poor people and houses will be built by 2023 for all.
Ravi M.L.A. and officials went on.
Karnataka music is for young artists on behalf of Indira Shiva Foundation.
As a pilot of the annual Indira Shiva Foundation at the Metris Music Academy, the Indira Shiva Foundation held the music " Anvesha West Fr The Best " in 7th.
The " Anvesha Pala Vivan " introduced in 2018 provides a platform for the growing music artists to express their skills in Karnataka music in front of the referee and Indira Shiva Foundation who have been famous from the music.
Those participating in the Anvesha Balvivan competition were asked to record their talent and performance in Karnataka music in the form of a video on the cover page of Indira Shiva Foundation.
This year, nearly 100 competitors participated in the competition, including a few participants from Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala and Yu.
The referee will include Rita Rajan, Dr. R. S. Jayalakshmi, The Mystic Academy, Teacher Committee members from Karnatic Mysore and Dr. Bandala Ramma, who will receive the Indira Shiva Foundation Medal Medal of this year.
This year, the competition for artists from the 16-20-year-old unit was introduced in addition to opportunities for artists between 10 and 15 years of age.
The participants of the three categories expressed their skills in a very positive manner.
The winners of the 2019 competition are as follows:
Swadka and pole S banner have been won by Kama Ambani and Abhiramaya Seshti.
A 16-year-old and 20-year-old artist opportunity has been won by R D Sym Raghat.
Anvesha referee members Dr. Bandala Ramma, Professor Rita Rajan, Dr. R. S. Jayalakshmi and Sunita Subramanian from Indira Shiva Foundation presented awards to winners.
The audience and participants who came to see the event praised the efforts of Indira Shiva Foundation, who has kept Karnataka Sangeetham in the form of art among emerging artists.
Pilates Foundation Award for Indian Child who fought against child marriage
For fighting child marriage and child labour systems, the award has been given on behalf of the Pilates Foundation for a 17-year-old child from Rajasthan.
The little girl from Hingsella village, 100 km from Jaipur, Rajasthan, Bal Jangit (17).
He campaigned hard against the child marriage system and child labour system in his village.
He also launched this campaign in some villages in Au Kail to his village.
In many of those areas, marriages were blocked.
In honour of this act of Bal, he was awarded the award on behalf of Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
In this context, the award function took place on Tuesday night in New York City of the United States.
Deputy Secretary of State Amina J. Muthamman received the award from ' Sergemer '.
After receiving the award, he said, " There were many problems in our village.
Women in particular will not be able to send children out.
They will marry at a young age.
The family decided to marry me during childhood.
At that time, I approached a social R Valver and made peace with my father.
Then, against child marriage, we asked children to send children to school, and many rallies, Porte Tales.
We went to every house and raised awareness from everyone.
Every child should be given the opportunity to raise his life, " he said.
It has been announced that John will return to the country for 2 months.
The Foreign Employment bureau has said that it has announced that this general apology period, beginning on 22 September, will be in place till 29 November.
Foreign workers who are staying without visa will be able to travel to Jordan with the industrial visa and join the country without any punishment during this general apology period.
However, the embassy has said that foreigners who remain illegal after the visa permit has been completed on the tourist visa will be able to leave after paying penalties.
It was announced that such a public apology had been announced to leave the foreigners who stayed there illegally in Jordan last February.
Is the BJP taking over empty caste politics in Tamil Nadu?
In Tamil Nadu, it is said to be taking caste politics at the end of the day, if it is not possible to make the beard barren.
When Modi was Prime Minister, he was in a situation to see Tamara in Tamil Nadu.
For the second time since then, Amitsha said, ' I don 't know what farms are going on.
However, in five constituencies of the competition, the soil was able to reach Kakwa.
There is a wave of opposition in Tamil Nadu, even if the entire country is meagre.
It is above all a single language: Triple, Kashmir affair, Hindi imposition, one nation.
Since all of this has come together, it is still visible.
This is why the BJP leadership is said to be in a state leadership spotlight on BJP executives in Tamil Nadu, which is why it is still complex to appoint state headquarters.
Even if this is on one side, the BJP is planning to root Bhajagai in Tamil Nadu.
For this, the BJP leadership seems to have come to an end almost through direct field Rift and intelligence Rift.
Accordingly, the idea that the two Dravida parties, whether it be the face or the face, do not give enough importance to the ethnic people of Nader and the people of Vannar.
It is said that he is sad about the parties.
This is the slogan that has started to take over and implement the BJP trick.
In order to honour their respective society, they have decided to give a post or honour in order to give importance.
Saudi appointment of Tamil Nadu as Governor of Telangana is also such a one-off.
Similarly, the BJP government is also said to have given importance to the high office in Israel.
If the BJP acts in honour of every race, it is true that it will give pride and happiness to the respective ethnic people.
In any case, there is a great deal to be done in this caste politics.
At the same time, when Tamil Nadu has already become small in caste politics, it is not known if these activities of Bhajji will be as if they will pour more oil into burning fire.
If such a caste fire starts, it is true that even a tree in Tamil Nadu will be caught in the same fire!
At the end of the day, a worker is killed.
The young man was killed with a knife and a knife in an illegal conflict near Villu Vanuvanur.
There was tension as the assistant inspector who went to catch the criminal was attacked with a knife.
He is the son of a devil from the next Kangambalam colony near Villu (28).
He is a wage worker.
The son of Kasiathan (33) from the same area.
They have been involved in a frequent dispute and conflict in the area.
There are also cases against them at the Vanuvanur police station.
In this context, the young man, who is doing business, had been drinking alcohol at night and had a knife and had regular bullying of the public from time to time.
In this context, on Saturday evening, he was drinking alcohol and taking a young water cut knife in the Kangurampur colony and threatening Sellers on the road.
At the time, he went home to Nishiraj because of his opposition and filed a dispute with him at home.
In this case, you have a knife and a knife, and you have suddenly cut off the king.
In this case, he died at the scene.
Following this, he drove the public with a knife and went on the road.
The police inspector Manikanton and the police rushed and tried to catch him.
At the time, he was injured by a knife in his hand by assistant inspector Manikanton.
He was immediately admitted to a private hospital and treated.
Following this, the police took Ayyar Madhab and took the police station.
The police inspector Nandopal and police rushed and visited the scene of the murder.
Police protection was put in place as the incident of the murder took place in Kangampur, the border area of New Delhi.
According to a complaint, the police have filed a case of murder and arrested Ayyar and are conducting a serious investigation.
The next evening in Chennai was a road security camp and awareness rally on behalf of New Birds Sri Bhavani Arts and Science College and Chennai Metropolitan Transport Police (Death Transport Police).
The director of New Birds Sri Bhavani Arts and Science College, M. Prabhakaran welcomed everyone.
Senior Chief Minister V Karunanidhi, Chief Minister V. Uma Devi, Deputy Chief Minister A.
The Vice President of New Birds Education Groups, L.Naveen Prasad, launched a road safety awareness camp.
He flagged off the awareness rally and gave the students a guidance on road safety regulations.
He said that the need for road regulations should start from students because the parents and this society believe in them.
Young people who are most affected by road accidents should be treated as such awareness programmes at school and colleges to prevent this.
Everyone should adopt to protect your lives, not to fine the traffic regulations.
Students should wear a mandatory head when they go in a two-wheel vehicle and never use mobile phones when driving.
After learning the road regulations, vehicles have to be operated.
The drivers should be able to cooperate enough with traffic guards.
Every college administration will be able to save invaluable lives of students if they continue to monitor the road rules.
The future of the country is in the hands of young people and it is necessary for the transport police and the public to protect such youth.
The camp was attended by assistant analyst Ravi Kumar, Chief Guards Kandiban, Srinivasan and Thararajan.
Professor Sena lost life in the accident and completed 42 years today.
The progress professor of the National Drug Policy has lost life in the Sena accident and completed 42 years today.
He was killed in a mysterious manner in Guana.
He is the first professor in the medical sector.
Professor Sena has served as the first whistleblower of the panic at Peradar University.
He expressed the issues of drug sales carried out by the country's multi-national institutions and was under various pressure from these vendors.
The loss of government due to the drugs imported to the country in various names is tens of thousands of rupees.
This led to the need for national medicine.
He worked to provide 335 medicines for patients with a fair price and high quality.
He was responsible for this operation.
The mystery of his death has not been revealed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has not given any word on the issue of Jammu and Kashmir during his address at the United Nations today.
The 74 session of the United Nations is now underway.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed India.
During his speech, he called on the world to unite against terrorism.
He recalled the fact that he was a young man, and that he was a young man.
Modi expressed pride that India is contributing a great deal towards the global warming issue and that India ’ s contribution to global warming is limited and the solution is high.
The Government of India is making a serious effort to transform plastic into a non-use country.
He said that a massive health insurance scheme is being implemented in India.
In Tamil Nadu, Modi spoke of a beautiful idea for the world at the UN Council.
But at any point in his speech, he did not mention anything about the Jammu Kashmir affair.
The Union Government is at a firm conclusion that Jammu Kashmir is India ’ s domestic affairs.
While Pakistan wants this to be an international issue, political observers say that Modi has not spoken of any word on Jammu and Kashmir.
Thus, Mesej has been given to the world that Kashmir is India ’ s domestic affairs.
2,993 tribes have been selected in the literacy exam in Kerala.
In this case, the 85-year-old is also skilled.
As of 2011, 93.91 percent of the population was registered in Kerala.
The Kerala State Government is making efforts to make it 100 per cent.
For this purpose, the state literacy commission was established.
The Commission is conducting classes and exams for people literacy in every district.
More importantly, the Commission is making serious efforts to educate tribals, fishermen and displaced workers.
In this context, the first literacy classes were conducted last February for people in the tribal area in the field district and recently selected.
The exam had 100 marks; 30 marks for study capacity, 40 marks for writing skills and 30 marks for mathematical knowledge.
It is mandatory to get 30 marks in this election.
There were 3,090 tribes from the field district.
The literacy commission has said that 2,993 of them were skilled.
The 85-year-old is also one of them.
School Director S. Knappan has ordered students studying in 27 government and government-assisted schools for the second season to provide notes books on 3rd.
In this regard, he has sent all district CEOs and district education officers on Wednesday:
All districts have been provided with non-affordable books for government and government-assisted schools.
In this case, a second book has been sent by the Tamil Nadu Institute.
All district primary education officers should provide text books and notes to all government and government-assisted schools in their district by 30th.
He further said that after the quarter holiday, students should advise all CEOs to provide non-price courses and notes books for the second season on the first day of coming to school.
