5th Assembly
Official Report
Monday, March 19, 2018
Pages 603 - 684
Speaker: the Honourable Joe Enook, M.L.A. Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Hon. Joe Enook
Charlie Audlakiak
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Ministers "Statements 603
Members "Statements 606
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery 614
Oral Questions 616
Tabling of Documents 638
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters 639
Report of the Committee of the Whole 681
Third Reading of Bills 682
Assent to Bills 683
Speaker's Statement 683
Orders of the Day 684
Monday, March 19, 2018 603
046 - 5 (1): Nunavut's 2018 Youth Achievement Award (Quassa) 603
047 - 5 (1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing (Iqaqrialu) 604
048 - 5 (1): red Certificate Program (Savikataaq) 604
049 - 5 (1): new Funding for Early Childhood Education (Joanasie) 605
050 - 5 (1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Shewchuk) 606
096 - 5 (1): happy Fifth Birthday to Grandchild (Rumbolt) 606
097 - 5 (1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq) 606
098 - 5 (1): cocaine Bill (Lyall) 607
099 - 5 (1): increase in Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 608
100 - 5 (1): concerns with Larga Boarding Home (Kamingoak) 609
101 - 5 (1): congratulations to Rosemary Ejangiaq (Netser) 610
102 - 5 (1): Porter Mike Recognition under Canada 150 (Nakasuk) 610
103 - 5 (1): budget Address (Mayne) 610
104 - 5 (1): two More Inuit Travelling for Care (Towtongie) 612
105 - 5 (1): recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue (Kilabuk) 613
106 - 5 (1): Bathurst Inlet Athletes (Joanasie) 614
123 - 5 (1): private Securities Act (Hickes) 616
124 - 5 (1): status of Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 617
125 - 5 (1): school Leave Policy (Lyall) 618
126 - 5 (1): status of Pangnirtung Old Health Centre (Nakasuk) 619
127 - 5 (1): social Services Client Travel Policy (Netser) 620
128 - 5 (1): update on Auditor General's Office (Qirngnuq) 622
129 - 5 (1): income Support Policies (Towtongie) 623
130 - 5 (1): mining Training (Alakannuark) 624
131 - 5 (1): support for Hospital Staff (Mayne) 626
132 - 5 (1): insurance Policy for Government Facilities (Hickes) 629
133 - 5 (1): expansion of Curriculum in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 630
134 - 5 (1): grants and Contributions (Mayne) 632
135 - 5 (1): compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 633
136 - 5 (1): child and Early Childhood Services (Hickes) 634
137 - 5 (1): Inuit Employment Needs in Government Contracts (Minn) 636
029 - 5 (1): correspondence and 2018 Annual Report from the North Yukon Mining Corporation Re: Mariam Diamond Project (Alakannuark) 638
030 - 5 (1): correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: four-bay garage (Netser) 638
031 - 5 (1): correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: airport Addition in Repulse Bay (Netser) 638
032 - 5 (1): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 639
033 - 5 (1): options under Supplementary Retiring Allowances (Speaker) 639
34 - 5 (1): Speaker's List of Outstanding Statutory tabling Requirements (Speaker) 639
015 - 5 (1): extension of Question Period (Mayne) 632
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Consideration in Committee 640
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee 644
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee 680
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Third Reading 682
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Third Reading 682
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Third Reading 682
Honourable David Akeeagok, Honourable Pauloosie Angnakak, Honourable Jeannie Enook, Honourable Joe Enook, Mr. George Hickes, Honourable David Joanasie, Mr. Joanasie Quirke, Mr. Pauloosie Keyootak, Honourable Quassa Kusugak, Mr. Adam Lyall, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak, Mr. Patterk Netser, Honourable Paul Quassa, Mr. Allan Rumbolt, Hon.
> > House commenced at 13: 33
Speaker (Hon. Joe Enook) (interpretation): Mr. Quassa, please say the opening prayer.
Speaker (interpretation): good afternoon, Premier, Members, and Nunavummiut who are listening to the radio broadcast and watching the televised proceedings. welcome to your committee.
We will proceed immediately to the page-by-page review of the departmental estimates.
Premier of Nunavut, Mr. Quassa.
Minister's Statement 046 - 5 (1): Nunavut's 2018 Youth Achievement Award (Quassa)
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good day to my fellow residents of Igloolik, my colleagues, and all Nunavummiut.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Donna May-Kimmaliardjuk on receiving the 2018 Youth Achievement Award in Winnipeg.
She is the first Inuk to be certified as a medical practitioner.
Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was born in Chesterfield Inlet and he is the first Inuk cardiologist...
For the fourth year in a row, it's going to be a six year program at the University of Ottawa.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was able to be admitted to the hospital in 2014 as the only registered cardiologist in Canada.
In 2016, she became a member of the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Katimajiit on behalf of Inuit.
During his time on the board of directors for the Department of Health and Social Services, he promoted Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit and Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, these awards represent the highest honour of the aboriginal people of Nunavut.
The award celebrates its 25th anniversary in 2018 and celebrates more than 350 Aboriginal, Inuit, and Métis individuals who demonstrate outstanding achievement.
These awards celebrate a culture that reflects the diversity of aboriginal people in Canada.
This year's award ceremony will take place on March 23 in Winnipeg.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Kimmaliardjuk on his recognition.
She has worked very hard to promote Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, and Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
I know that when I talk about this issue, I'm very proud of Dr. Kilabuk. I'm sure that he's going to be working on this issue and it's going to be very important to us.
Minister of Justice, Ms. Iqaqrialu.
Minister's Statement 047 - 5 (1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing (Iqaqrialu)
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth's sewing program at the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility.
The inmates are involved in the production of sealskins, sealskins, and other items such as paraphernalia, scallops, sealskin pants, sealskin bags, and food boxes.
Rosemary Angutialuk is run by Sandy, a respected elder, and her sewing skills are known all over the world.
He recently went to Norway to teach the sealskins.
She was a student at Nunavut Arctic College's fur program and she initiated a program with the Literacy Council of Nunavut.
The Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth is working with the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth to support the implementation of the Inuit Language and Cultural Healing Strategy.
The sewing program will work with and support the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Qaujimajatujimajatuqangit.
The fur and skins will be used for the sewing program.
Programs like this help inmates to become more involved in the community at the end of their sentences by encouraging them to become more involved in the criminal justice system.
I recently visited the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility and I was pleased to see the positive impact of the cultural programs, especially for the elders in the communities such as Rosemary Chandler.
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Minister's Statement 048 - 5 (1): red Certificate Program (Savikataaq)
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. I say "good day" to the people of Arviat.
Mr. Speaker, the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth has been working with the Nunavut Association of Municipalities on this issue.
In September 2016, the heavy equipment training program, which includes these three components, was announced in Nunavut.
This allows Nunavummiut to take the Nunavut Apprenticeship Program, which is a certification program that is known as the Nunavut Apprenticeship Program.
In November 2017, Nunavut was given the authority to certify heavy equipment operators and outfitters.
As part of the Poverty Reduction Strategy, the Government of Nunavut has passed the regional certification process to ensure that Nunavummiut are able to work anywhere in Canada.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that we have been able to provide Nunavummiut with a nationally recognized diploma and diploma in Nunavut.
Minister of Education, Mr. Joanasie.
Minister's Statement 049 - 5 (1): new Funding for Early Childhood Education (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. good afternoon, my colleagues, the people of Cape Dorset and Kimmirut, as well as Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to announce today that the Department of Education will be providing O and M funding to eligible daycares.
Mr. Speaker, this increase is the result of a three-year program plan that my officials have put in place for early childhood and daycare facilities, which has been in place since the agreement was signed in September 2017 with the federal government.
Mr. Speaker, this current fiscal year, we will see qualified daycares receive an increase in the minimum wage from $1,918.80 to $45,494.80 depending on the number, type, and location of the daycares.
As long as daycares do not increase the cost of child care, they will not be eligible for similar funding in the next fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, this funding will not only help with daycare management costs, it will also help families with child care costs without increasing costs.
Mr. Speaker, we are proud to be able to provide this funding to support daycares and families.
I also believe, and it is clear that we also believe that this funding will have a positive impact without changing the overall funding and daycare costs.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Shewchuk.
Minister's Statement 050 - 5 (1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Shewchuk)
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): good afternoon, Nunavummiut and my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, mining plays a central role in Nunavut's economic development.
My department is committed to supporting the mining sector so that Nunavummiut can benefit from these activities.
Mr. Speaker, the National Mining Symposium will be held in Iqaluit for the 21st Annual Nunavut Mining Symposium from April 9 to 12, 2018.
This conference is an excellent opportunity for Inuit to explore new opportunities in Nunavut's mineral exploration and mining sector to ensure that our communities are aware and involved in the mining and exploration activities in Nunavut.
We anticipate that this year's Mining Symposium will continue with an excellent turnout across Nunavut and we expect more than 400 participants to participate.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to welcoming the mine, Inuit organizations, search and rescue organizations, community members, and other stakeholders to this important meeting.
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I would like to encourage all Members of the Legislative Assembly and the public to participate in this public forum on April 11.
This is not just an opportunity to get good equipment, but to address the impact of search and rescue on the people involved.
Members "Statements. member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
Member's Statement 096 - 5 (1): happy Fifth Birthday to Grandchild (Rumbolt)
Mr. Speaker, it has been five years to the day that the former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly rose to the occasion of the birth of my first grandchild. it has been five years since my first grandchild was born.
Happy birthday, Jayden.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member's Statement 097 - 5 (1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to speak to this issue. it is a good idea for our youth and it is a good plan for how they will be able to work in the future.
I rise today to share some good news with my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to inform the House that Inuit youth from the Kitikmeot will be gathering in Cambridge Bay next week for the 2018 Kitikmeot Youth Conference.
Mr. Speaker, this gathering provides an opportunity for the Kitikmeot youth to come together and discuss their priorities and concerns with the youth.
This includes:
Mental health;
Youth facilities;
Conflict of interest;
Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, residential school solutions, and reconciliation; and
The protection of the Inuit language and culture is ongoing.
Mr. Speaker, participants in Taloyoak are:
Judy Kao;
David Tungilik;
Hilo Panikiluaq;
Lorraine Uluqalik; and
Crystal Methuselah.
Participants from Kugaaruk are:
Becky Makittuq;
Lucinda Rose Aqqivik Qirngnuq;
Christine Torana Qirngnuq;
Chantel Kanayuk Qirngnuq; and
Pauline Illuittuq.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in wishing them the best of luck in their gathering.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lyall.
Member's Statement 098 - 5 (1): cocaine Bill (Lyall)
Mr. Lyall: thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to address concerns that have been brought to my attention by my constituents regarding the decriminalization of marijuana.
I just received a letter that said, "My family and the people of Iqaluit are in a public housing unit for the next year.
A couple of years ago when we were smoking, we had to move because of the smell, the smoke coming into my house was very strong. "
The letter further states, "I am deeply concerned about the effects of cannabis on my children, my children, and others in this situation."
Mr. Speaker, as residents of Iqaluit and my family, we live in a shared house.
Mr. Speaker, the smoke has an impact on other people who don't smoke.
If you don't smoke for a long time, it's a health issue that has been known by the Government of Nunavut and it's one of the regulations that have been put in place to make sure that you don't smoke.
As a father, we have children with these types of illnesses and I don't want them to be affected by anything that includes tobacco, tobacco, and marijuana smoke.
As my colleague from Pangnirtung pointed out, the member asked the Minister of Health about the potential health effects of marijuana.
In talking to my constituents, I know that many of them have the same concerns.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that in a situation like this, we have to be flexible.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that the federal government will be introducing a ban on smoking in Nunavut in the next few months.
I seek unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement today. are there any nays?
Mr. Lyall, please proceed.
Thank you, colleagues.
Under this legislation, elders will be able to retain and smoke marijuana. however, the government will have to make a decision on how to regulate the use of marijuana within the community.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet also noted last week that the government's own consultations and results have indicated that it is concerned about the use of agricultural products and the exploitation of public housing units and condominiums.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that when this legislation is introduced in the Legislative Assembly, it will be necessary to clearly address these concerns and I look forward to working with my colleagues to come up with the most appropriate solution.
Before we proceed, as members are aware, Mr. Akoak is not here today due to illness.
I wish Mr. Akoak a speedy recovery.
Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Member's Statement 099 - 5 (1): increase in Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say "hello" to the people of Baker Lake and all Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage our government to increase training opportunities in Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Qamanittuaq is a rapidly growing community and it will be very important at this time to support further training and employment opportunities for the residents of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School operates programs in Baker Lake.
This program can be expanded so that the public will have a better understanding and experience of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit and Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, the idea of establishing a university in Nunavut has been discussed, and Agnico-Eagle Mines has indicated that they would be willing to support such a move.
I think it would be best if we put it in the middle of Nunavut because it's the middle of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, one of my colleagues stated that it is very important that we deal with these issues as soon as possible.
The wheels of government move very slowly, but at the same time, we need to encourage and encourage when something comes up that is available in front of us.
Mr. Speaker, we are at the beginning of our fifth term as Members of the Legislative Assembly. I, too, would like to see a step forward.
Expanding training programs in communities such as those in Baker Lake would be a great step forward.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Member's Statement 100 - 5 (1): concerns with Larga Boarding Home (Kamingoak)
Mr. Kamingoak: thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good afternoon, colleagues, Kuglukturmiut, and Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage the government to better monitor the day-to-day operations of medical boarding homes.
Mr. Speaker, my constituents have come to me with a number of concerns that seem to have been addressed a long time ago.
There has been a lot of food problems and a lot of waste that has been going on for a number of months.
Mr. Speaker, it is critical that the government ensures that the services that are paid for by Nunavummiut are actually delivered.
I understand that hotels require a lot of accommodations on a daily basis but it is also very important that they are comfortable and well cared for.
Mr. Speaker, it is unclear whether the boarding home will be included in the review.
I look forward to seeing the results of the review and the recommendations that will be made to improve the services and conditions of the boarding homes.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Member's Statement 101 - 5 (1): congratulations to Rosemary Ejangiaq (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I rise today to congratulate Rosemary Ejangiaq from Repulse Bay.
He is a young man who has graduated from high school, but he has been recognized for his hard work and contributions.
Mr. Speaker, the Auditor General of Canada's Scholarship Program, which grants scholarships to high school students, made it very difficult for them to succeed.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ms. Ejangiaq for her perseverance and commitment to continuing her education.
Our young people face many challenges and obstacles in completing their post-secondary education.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on his achievements. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Member's Statement 102 - 5 (1): Porter Mike Recognition under Canada 150 (Nakasuk)
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): thank you.
Good afternoon, my colleagues and my family and the people of Pangnirtung.
I rise this afternoon to congratulate a constituent of mine from Pangnirtung who was recognized by Dennis Patterson.
I would like to congratulate her for 18 years of volunteer search and rescue service in Pangnirtung, Susie Mike, who has been working for the search and rescue organization for 18 years. I am very proud of her.
My last name is the Hon. Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Mayne.
Member's Statement 103 - 5 (1): budget Consideration (Mayne)
Mr. Mayne: Ma'na Uqaqti.
I say "good day" to the people who are watching the televised proceedings.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reflect on what I have seen and to make recommendations regarding the government's financial management practices.
Mr. Speaker, those of us who are new to this House over the last couple of weeks have learned a lot from this experience.
Mr. Speaker, as the Chair of the Regular Members "Caucus of the Legislative Assembly, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of my colleagues for the opportunity to work together since the beginning of the new Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of the fact that we made a very strong statement on Friday that the Legislative Assembly is not going to just approve it and that the government has to respect its own procurement rules.
Mr. Mayne (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. my colleague from Iqaluit-Tasiluk tabled a very important motion on Friday and we will move on to the next sitting of the Legislative Assembly during the spring sitting.
Mr. Speaker, we are a territorial government and although this government is not in full control, it has the power to do so.
For example, as I noted in my opening comments last week, when we were dealing with the college's capital budget, the government listened to our concerns and made significant changes to its budget.
I look forward to seeing more of that in the coming weeks and years, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, over the past few weeks, Members of the Legislative Assembly have been asking a lot of questions on a daily basis.
I think it's quite obvious that we need to do more research on the government's expenditures.
It's not enough to just count the money that goes out.
I seek unanimous consent to conclude my statement, Mr. Speaker.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement today. are there any nays?
Mr. Mayne, please proceed.
Mr. Mayne (interpretation): thank you.
Mr. Speaker, I am talking about examples of things that are happening.
Mr. Speaker, this information needs to be made public in the Legislative Assembly so that we, as elected officials, can make informed decisions.
Mr. Speaker, I will use these as an example.
I think it's fair to say that we can all agree that the government's administration of the Fuel Tax Rebate Program is not enough to support harvesters.
The Department of Environment, which administers the government's Harvesters Assistance Program, needs to take a close look at its programs and how it can adjust its targets for harvesters to support the cost of fuel.
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to take this opportunity to provide further examples of the government's grants and contributions programs.
We know that the government has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on development and promotion.
We are aware of the amount of money that has been borrowed from the private sector.
We know who received the funding.
We don't know what this money was used for.
We don't know how many Inuit were hired from Nunavut and we don't even know what the money was used for.
Mr. Speaker, as you probably know, I can tell you for a long time that it's not going to work, but I'll leave it at that.
In addition, I look forward to reviewing the Main Estimates of the Legislative Assembly and I look forward to working with all Members of the Legislative Assembly to strengthen our budget with the support of all communities and constituents.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Member's Statement 104 - 5 (1): two More Inuit Travelling for Care (Towtongie)
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The residents of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet, I rise today to pay tribute to one of our most respected elders, Annie Tatty, who was sent to Ottawa by air.
Also one of our elders, Amarok, as I rise today in the House, is sent to Gjoa Haven because there are no elders in Rankin Inlet.
I would like to draw your attention to Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet.
As soon as I was elected in November, when I was looking at the budget for the Department of Health and Social Services, I asked, "Where are the plans for the elders" facility in Rankin Inlet or here in Nunavut? "
I was told by the Minister of Health and Social Services that all of us, as Members of the Legislative Assembly, are very concerned about our elders.
At our meeting in Pond Inlet, we were told that this issue would be brought up.
I'm waiting.
A few days ago, I stood up when we were dealing with the capital estimates and I didn't see the funding that was set aside for the elders "centre.
I was told that I don't have to talk about this because I have to stop.
However, I was grateful to our Chairman, Allan Rumbolt, for allowing me to go ahead and present my feelings to the elders "centre.
Now I stand up for myself as an elected official because I am not satisfied.
The issue of sending elders to places where they have not been raised in the south is not acceptable.
As Members of the Legislative Assembly, we want to be a good government. we have told our elders that we would like to congratulate them and send them outside of Nunavut.
Member for Amittuq, Mr. Quirke.
Member's Statement 105 - 5 (1): recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue (Kilabuk)
Mr. Iqaqrialu (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thought I was forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my pride in my fellow residents.
The search and rescue teams work very hard to find people when there is a search and rescue going on.
They use it for their own transportation.
I rise today to pay tribute to our community of Hall Beach's Emergency Response Team, chaired by Kyle Issigaitok, second by George Innuksuk, guided by Martha Gibbons Tupik, and Daniel Qaunaq.
One of our elders, Abraham Ullaaq, is an elder.
As I stated before, this is the first time that a person goes out on the land for search and rescue.
We need to provide more support to our young people because our elders are telling us the truth.
We don't believe that there is a future for the people of Nunavut.
Now that I am here, I would like to express my disappointment, but if I did, I would be more than happy to listen.
I don't think that's going to be the case for the young people. when you go out on the land, make sure that you are safe.
Mr. Iqaqrialu (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize the people of Igloolik. they had a meeting this week in Hall Beach.
With that being the case, Mr. Speaker, if you are travelling anywhere, please have your SPOT devices and ask the elders where I go and I will catch up very quickly.
Things like that.
The reason why I rise today is to reiterate that the Department of Community and Government Services has one snowmobile and we have been lobbying the Department of Community and Government Services and they have not received a reply.
I would like to urge the Department of Community and Government Services to provide more support to the search and rescue organizations.
And that's it.
The last name on the list, Member for South Baffin, Mr. Joanasie.
Member's Statement 106 - 5 (1): Bathurst Inlet Athletes (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
In Cape Dorset, the Sam Pudlat School will be utilized and anyone will be invited to participate in the music program.
I would also like to thank the people of Cape Dorset for being able to travel to Cape Dorset, as well as the support of the Hamlet of Cape Dorset.
There are none.
Member for Quttiktuq, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize four individuals who are in the Gallery.
This is the first time that we have had a federal park manager in Nunavut, Jenna Byrne, and her staff. she has always looked after me and our children, my wife, Carol Akeeagok.
I would also like to thank all of you. I would like to thank the member from Pangnirtung, who is from Pangnirtung, for being able to come here. I am very grateful to my sister, Naomi Kuksuk, who is from Kugluktuk.
She is here with us and she is always taking our daughter to school. I am very proud of her and I would like to welcome Jayden Natanai.
I would like to elaborate a little bit on that at that time.
When I was a child, I was still a child...
... I was expecting a seal pup for the first time in the lake.
I don't think there were too many people in the lake at that time, but I think there were a lot of people out there on the sand.
They were very supportive of the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit and my mother was my father.
I would like to thank them very much for coming to the witness table.
Mr. Uttak and your officials, welcome to the Legislative Assembly.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize my parents in Kugaaruk. even though my mother is now a park, we were given photographs of all of us. I would like to recognize all of you. we are very grateful to our eldest son.
When I was in Igloolik, Theresa Uttak gave me a cup of tea and Louie Uttak, thank you for your excellent food and I will be staying with you again.
Thank you very much.
Welcome to the Gallery.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Mr. Kamingoak: thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naomi Kuktuk Kuktuk and Carol Akeeagok, they are my family.
Naomi from Grise Fiord, from Pangnirtung, I don't have a family on a daily basis, as you can see.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize and congratulate my husband for being here, Andrew Nakasuk.
Please welcome him.
Mr. Nakasuk, welcome to our Legislative Assembly.
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery. I have no more names on my list.
We will move on in our orders of the day.
We will begin with the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
Question 123 - 5 (1): private Securities Act (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice.
I look forward to working with my colleagues over the next couple of weeks and over the next couple of weeks to ensure that there is a level playing field, a level playing field, a level playing field, a level playing field, and a level playing field.
I would like to ask the minister if, as a government, he will be introducing legislation to deal with this issue.
Minister of Justice, Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
To date, the Government of Nunavut does not have a Code of Values and Ethics.
Our department is aware of companies that provide laundry services in our communities, such as health centres.
We are currently in the process of reviewing the policies of the Nunavut Business Credit Corporation.
Mr. Hickes: thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As the minister is saying, one of the last jurisdictions in Canada that does not have a Nunavut Business Credit Corporation Act, we want to make sure that businesses in Nunavut have the capacity to respond to that. we want to make sure that they have the expertise to provide that service.
All provinces and territories have introduced legislation on this issue.
I guess my next question is: when they do a review of the policy, is there going to be a legislative proposal coming forward in the House?
Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Mr. Hickes, yes, we can work on developing a policy or legislation for the private sector in this bill.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Hickes.
Mr. Hickes: thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his commitment.
Mr. Speaker, in the meantime, I would just like to say that the Department of Justice is being monitored by the RCMP. does the Department of Justice work with the Department of Community and Government Services to coordinate contracts with the Government of Nunavut?
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I don't have that information in front of me, but I will look into it and get back to you.
Question 124 - 5 (1): status of Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): thank you very much.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
So those are some of the questions that I asked the minister last week in regard to cleaning up the contaminated site in Baker Lake.
In one of his responses to me, the minister indicated that a "final report" would be prepared and submitted to the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
Will the minister commit to providing a copy of the report to both the Hamlet Council of Baker Lake and me as the MLA for the community?
Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation, Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, Mr. Mikkungwak, I will commit to doing that.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
One of the things that the minister has raised with the Qulliq Energy Corporation is to see if we can work with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean that up. Mr. Speaker, I would be happy to share that good news with the hamlet when I go back to the community next week. I will encourage the hamlet officials to meet with the Qulliq Energy Corporation officials.
Mr. Speaker, this may not be possible because the Qulliq Energy Corporation's storage facility is located in Baker Lake.
The minister indicated that the Qulliq Energy Corporation has already spent $1.68 million to date on the clean-up.
Can the minister clarify how much it would cost to clean up the painting?
Minister Uqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The overall cost of the clean-up would be about $10 million for the Power Corporation. as I mentioned earlier, the damage has been done since the creation of Nunavut and the federal government is responsible for the clean-up.
We are committed to working with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean up the contaminated site.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
As I stated in my Member's Statement last week, this issue has not been resolved by the federal government or the Government of Nunavut.
Mr. Speaker, I am in support of the Qulliq Energy Corporation's position that the damage was caused when it was under the jurisdiction of the federal government.
Will the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation be willing to work with the Minister of Justice to review and clarify the legal options that may be open to him on this issue?
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, as the Minister of Energy and the Minister of Justice, we will work together to resolve this issue. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lyall.
Question 125 - 5 (1): school Leave Policy (Lyall)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Public Service Act.
In previous years, the annual reports of the Government of Nunavut's Public Service and the number of individuals using the Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act were tabled in the Legislative Assembly.
Unfortunately, the 2016-17 annual report did not include this information.
Can the minister provide the House with that information?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
It seems like he wants us to go through the annual report and I'm sure it will be tabled in the House all year round.
I don't know if it's going to be there or not, but I can look into that.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Lyall.
I would just like to ask the minister if he could provide that information to the House as to how many pys were used for the 2016-17 school year.
Minister Akeeagok.
Speaker (interpretation): thank you. (interpretation ends) The question has been taken as notice.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Question 126 - 5 (1): status of Pangnirtung Old Health Centre (Nakasuk)
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today are for the Minister of Community and Government Services.
I have asked the minister about the old health centre in Pangnirtung that is no longer in use after the new health centre was opened.
The old health centre has not been used for a long time, but it remains closed.
My question to the minister is: can the minister provide an update on the status of the old health centre?
Minister of Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank my colleague for that question.
When a building that used to be owned by the Government of Nunavut is no longer used by the Nunavut Housing Corporation, it becomes a question of whether it would be used for other government projects.
The old health centre was built in 1975 in Pangnirtung.
The Department of Health doesn't want to use it anymore.
We have had various consultations with the Government of Nunavut and we have not heard of any interest in that.
According to the government's procedures, we are now in the planning stages to see if they would like to be taken over by the hamlet. we are currently working on that.
If they don't want it, then we would have to go back to the non-insured Health Benefits Program.
They go through a process where they are disposed of by the government.
That's where we're at right now.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
If I understand correctly, the communities have been asked if they would like to be taken into custody or what is the status of that?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We haven't heard anything from the government and we haven't heard anything from them.
At this time, we are planning to do a feasibility study to see if the hamlet would be interested.
That's where we are right now.
Your final supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
I also thank the minister for his response.
I don't know whether or not the hamlet would be interested in it, but if it wasn't able to proceed from there, how do they do it when the government buildings are no longer going to be used?
I thank the member for that question.
There are four main areas that we use in the Sivumut Abluqta Mandate.
For example, in Pangnirtung, the old health centre is no longer wanted by the Department of Health and Social Services.
It was not requested, so we will look into it to see if it is requested by the hamlet.
Those are the procedures that we use when we go through these types of situations.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Question 127 - 5 (1): social Services Client Travel Policy (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
I would like to make a statement today and I would like to say "good afternoon" to the people of Nunavut. since I have been here, I didn't say "good afternoon" to them. I would like to say "good afternoon" to them.
We will be going home very soon.
Mr. Speaker, it is regrettable that some of Nunavut's most vulnerable residents have to travel south for assistance when they are away from their families.
I agree with the member that when you go to visit a relative, it changes a lot.
The Department of Family Services "travel policy, which is on the government's website, was tabled in the Legislative Assembly in June 2013 and came into force on March 31, 2018.
I was led to understand that the former Minister of Family Services had agreed to change the family travel policy.
Can the minister indicate if any changes to the Department of Family Services "Client Travel Policy have been made since 2013 and if no changes have been made since March 31 of this year?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I can't speak for the former minister, but what I can say is that the policy will remain in place until the end of March 2018, and it will remain in place until the new policy is changed.
At the same time, I haven't heard anything from the Department of Family Services officials about any changes to this policy.
If there is a need to change it, we can look at it and we can't change it unless we look at it.
If there seems to be a change that seems to be beneficial to the clients and to the government we can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Minister.
The Department of Family Services "family travel policy states that an elder who is under the care of the Department of Family Services can be visited by two family members or guardians on an annual basis.
Can the minister indicate if this policy has been amended to allow two family members to visit twice a year?
Two return tickets, two would be able to travel at the same time or one would be able to visit twice.
Just to be clear, the two return tickets are one and two return tickets per year for one person.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: thank you, Mr. Speaker. will the minister commit to considering changes to the family travel program for adults in care?
Once the policy is in place, we will have to review it, but at this time, I can't commit to reviewing the whole policy.
I'm sure that there will be a review done on the medical travel that is paid for by the Department of Family Services.
We will have to work with the Department of Health to make sure that the policies are followed properly, but at this time, I can't commit to anything else.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Question 128 - 5 (1): update on Auditor General's Office (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Mr. Speaker, from time to time, my constituents come to my office in my community to seek help for their medical needs.
The minister often told me this week that Nunavummiut can call the ombudsman if they have any concerns.
Mr. Speaker, the language and where you live, it is a barrier.
Can the minister tell us what other ways the patient relations office can be contacted?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
Hon. Pat Angnakak (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand your concern, we try to encourage people to call the toll-free number so that you can get a response right away.
At this time, I don't have that information in front of me. there is also an email address and a fax number.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I don't know if he answered my question or not.
Mr. Speaker, the Information and Privacy Commissioner has raised concerns about privacy issues, and I understand that there is an urgent need to address this issue.
The complaints office has a form that outlines any complaints or concerns.
However, if you don't have a fax machine, you can't send it on your own.
Can the minister clearly explain why these complaints should not be sent by fax?
An Hon. Member: good question.
Minister Angnakak.
That's a very good question.
I think it has to do with the fact that there is a decrease in the number of fax machines out there. as we move forward, as a government, we are using a lot more bandwidth than we have in the past.
According to my substantiation sheet, the government has a website that can be accessed at www.patient relations @ gov.nu.ca.
If you want to fill out the forms, you can send them by fax. the government liaison officers also have staff in every community.
In their home communities, they can be sent by fax to our headquarters.
If the patient relations office doesn't have a fax machine, then I can find out why.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Question 129 - 5 (1): income Support Policies (Towtongie)
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to follow up on some of the questions raised by the Member for Kugluktuk regarding income support.
The minister stated that the Income Support Program, which will be signed off by the department, is part of the program selection process.
Can the minister clarify how his department will approach the selection process when it does not have a mandate to do so?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
I would like to know if there is a lot of work that needs to be done, but I don't know if there is a lot of work that needs to be done in the short term or if there is a lot of work that needs to be done in the short term.
If it was appropriate for him to go to the Department of Health and Social Services, it would be appropriate for him to go to the Department of Health and Social Services.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Towtongie.
The Income Support Program is a policy of the Government of Nunavut and it is not a policy of the Government of Nunavut.
If it is a policy like carving we will not be able to change it as Members of the Legislative Assembly.
I see that when you don't have a job on your own, when you have a young person in Taloyoak and they ask you to sign up for a job that you don't have a job on a monthly basis and you don't know how it's going to go in the right direction, it's embarrassing.
My question for the minister: can the minister clearly explain what specific policies are in place for Nunavut to establish an outpost camp in Nunavut?
Right now it's a model that doesn't apply to Nunavut in the north.
The policy is for Nunavut only.
Outside of Nunavut, it's only used in Nunavut.
With respect to the review of the Income Support Program, there was a change to the policy.
At this time, there is very little funding available for people who are on income support and there are children who are being removed from the Nunavut Income Support Program.
I would like to extend my condolences to the people of Pangnirtung and the people of Pangnirtung.
Yes, if there is no work to be done, we will not be able to do that, but we have to make better choices. however, we will look into this further.
Question 130 - 5 (1): mining Training (Kilabuk)
Mr. Quirke (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to direct my question to the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that when the mining companies do their best to create jobs and take care of the environment, these benefits are realized.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth.
Last year, you tabled your 2017-18 main estimates for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which included $200,000 in funding for the Nunavut Mine Training Program.
Can the minister provide an update on how much of this funding has been spent to date in 2017-18?
Mr. Speaker, I hope I was understandable.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Ms. Shewchuk.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would also like to thank the member for his questions.
What I can say about the mine training program is that it doesn't have all the details on how it was spent.
The department is working with the Department of Family Services, Nunavut Arctic College, the federal government, the mining industry, and Inuit organizations to develop a number of programs to prepare Nunavummiut for opportunities in the mining sector. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Quirke.
Mr. Quirke (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that answer.
Is there going to be an increase in the Department of Finance's budget or is there going to be a decrease in the budget for the 2018-19 fiscal year?
Minister Shewchuk.
I can't respond to that question at this time, but I apologize if I can go back to the member's question as to how the $200,000 has been spent.
The Kitikmeot Corporation's apprenticeship program is $61,000 for this program, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's literacy program for the Baffin region is $60,000, and the Hamlet of Arviat's employment readiness program is $78,000 for heavy equipment training.
I thank the member for clarifying his question.
Mr. Speaker, as you will recall, last week, I tabled a copy of the Nunavut Mineral Exploration and Mining Strategy in the House.
They are going to be working near Hall Beach this spring.
I'm just wondering if the minister and the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, not just the Northern Air Transport Association, can work with the mining companies to see how they can improve the training opportunities that are available to the residents of my community or to the High Arctic.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to add that Hall Beach is a small community and they get a lot of money from the mining industry. I would like to thank them for that.
You also stated that you will be supporting the mining sector.
The reason why I'm asking this question, Mr. Speaker, is that we will be able to deal with some of the issues that you mentioned, such as the Mary River project.
In the Baffin region, there is a gold mine in the Kivalliq and in the Kitikmeot, there is a gold mine in the Kitikmeot.
Will they be able to deal with these issues?
For example, as an Inuk, if I wanted to pursue a higher education, how would I be able to receive the training and how would the Department of Economic Development and Transportation be able to assist me?
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank the member for raising a good question, but the Department of Economic Development and Transportation is not responsible for that.
There is an interdepartmental working group and the Department of Education has a mine training coordinator, but it's also important to recognize that the mining sector is different and we have to take that into consideration.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Oral Questions.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Mayne.
Question 131 - 5 (1): support for Hospital Staff (Mayne)
Mr. Mayne (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health and Social Services.
First of all, I would like to raise this question because it affects many communities, not just my community.
In all of Nunavut, we have nurses working in the health centres.
Mr. Speaker, as you know, one of the reasons why there is a lack of employment is because there is only one nurse in Nunavut.
The reason why we don't have enough staff is because we don't have enough staff to meet the needs of Nunavummiut.
It seems obvious that we are trying to reduce poverty in Nunavut.
I hope I'm understandable in Inuktitut.
I'll say it in English. (interpretation ends) Mr. Speaker, the number of positions in Nunavut is increasing because of the shortage of staff and the increasing workload. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My question for the minister: can he tell us what steps his department has taken to provide more support to health care workers in the communities who have a lot of work to do?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
I thank the member for that very important question.
The issue of staffing at the health centre is very important and we have been working very hard as a department to make sure that we don't have a shortage of staff at the health centre.
I hope that will be the case, but we don't have enough.
I know that the nurses are very tired.
Our department tries to do what they can.
We just did that in the communities. when the nurse was tired, we sent out additional nurses to provide support.
With that information, they send the nurse to the health centre in case they have too much work to do.
When a nurse is in a situation where they have to go on holiday or get sick, we look at where we can get an assistant in the community.
In terms of the Nursing Recruitment and Retention Strategy, we don't want to reduce the number of nurses that are providing health care in Nunavut.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mayne.
Mr. Mayne: thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his response.
I think we're all concerned about the department's staffing numbers. for example, in my community, it's obvious that there are still a lot of vacant positions in the health centres.
We have a vacancy rate of 70 percent in Arviat and 44 percent in Arviat.
I know that it's a challenge and it's a lot of work.
I would like to ask the minister if he could explain the challenges that his department faces in addition to providing adequate staffing at the community health centres.
Minister Angnakak.
At the end of the day, we can't keep them for 30 months when they're trained. I don't know if they're new or not, but it's very hard to get nurses in the communities.
I think that's one of the things that you have to look at. it's one of the things that the Department of Community and Government Services has been working very hard to address.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mayne.
I thank the minister for his response.
In other words, Mr. Speaker, we all know that there are problems in the communities where there is always a lot of work to be done and there is always a shortage of health centre staff.
I would like to get clarification on exactly what is being done to address these problems in the communities. what is being done to address these problems in the communities?
What is being done and what is being considered to ensure that our nurses and other health care professionals are supported by the department?
Hon. Pat Angnakak (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to ask for clarification, but I don't have that information in front of me.
For example, if we're open for emergencies, they can't make an appointment because the workload is too high or there are too many nurses leaving for whatever reason.
In my department, as I said, we're trying to fill all the positions. it's a challenge because we're competing with the rest of the country.
That's what we're trying to do. I know that they work with people who have experience in the north, but not in the north, such as northern Manitoba.
There are a number of different things that we try and do. I know that the Department of Health and Social Services is well aware of the practices of our nurses.
It's not easy to come up with a solution, but I have to keep working on it. if you have any ideas, please let me know.
Question 132 - 5 (1): insurance Policy for Government Facilities (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Finance.
As we all know, Mr. Speaker, in all the Nunavut communities, there are different types of infrastructure, terminal buildings, health centres, schools, and offices.
My question to the minister is: when it comes to insurance, is it on a case-by-case basis or is it on a case-by-case basis?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Our insurance coverage is broken down into different categories depending on the type of infrastructure.
Each of our infrastructure has different policies and some of them do not even have a policy. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I recently saw on the news that some of our communities were trying to burn down the school.
The reason for the lack of insurance is that the Department of Finance is trying to improve the infrastructure to ensure that we have adequate insurance coverage. we also learned that the cost of maintaining our own home in Arctic Bay is $10 million.
How is it going to affect the insurance company if there is another fire in the school? (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Today, the insurance premiums have increased from $10 million to $20 million.
At the same time, we continue to lobby the Department of Education and all of us.
I think we need to try and show that we can continue to work towards a better system. we need to show that the cost of living is increasing and that we have our own insurance. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand exactly what I'm afraid of, but when you look at the insurance rates in the communities, it's about half of the cost.
I asked a question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I hope that we will continue to have insurance.
So this is going to be the new $20 million for school fires.
Schools and other facilities have to pay $1 million on their own.
They are different.
I can't say how many schools will have to burn down, they are no longer insured.
I hope that we don't have a fire in our government and I appreciate the fact that all Members of the Legislative Assembly have to continue to push for this because this is a school for our children and for the public...
It's not just the schools, it's also the health centres that are very valuable to our service.
Any damage is a challenge for our clients and I would like to continue to advocate for these facilities.
So Mr. Speaker, a reminder.
This is a public building where all students and the public, including schools, health centres, and garages, are served by the public.
I applaud the minister for tabling this document. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Question 133 - 5 (1): expansion of Curriculum in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
I would like to direct my questions to the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, as the member alluded to in his Member's Statement, as one of the five Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, we have an opportunity to build a new Nunavut for a brighter future.
Can the minister tell the House if he would be willing to reopen the idea of establishing a university in your community in partnership with the private sector and others?
Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College, Mr. Joanasie.
I thank the Member for Baker Lake for that question.
With respect to Nunavut Arctic College, we made a request for proposals from different universities outside of Nunavut to see how we can work together.
We have heard from various organizations, such as Agnico-Eagle, that they would like to establish a university in Nunavut.
We have been working on this, but to date, we have been trying to come up with an agreement as to which ones we would like to work with outside of Nunavut Arctic College.
I am very proud of the fact that we have to provide funding for education and growth from Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit to the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School.
I feel that Baker Lake would be a great place to expand.
Can the minister clarify if he and his officials have been in contact with the Board of Governors of Nunavut Arctic College to look at ways to increase the opportunities for higher education in Nunavut?
Minister Joanasie.
Nunavut Arctic College would like to see more opportunities for Nunavummiut to pursue post-secondary education in their communities.
In regard to the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School, we are looking at how we can expand the program.
Yes, they will be part of the Nunavut Arctic College Board of Governors, along with my staff, the President of Nunavut Arctic College, and the Vice-President of Nunavut Arctic College.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I recognize that the previous government accepted the recommendation that Nunavut Arctic College should not be established at that time.
Will the minister commit to getting back to me on this issue and report back to the House on what he is aware of?
Minister Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Mikkungwak for the question.
The option to build a university in Nunavut is considered by a wide range of people.
Agnico Eagle has said that they have been able to come up with $5 million to build a new university if there is an interest in it.
I think there are ongoing discussions.
At this time, in the next four years, I don't know if we're going to be able to go through that process. once the feasibility study is done, that will be part of the review.
Members will note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Mayne.
Motion 015 - 5 (1): extension of Question Period (Mayne)
Mr. Mapsalak (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) pursuant to Rule 39 (7), I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that question period be extended. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The motion is in order and is not debatable.
All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Opposed.
As a result, we have increased the time for oral questions from 30 minutes to 30 minutes.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Mayne.
Question 134 - 5 (1): grants and Contributions (Mayne)
Mr. Mayne (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
I rise today to ask about the Department of Environment's Harvesters "Support Program.
Looking at our government's main estimates for 2016-18, there are three main estimates.
Just to be clear in English, there are three grants from the Department of Environment that are administered through the Disaster Compensation Program, the Wildlife Damage Compensation Program, and the Fur Pricing Program.
The department has allocated $150,000 for this fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask the minister if he can clarify how the Department of Environment evaluates the effectiveness of these programs.
Minister of Environment, Minister Shewchuk.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I thank the member for that question.
The price goes up three times a year and they just recently put out a tender at the beginning of March. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mayne.
I would also like to thank the minister for his response on the sealskin issue.
Mr. Speaker, the information that has been brought to the House in the last few years is something that I really wanted to see and I think it should be seen by the hunters as well.
In 2011, the Department of Environment reported that sealskins were auctioned for $800,000.
In 2012, it was $1.1 million and in 2013 it was $1.04 million.
Mr. Speaker, can the minister provide an update on the status of the sealskin industry in this year's most recent annual report?
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I have a copy of your statement.
I can't say where they are at right now, but I don't have that information in front of me.
I can tell you that after the Aqsarniit trade show, there will be an increase in sales. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mayne.
Thank you, Mr. Minister.
This will be my last question, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to ask the Department of Environment if they would consider providing more funding to our hunters and trappers organizations.
We know that the fox pelts are very important to the people of Nunavut.
I believe that the funding that is used for one year is not enough, Mr. Speaker.
It's too small for me.
I would like to ask the minister if he agrees with me and if he can look into this further in the coming months.
I agree with you and I look forward to tabling the supplementary appropriation in the House.
Question 135 - 5 (1): compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
Mr. Speaker, as we all know in Nunavut, hunters are severely damaged by polar bears, their cabins are damaged, their equipment is obsolete, and their snowmobiles are damaged.
Mr. Speaker, there is usually compensation for the damage that has been done, but it is very difficult to get compensation for the damage that has been done.
I wonder if the funding for the Disaster Compensation Program has been depleted this year.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
I'm sorry I didn't hear everything.
Can he rephrase his question?
Speaker (interpretation): please repeat your first question, Mr. Keyootak.
Our equipment, our snowmobiles, and our cabins are damaged by polar bears, especially when we are left behind.
We all know that we have to pay compensation for the damage that was done when we left them behind.
My question was: has the capital estimates for this fiscal year already been used for damages?
Speaker (interpretation): thank you for clarifying that.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Shewchuk.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
The minister indicated that he would provide a response once he has that information.
Can the minister indicate how much has been spent in the Baffin, Kivalliq, and Kitikmeot regions?
Yes, I will give it to the regions.
Question 136 - 5 (1): child and Early Childhood Services (Hickes)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Education.
The Minister of Education stated this afternoon that all licensed child care facilities will be able to receive additional funding depending on where they are located.
How much is being considered to be allocated to licensed daycares?
Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation, Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
The Department of Education's Executive Committee approved a two-party agreement for a three-year term. over the past three years, it has been broken down into four categories.
If you want to get a detailed breakdown of how much it is, the O and M total is $1.1 million per year, which is broken down by year.
That's the numbers that I have.
I thank the minister for that explanation.
Mr. Speaker, when I look at the Child Day Care Regulations for Nunavut, section 17 of the Nunavut Early Childhood Education Act, it states that all staff who work on a daily basis should be properly trained. that is one of the expectations that I have.
Mr. Speaker, I am aware of the Early Childhood Education Program at Nunavut Arctic College.
I'm just wondering if the minister could give us an idea of how it's going to work, how it's going to work, how it's going to work, how it's going to work, how it's going to work, and how it's going to work.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank Mr. Hickes.
Training is part of the agreement for the next three years.
Total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $1.1 million.
We want to get more certified teachers who can teach early childhood education.
That's one of the things that we're trying to do to increase the number of apprentices in Nunavut over the next three years and we look forward to that.
Mr. Hickes: thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank the minister.
I look forward to getting that information in the House.
When I look at the daycare staff and the training programs that are available, I have always heard that when staff are trained, they seem to be more effective.
Mr. Speaker, I have also heard concerns about the minimum wage for day care workers in Nunavut.
When you're trying to provide the same level of education to our children in early childhood, it's very important for them to stay in the workforce.
Is this funding to support daycare workers so that they can get a better salary so that they can continue to work there on a casual basis?
I totally agree with Mr. Hickes and I totally understand and agree that we want our children to be well prepared and successful in life before they enter the school system.
That's what we're trying to do and we're trying to provide support to the daycare staff.
One of the agreements that we have with the parents is that as long as they don't increase the cost of child care, I think we can do what we can to make sure that the staff at the daycare are adequately compensated for their needs.
We're still working on that right now and we want to make sure that we have daycare workers in all of Nunavut.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Mayne.
Question 137 - 5 (1): Inuit Employment Needs in Government Contracts (Minn)
On Friday, March 16, I asked the Minister of Community and Government Services about this issue.
Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, the minister indicated that he was in support of increasing Inuit employment.
The 20 percent is related to the construction of the Baffin Correctional Centre and the docking facilities in Iqaluit and Pond Inlet.
If I understand correctly, Mr. Speaker, the rates are 20 percent and 15 percent.
Can the minister provide an update on how we are going to make changes to the RFP process and whether the department has the authority to change the RFP process?
Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
I think it's understandable that when work is done by the Department of Community and Government Services, the Department of Community and Government Services provides assistance to the departments that are going to be doing the work.
If it's going to be a docking facility, it's going to be the Department of Economic Development and Transportation. if we're talking about a correctional facility, it's going to be the Department of Justice.
Those are the types of things that we work with when it comes to contracts. we work with them to make sure that the contracts are being adhered to.
We work with our client departments to determine how many Inuit can be employed.
We try to make sure that it doesn't go over budget and we work with the departments to make sure that it doesn't go over budget.
At this time, I cannot say that after the tendering process has been completed, I believe that it is impossible to change the tendering process, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister responsible for Health and Social Services.
If there are no changes to the tendering process, I don't know if there are any other programs that can be offered to Inuit.
Can the Department of Community and Government Services work with the Department of Community and Government Services?
I hope I was understandable, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister tell me, and perhaps tell the House, what happens when employees from other communities choose to work in the construction industry, can employees from Nunavut receive the same benefits as employees from outside of Nunavut?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the member for that question.
Mr. Speaker, the Nunavummi Nangminiqaqtunik Ikajuuti Inuit Employment Plan is designed to:
What are they going to be doing;
Inuit who are available for employment based on their level of education;
There are other community programs that could affect the Inuit employment opportunities that are available.
Mr. Speaker, we encourage contractors in the communities to hire from the regions of Nunavut before hiring outside of Nunavut.
That's why we encourage people to come to Nunavut and recruit.
We encourage that.
In addition to the services that we provide to our clients, we work very closely with the departments to help them achieve their goals.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mayne.
Mr. Mayne (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I also thank the minister for his response.
This will be my last question. I would like to ask the minister: will the minister commit to working with his department to address the need for larger infrastructure projects in Nunavut?
Will the minister commit to working with his department to ensure that jobs are created and that Inuit are able to apply for jobs in construction projects outside of the territory?
Will the minister commit to ensuring that this opportunity is taken into account to ensure that Nunavummiut are included in the contracting process?
I believe that the Government of Nunavut as a whole encourages the public to look for employment opportunities for Nunavummiut.
That is the way it has always been set up and we will continue to do that.
Going to the orders of the day.
Returns to Written Questions.
Clause 9.
Reports of Standing and Special Committees on Bills and Other Matters.
Tabled Document 029 - 5 (1): correspondence and 2018 Annual Report from the North Yukon Mining Corporation Re: Mariam Diamond Project (Kilabuk)
Last week, I tabled a letter from the President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated concerning the issue of offshore drilling near Hall Beach.
As I stated earlier, I will be supporting the mining companies because my fellow residents of Amittuq are also unable to get a job.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to table today a copy of the minister's response to the North Qikiqtarjuaq Mining Report, which was tabled in the House in 2018.
I believe that this program will be very beneficial to my constituents.
I'll keep getting back to that.
Tabling of Documents. member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Tabled Document 030 - 5 (1): correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: four-bay garage (Netser)
Tabled Document 031 - 5 (1): correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: airport Addition in Repulse Bay (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to table two documents from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay that the government has requested.
With respect to the four-door vehicle, the community is growing rapidly and the vehicles are no longer able to keep up with the demand.
On the other hand, if the airstrip was to be lengthened, it would be very beneficial to the community.
That's what the hamlet has written to the government.
Tabling of Documents. member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Tabled Document 032 - 5 (1): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak)
I wish to table today a copy of the Department of Family Services "Client Travel Policy, which includes the Request for Proposals and Guidelines for Client Travel.
I have two.
Tabled Document 033 - 5 (1): options under Supplementary Retiring Allowances (Speaker)
Tabled Document 034 - 5 (1): Speaker's List of Outstanding Statutory tabling Requirements (Speaker)
Thank you, my colleagues. I have two documents to table.
The first document is the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act.
The second document is the statutory tabling requirements. (interpretation) Thank you.
Going back to the Orders of the Day.
Notices of Motions.
Notices of Motions for First Reading of Bills.
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters. bills 2, 3, and 4 with Mr. Rumbolt in the Chair.
In accordance with the authority provided to me by Motion 10 - 5 (1), the Committee of the Whole will stay in session until it reports itself out.
Before we proceed to the Committee of the Whole, we will take a 29 minute break.
> > House recessed at 15: 54 and Committee resumed at 16: 18
Chairman (interpretation): good afternoon. I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
In Committee of the Whole we have the following items to deal with: bills 2, 3, and 4.
Mr. Mayne.
Mr. Mayne: thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We are now reviewing Bill 2, followed by Bill 3 and the Bible.
Chairman (interpretation): thank you.
Does the committee agree that we first deal with Bill 2?
Do you agree?
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Consideration in Committee
We will now proceed to the clause-by-clause review of Bill 2.
Moving on, Mr. Akeeagok, do you have witnesses that you would like to bring to the table?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) If I may, I would like to have my officials with me at the witness table.
Chairman (interpretation): does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-arms, please escort the witnesses in.
Mr. Akeeagok, for the record, please introduce your witnesses and proceed with your opening comments.
To my left is my Assistant Deputy Minister, Dan Kaapik.
Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to appear before the Committee of the Whole to present Bill 2, Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2017-2019.
As a government, we are proposing to spend $491,804,000 between April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
Mr. Chairman, over the course of this year, the Minister of Finance has been here for the entire fiscal year, but as one of the five Members of the Legislative Assembly, we have just sat down and we are still planning what we are going to do.
With that being the case, for the 2018-19 fiscal year, we will be going to Iqaluit in the spring session in May and June.
What I see, Mr. Chairman, is that in the interim budget, the department will be able to fulfill its mandate to provide services to Nunavummiut in the coming months.
The issue of attendance is a serious issue in the allocation of funds for this year's general election.
Mr. Chairman, all departments and territorial corporations have had the opportunity to review these interim expenditures. our calculations are based on the department's expenditures and financial processes over the past four years.
We are satisfied that this amount will be sufficient for the operations and maintenance of the Legislative Assembly as a result of the review and passage of the annual budget.
These are the details of the two pieces of legislation that we will be requesting:
$8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly;
$11.66 million for the Department of Community and Government Services;
$29.08 million to the Department of Finance;
$49.1 million for the Department of Family Services;
$32.44 million for the Department of Justice;
$10.77 million to the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth;
$64.1 million for the Department of Education;
$85.77 million for the Department of Health's old office buildings;
$8.32 million for the Office of the Environment;
$82.73 million for the Department of Community and Government Services "old office buildings;
$23.29 million for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation's regional office;
$73.39 million for the Nunavut Housing Corporation; and
Total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $12.54 million. Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments.
At this time, I would be pleased to answer any questions or comments that members may have.
Do members have any general comments?
Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was reading the Inuktitut version. $32.44 million for the Department of Justice.
Is there a difference between $8.62 million in Inuktitut and $8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly or the Department of Justice?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) To clarify, the Office of the Legislative Assembly is requesting $8.62 million and the Department of Justice is seeking $32.4 million.
I apologize if it wasn't properly translated into Inuktitut. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In this case, the English version is correct.
Mr. Hickes: thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Community and Government Services and the Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, as well as the Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, and the Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, as well as the Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, as well as the Minister responsible for Community and Government Services.
I know that we did a lot of negotiations with the Financial Management Board and the minister has indicated that there are some real changes that need to be made to ensure that the departments are able to provide the services that they need to meet the needs of Nunavummiut.
It doesn't have an impact, Mr. Chairman, but it does have an impact on the bill.
I'm just wondering: has there been any change in the way the budget is allocated for the next fiscal year?
Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Thank you for your question.
To date, there have been no changes to the operations and maintenance budget, but we will probably see that in the fall. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there any more general comments?
If members have any questions on the opening comments, please proceed.
If not, we will proceed with the clause-by-clause review.
Go to Bill 2 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Chairman (interpretation): clause 2. do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): go to Schedule on page 2. page 3 of the Inuktitut Schedule. supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Period April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Vote 1: operations and Maintenance. total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $491,804,000.
Thank you, Mr. Mayne. do you have a question?
Mr. Mayne: thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I should have brought this up earlier. I have a question on departmental grants and contributions.
It is my understanding that the numbers are based on a percentage of the annual budget, but some of the grants and contributions are already expended as soon as April 1.
I just want to get a little bit more clarification on the grants and contributions that are provided by the Department of Economic Development and Transportation or the Nunavut Housing Corporation. how is that handled?
Chairman (interpretation): thank you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) That's a very good question.
As I indicated in my opening comments, if you look at the last four years, some of them have been in the first three months of grants and contributions.
I can say that the Department of Community and Government Services and the Nunavut Housing Corporation are one of the largest departments in Nunavut. as you can see, the grants and contributions are geared towards operations and maintenance.
If they have to go through a request for proposals, then each department has a different process and in the last four years, every department's expenditures are reviewed on a quarterly basis by the Department of Finance.
Chairman (interpretation): thank you, Minister Akeeagok.
I guess my next question for the minister is: can the minister tell us if that's the process that they're going to go through for these projects or are there any projects that have been put on hold or are they just going to go through the normal process?
Chairman (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Mayne.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) We are running the same department.
Hopefully tomorrow, we will be able to see some of the work that we have to do in terms of the future budget. that's what we were able to accomplish in the fifth Assembly with the guidance of the Department of Executive and Intergovernmental Affairs. it's going to be the same for the next three months.
Ms. Towtongie.
I'm sorry, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to welcome the minister and his officials.
In the main estimates, there is $491,804,000 on top of that.
First of all, just to clarify, in this bill, it will be used for $8,623,000. in your opening comments, the minister stated that it will be $8.26 million.
The $3,000 is not enough and the total amount is $54,000.
If that's the case, why is it so short?
I would like clarification on that.
Chairman (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The bill is on page 3 in Inuktitut and we are trying to get the actual numbers approved.
Those are the exact figures.
As I stated in my Member's Statement, I'm just trying to get the numbers closer to the main estimates. that's what I have stated. I don't want to say all of the numbers, but we have reduced the numbers.
The numbers that we're looking at in the bill are correct, but they just don't mention them.
Total Centrally Administered Funds. $491,804,000. do you agree?
Clause 5. do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): do you agree to Bill 2 as a whole?
Do members agree, pursuant to Rule 62 (2), that Bill 2 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to thank all Members of the Legislative Assembly for their support in approving this budget. I look forward to sitting in this House when we deal with our budget in May and June.
I thank you all.
Bill 2 is concluded.
I will now ask the minister if we can proceed with his opening comments on Bill 3.
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will keep my officials at the witness table and I would like to make sure that as soon as we get to the other positions, I will be able to invite them to the witness table, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, can I begin with my opening comments?
I am pleased to appear before you today to present Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2017-2018, No. 3. under this bill, the government is proposing to increase its budget by $56,602,000 to:
$49 million for the Department of Health and Social Services to address the significant costs associated with medical travel, mental health, rehabilitation, elder care, health care, physician services, and tuberculosis research;
$6.2 million for the Department of Justice to cover costs incurred by the RCMP, Corrections, and the Department of Justice; and
$1.402 million has been budgeted for the Department of Child and Family Services and the Department of Finance.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments. I would be pleased to answer any questions or comments that members may have.
Are there any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (O and M) 2017-18, No. 3. family Services. not Previously Authorized.
Total Children and Family Services. $1,402,000.
I don't have that number in front of me, but it doesn't really give me a clear picture of where it's at, where it's at, where it's at, where it's at, and where it's at.
Mr. Savikataaq, can you respond to that question, Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Savikataaq (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don't have the breakdown of the numbers in front of me, but there are two areas where we are sending more patients outside of Nunavut and we have increased the number of visitors outside of Nunavut.
For example, there is an elder in Igloolik, in Gjoa Haven.
There are some people who are not supported by the Department of Family Services.
The majority of people who are sent outside of Nunavut do not have access to elders "services in Nunavut. as I said earlier, there are more people visiting the communities.
I'm just wondering if the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth has ever gone back to the Department of Health and Social Services.
Some of the things that the minister mentioned are not directly related to the Department of Family Services.
Some of them are in the care of the Department of Health, the elders are in the care of the Department of Health, and when some of them want to visit, there is funding available through the Department of Family Services for medical travel.
That's one of the examples I used. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I understand that there is a need to visit some of the individuals that are in the care of the Department of Family Services.
My question is: are there any elders still receiving social assistance that have not been transferred to the Department of Health?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) According to the information that I have, it has been transferred to the Department of Health.
Those that have not been transferred to the Department of Health and Social Services are still managed by the Department of Health and Social Services.
I'm just wondering if there are any other programs that have not been transferred to the Department of Family Services. when we look at the information and our plans, I think they are all transferred to the Department of Family Services. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Maybe I'm confused, but if the Minister of Family Services can clarify that, I would appreciate it.
It's up to Minister Akeeagok to respond to that question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Let me try to clarify that.
I thought the question was: is there anyone in the Department of Health that still needs to be in the Department of Family Services?
The answer I got was that the Department of Health is in there right now, the seniors "services are in there.
We are still in the Department of Family Services.
The supplementary appropriation is for the Department of Family Services. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for clarifying that.
Now I have a better understanding.
Perhaps if I ask it in a different way, it will be easier to understand.
Does the Department of Family Services still deal with elders?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Yes, there are still programs for elders, but I would like the Minister of Family Services to clarify that.
I know that the government programs, such as the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, and I believe that the Department of Family Services is responsible for people over the age of 60.
If I missed something, Minister Savikataaq can help me answer the question. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank both ministers for clarifying that.
This is my last question.
When people are sent outside of Nunavut, are they still eligible for income support?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I would like Minister Savikataaq to respond to that question. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Chairman (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Hickes.
It varies depending on the situation.
In some cases, they are eligible for income support, but I can't say that all of them are the same.
I have a lot of detailed questions for the department.
It indicates that they will be providing funding for painting facilities from other departments.
As it stands now, does the other division have the support of all Nunavummiut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) It doesn't affect all the regions.
In addition to the Department of Family Services, most of the money was transferred to the Department of Health and Social Services under the Income Support Program.
They don't get that much subsidy. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that answer.
When do you identify that they may be in a deficit situation and how do you deal with that?
I don't know if that has an impact on our meeting, Minister Akeeagok.
The department reports on a monthly basis and at the end of the fiscal year, it's a little bit over budget for the department. if they can't do that, then we have to go through the supplementary appropriation process.
We're on page 4.
Mr. Mayne,
The document in front of us indicates that the number of residential care placements in Nunavut has increased from 189 to 243.
Do you think that the numbers are going to continue to increase?
What is the increase in the number of children in care?
Do you know what the reasons are for the increase in the number of people requiring care?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) The number of clients has been increasing since 2013.
It's been changing for a number of years. I'm just wondering if that's going to be included in this budget as soon as possible. I'm not going to be approving a supplementary appropriation because you're going to have an accurate budget.
Will that be included in the increase?
As we go through the page-by-page review of the departmental estimates, it will be evident as we go through the page-by-page review of the departmental estimates. as we go through the page-by-page review of the departmental estimates, we look at the main estimates.
We will have questions as we go through the main estimates. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In your substantiation sheet that was provided by the department, there is a surplus.
It also mentions the department's recent reorganization of the Income Support Program.
My question for the minister: can the minister indicate how much of the surplus has been spent on the administration of the income support office or will the majority of the funds be allocated to the income support office?
Which ones did you increase?
I'm trying to understand where the surplus went, where was it spent?
Is there an increase in the income support payments or is there an increase in the amount of money that was left over?
Chairman: Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) There are a number of issues with the Department of Family Services.
There has been an increase in the number of positions that have been hired to manage the transition from one department to another, and some of those positions have been filled in terms of who they are and how they work.
When the Income Support Program was amended, it was funded by the Government of Nunavut and the government's response was that they send people to residential care in a number of different ways.
There are a number of factors that determine how the Department of Family Services has arrived at its budget shortfall for the current fiscal year. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'll be there for him.
The information indicates that the department is spending more money in the main estimates for income support and this document indicates that more money is being spent on income support.
Is the money that is going to be used for the staff or is it going to be used for the income support office?
My colleague, Mr. Savikataaq, can provide a better response to that question.
Mr. Savikataaq, please proceed.
The amendments to the Income Support Program have a significant impact on these funds. I can use this as an example.
It's called the Child Benefit Supplementary Benefit. it's called the Child Benefit Supplement. it's called the Child Benefit Supplement.
The children who were taken out of the income support program will no longer be able to do so. at this time, the income support recipients will receive more money and the families will no longer be deducted from the income support program.
We are on Total Children and Family Services.
Not Previously Authorized. $1,402,000.
Justice. operations and Maintenance. not Previously Authorized.
Total Justice. $2,600,000.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Welcome, Minister.
What it says here is that the purchase of new drugs will be subject to legislative changes by the federal government this summer. is that the plan?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I would like to ask the Deputy Minister of Justice to go to the witness table.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witness?
Sergeant-at-arms, please escort the witnesses in.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your witness.
To my left is the Deputy Minister of Justice, Bill MacKay.
If it's okay with you, I would like to respond to the question.
Mr. Chairman, that's a very good question in regard to the Department of Justice and the RCMP.
This does not apply to marijuana.
We don't want prescription drugs in Canada and we don't want them to come to Nunavut because these are new drugs that we need to learn and implement.
In December, at the Finance Ministers "Meeting, the money that will be allocated for marijuana, 25 percent of the money from the federal government will go to the RCMP, to do drug testing.
This is a two-party system.
I thank the minister for his response.
My next question is in regard to the high cost of housing in the communities.
I'm just wondering if the minister could explain why that's in there.
Chairman (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Netser.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) This is related to the fact that the RCMP received nine additional RCMP officers in different communities and that's why they provide staff housing.
When there are additional RCMP officers, we have to go through government contracts to purchase those additional units, which was under $300,000. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Mayne, did you have a question?
Mr. Mayne: thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The minister was talking about the $2.6 million allocation of $300,000 for housing.
I'm just wondering if he could break it down into a little bit more detail.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I may have missed a number.
I will ask my officials.
Those are the numbers.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would also like to thank the minister. (interpretation ends) As I stated earlier, $1 million will be used for vehicles.
Why did you not expect these vehicles to be purchased?
I believe it should have been included in the budget.
What was the reason for the purchase of new vehicles?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. that's a very good question.
The $1 million is for the replacement of vehicles.
We do have a contract with the RCMP and there are different processes in place.
Last year, it was reported that the vehicles were not being replaced due to a lack of funding.
They tried to prevent that from happening, but earlier this year, they found that their vehicles were too damaged to meet their basic needs.
That's why it has gone up so much this year.
There has been a lot of hedging, but there has been a lot of damage to the property and that's the way it is.
Under the contract with the RCMP, we don't have to go through the procurement process.
However, in our discussions with the Nunavut Association of Municipalities and the Nunavut Association of Municipalities and the Nunavut Association of Municipalities, we have come to an agreement on this issue and it seems to have gone up.
Mr. Mayne (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to thank my colleague for asking that question.
I think these drugs are the new ones that are the most dangerous drugs.
Will this equipment be made available to all communities or will it be made available to all communities?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Yes, the RCMP will be providing this service to all the communities.
Those are the new tools that the RCMP and the public may have to go through. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Can the minister indicate if any new drugs have been found in our communities or if they have not been found in any of the communities to date?
Yes, the people who are coming into our communities are very sad and I hope that they will stop.
However, there have been a couple of communities that have been impacted. there are a lot of people who are coming up from the Northwest Territories.
It's very dangerous and I'm very afraid that these people will try to take drugs.
If you don't get those things, it's a lot more fun, but the way things are going, it's dangerous and I would like to congratulate the RCMP because they are in the planning stages.
Mr. Mayne: I thought we were done.
That's my last question.
In regard to the shortage of housing in the communities, perhaps you can clarify that for the Nunavut communities.
According to the documents that we have provided, there have been nine additional RCMP officers in nine of the six communities in Nunavut that have been decentralized to different communities.
That was just a comment.
Moving on, Mr. Hickes, do you have a question?
In the $2.6 million that you're asking for, it talks about the court interpreters who are going through the court system. did you need seven interpreters from the court system?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) At this time, no, there are a number of additional interpreters.
I'll just leave it at that. in his opening comments, he talked about the need for new phones and the need to continue with the old ones.
Now that we know that they're going to have to replace their existing telephones, are they going to be putting money aside for new ones or are they going to be asking for additional funding once they know the number from the RCMP?
Yes, this is being planned by the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth.
One of the things that my colleague has mentioned in his business plan is that the finance ministers will be in the public service. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
With respect to other correctional facilities, as the member is referring to, there are a number of full-time staff at the Baffin Correctional Centre. what is the total number of inmates at the Baffin Correctional Centre?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Item 8. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Did he say that there were eight?
Mr. Hickes (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I would like to direct my question to the minister.
Can the minister clarify that for me?
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, to respond to that question.
Mr. McKay: thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Chief Medical Officer of the Department of Health and Social Services has a lot of other staff who work in the Department of Health and Social Services. if the weather is bad, they have to stay there.
When there is a blizzard, they can't go home. can the minister tell me if there are going to be more people coming to work?
Mr. MacKay, can you clarify that?
Yes, there are a couple of cases where if there is a blizzard, they are brought in right away, but there are only two cases where there is a blizzard.
Mr. Lyall.
Mr. Lyall: thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice. first of all, the RCMP has indicated that they will need housing for nine new RCMP officers.
When you get a police officer, are they provided with housing on a case-by-case basis?
I am pleased to say that one of my staff members, a hockey player who suffered a stroke by a fellow employee, will probably be relieved that my deputy minister will not be able to write a letter.
It's going to have to be a whisper.
My question is in regard to the nine RCMP detachments that receive housing from the federal government.
As I stated earlier, there are different ways that we work with the RCMP through contracts.
I would like to clarify for the committee that 70 percent of the RCMP costs are paid by the Government of Nunavut and 30 percent is paid by the federal government.
The RCMP is provided through their contract with the federal government. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lyall: thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm just wondering if the RCMP will be providing housing for all the RCMP detachments.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) When the RCMP put their staff into a community, they automatically determine their age.
They operate in a unique way because they don't allow one of their officers to go out on the land.
They don't expect to get their own housing in the communities on a regular basis, depending on how many RCMP officers are needed in the communities.
The RCMP is unique in that they operate on a case-by-case basis.
When they identify a need for an RCMP detachment, they try to include all 25 communities. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It is regrettable that the RCMP does not try to become an integral part of the community.
When the RCMP buys their own home, what kind of assistance do they provide?
Chairman (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Lyall.
I don't think there are a lot of questions that need to be asked here.
I don't think we should expect them to get their own homes and that's why they are provided with housing.
Mr. Akeeagok, if you would like to speak, it's up to you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you.
That was a very good comment, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Speaker, although the RCMP members have only been in the community for three years, they have been raised in the community.
If an RCMP officer wants to get a house, they have to apply to the federal government for a home.
It's not a federal program. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question in regard to the RCMP is: how many contracts did you have with the RCMP?
Branch Summary. total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $40,071,000.
If this is approved, it will be $42,671,000 for this contract. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you for that clarification.
Moving on to the third item, the Corrections Division is responsible for overtime and casual staffing.
Chairman (interpretation): Mr. Lyall, we're just here for the Law Enforcement Division. we haven't gotten there yet. can you wait for your questions?
At this time, we are asking questions to the Law Enforcement Division. (interpretation ends) Are there any further questions?
Mr. Lyall (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Yes, this is the last one for the Law Enforcement Division.
According to the minister's letter, the total budget was $40 million, of which $30 million was for law enforcement, which is estimated to be $42 million.
How much of that $42 million is projected to be spent by the end of the fiscal year?
Maybe if I could ask my colleague what specific numbers he is looking for.
If there is a number, I would like to get some assistance. at this time, the document that I tabled on Friday, I believe I found $30 million, but if you could elaborate a little bit more.
The letter, dated March 16, was addressed to the Chairperson of the Regular Members "Caucus, the Minister of Finance.
The letter I am referring to is on page 4 and there are five in total.
I would like to thank the member for his question.
This line item is $30 million for this year and to date it has been used for $30 million, and the plan is $42 million.
The $2.6 million that we have requested is based on the RCMP numbers. that's why I wrote that letter.
I'm looking at $2.6 million. on page 1 of the Legislative Assembly's substantiation sheet, it indicates that the RCMP administers the Auditor General's Report on the Auditor General of Canada's Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act. on top of that, it speaks to the history of this request.
The standing committee notes that the Government of Nunavut is committed to improving the management of the department. however, due to the unique nature of its operations, an additional $2.6 million will be required to cover the costs of staffing, training, and other departmental initiatives.
On the same page, it talks about $2.6 million for employee bonuses and casual salaries. on the same page, it talks about $2.6 million.
Can you clarify that, Mr. Chairman?
Mr. Akeeagok, if you would like further clarification, it's up to you.
If you look at page 3 of the business plan, there's an additional $2.6 million for correctional facilities.
There are two separate projects in the amount of $2.6 million, but they're separate.
The need for the RCMP radios, the need for housing, the need for vehicles, as well as the number of incidents that have occurred in the past. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I also thank Minister Akeeagok.
If we're talking about $2.6 million, how much of that is, I don't understand that. can you clarify that for me?
Chairman (interpretation): thank you, Ms. Towtongie.
On page 5 of our document, Law Enforcement Branch, we're dealing with $2.6 million.
Further, "Corrections $2.6 million," which is not the total amount that we're dealing with right now, we're at $2.6 million under Law Enforcement.
Do you have any questions?
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Thank you for clarifying that.
When I read the Inuktitut version, the English version of the main estimates is the same, but in the Inuktitut version, it looks like the main estimates, it looks like the main estimates in Inuktitut.
Can the minister clarify what this means in terms of the main estimates or the main estimates for 2017-18?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) On the left of the main estimates, it talks about $40 million for law enforcement, $11 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly, which has already been approved.
To my right, not Previously Authorized. (interpretation ends) We are still in the 2017-18 fiscal year. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) That is why we are seeking approval from the Legislative Assembly for supplementary appropriations for the Department of Justice. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
A total of $6.2 million, of which $2.6 million would go to the RCMP.
That's what we're requesting from you in the House. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was just confused because it looks like there's an estimate in Inuktitut.
I understand my question a little bit now, so I'll leave it at that.
We're on Law Enforcement. $2.6 million.
Next on the list is Total Registries and Court Services, $1 million.
Total Justice. corrections. $2,600,000.
Mr. Lyall: thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Corrections because every year they go over budget, if I recall correctly, they go over budget just for overtime.
Is that correct?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is correct that the maximum amount is for overtime, as well as casuals.
Mr. Lyall: thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If my memory serves me correctly, the correctional facilities are staffed for 12 hours a day. is that correct?
At this point in time, the correctional facilities are full and the staff are working overtime, so has your department considered three to eight hours a week to make sure that there is no room for improvement?
I would like to ask the Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, to respond to that question.
The member is correct that it takes 12 hours.
That's how it's set up. they have to work for two hours, 42 hours a week, and they're going to be working overtime for 42 hours a week.
Under the collective agreement, the overtime was reduced from $4 million to $2.49 million.
As a result, the corrections department's deficit jumped from $4.5 million to $2.6 million.
We are moving forward with the overtime payments and we will continue to do that.
A reminder to put your cellphone in your mouth and keep it quiet.
Mr. Lyall (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
They operate only on overtime, and they work 42 hours a week.
Do employees work 50 or 60 hours a week?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It's very detailed. we have to provide it to the House and we will provide it in writing.
Our deputy minister can't answer that question.
We don't have that information in front of us.
I don't know how much information is required for the operation of the facility.
I would like to direct my question to the minister.
What kind of training do they receive?
Through you, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that question.
I think the answer to that is that there is a training and training supplementary appropriation that is going to be used under the Corrections Division.
At this time, we don't have any training programs.
When we have a trainer on a contract, it costs them a lot of money, and when they're working overtime, they have to be replaced by someone else, so that increases the cost of training.
We are also looking at other ways of better planning and budgeting to make sure that the staff in the correctional facilities and the courts are better trained so that we don't have more contract teachers.
Ms. Nakashuk.
I was just wondering when the $2.6 million was announced for staff training.
What kind of training will be provided to employees and casuals?
Both the Baffin Correctional Centre and the Nunavut Court of Justice provide excellent training for casuals and staff.
I don't know if they're going to be hired on a casual basis, but they're going to be trained for a number of weeks.
Can the minister tell me what kind of programs are in place at the correctional facility? I didn't have to ask that question.
I don't know if they have that level of detail, Mr. Akeeagok.
I'm just wondering if the Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, can elaborate a little bit on that, if you will allow him.
Ms. MacKay.
I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I will be able to get back to the member on what kind of training is provided to inmates.
Depending on which category of low-risk inmates are housed at the Iqaluit Baffin Correctional Centre, they are provided with trades training so that they can continue to work in the correctional facility.
At the Akausisarvik facility, we also have programs in place for each inmate based on their needs, addictions counselling, anger management counselling, and so on.
Even though they can't leave the correctional facility, they are trained to be able to work in a correctional facility.
The Rankin Inlet Correctional Centre provides correctional services to inmates in Rankin Inlet.
There are different programs that we provide.
Mr. Nakasuk: I'm done.
We are on page 5.
Justice. operations and Maintenance.
Total Department. not Previously Authorized. $6,200,000.
Turn to page 6.
Department of Health. operations and Maintenance. not Previously Authorized.
Mr. Akeeagok, would you like to make a comment?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) That's not a comment.
If it's okay with you, we will move on to another department. the witness is available to answer questions, so I would like to make a few changes before we go to the witness table. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was going to give you an opportunity, but if you want to take this opportunity, that's fine.
Sergeant-at-arms, please escort the officials out.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Chairman (interpretation): sergeant-at-arms, please escort the other witness in.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your new witness.
He just walked in, to my left, Deputy Minister of Health and Social Services, Colleen Inuuujaq Stockley.
Health. operations and Maintenance. not Previously Authorized. total Directorate. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser: I made a mistake.
When it comes to travel, that's what I'm going to be asking about.
Chairman (interpretation): thank you.
Are there any questions on headquarters.
I don't have too many questions, but when we're talking about elders "homes in Nunavut, there are three facilities that are going to be funded from different sources.
A couple of days ago, when I was asking about the pre-feasibility study in Igloolik and Gjoa Haven, they were looking at expanding the elders "facility.
At that time, the minister did not know how many beds would be available for the study.
My question for the minister: can the minister update the House today on the status of his department's efforts to increase the number of elders "facilities in Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you for the question.
It's under the preplanning stage. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What is the status of the pre-planning phase and what is the current status of this project?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I would like my Deputy Minister of Health to respond to that because he is more familiar with the capital estimates.
The Department of Health is already planning for last year's capital budget for 2017-18.
I would like to ask the minister about the feasibility of expanding the facility in Igloolik.
Keeping that in mind, after the election, it was likely that the government would have a new mandate to look at options for the Igloolik expansion.
This has not gone far enough, but we expect that more action will be taken once we know what the government's mandate is.
Just to conclude, when we talk about the use of government resources to identify deficiencies in our infrastructure, I would like to emphasize to the department that it is the responsibility of the Government of Nunavut to address the issue of elder care.
I look forward to continuing to build on the existing infrastructure and identify opportunities for Nunavummiut to take advantage of the new infrastructure that is currently on the waiting list.
It's more of a comment.
I would like to follow up on my colleague's question in regard to the elders "home operations.
I would be interested to find out what the breakdown is of the $900,000.
I'm just wondering if the minister could give us an idea of what type of infrastructure is going to be allocated to these facilities.
The $900,000 is divided into three categories, totalling $300,000 each for each of the three elders.
Mr. Mapsalak (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What is the process that the Department of Health and Social Services uses to inform people if they're going to be spending too much money?
The three communities that are operated by the Government of Nunavut have recently issued new contracts and this is one of them.
If there is a need to increase or decrease, the Department of Health and Social Services and the Nunavut Association of Municipalities meet to discuss these issues.
When they have to come up with a solution, they have to come up with a solution.
They have to abide by the laws of Canada and Nunavut.
In the business plan, it talks about the opening of three new residential care facilities in 2012-13. there are a number of factors that have contributed to the increase in the number of residential care and aging facilities.
I'm just wondering if there's going to be an increase in the amount of money that's going to be spent in the next fiscal year. is there going to be an increase in the cost of operations or is there going to be a cap on the amount of money that we have now?
At the beginning of the contract, three of them were under the Department of Family Services.
The Department of Health finally took over the contract in April 2017.
One of the things that we brought to the attention of the Department of Health and Social Services was that there was a difference in the quality of care provided by the Department of Health and Social Services.
There were a number of recommendations that were made on the Nutrition North Canada Program.
When we looked at the contract, the elders "facilities were not able to provide the necessary services.
There was a deficit of $855,000 last year and that's why we're asking for almost $900,000 right now.
Please correct me if I'm wrong when I look at the funding for mental health services across Nunavut.
We have to deal with trauma in Nunavut.
Is there any talk of putting money aside for mental health treatment?
We're here, we're just talking about additional funding for operations and maintenance. we're not talking about actual costs.
I don't think this is appropriate for the Legislative Assembly or anything else.
Do you have any further questions, Ms. Towtongie?
I thank the minister for clarifying that.
In terms of the mental health contract for 2017-18, I think it's $16 million, $16.7 million, $6.2 million. what is the status of that?
That's my last question. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, we're on $5.9 million, which is part of the $43.1 million that the member is asking about.
The actual amount is $16 million and $10 million is there.
I would like Deputy Minister Stockley to explain why he is asking for an additional $10 million. if you can respond to that question.
It's very good to hear that Nunavummiut are asking for help.
There has been an increase in the number of people seeking help. that's why there has been an increase in the number of people going to the treatment centre.
I know people who have mental health problems and addictions.
There are also costs outside of the Department of Health and Social Services that are covered by the Department of Justice.
Before we proceed to the Directorate, we will take a five-minute break.
> > Committee recessed at 18: 03 and resumed at 18: 10
I would like to call the committee meeting back to order.
Total Health and Social Services. $43,100,000.
Outside of Nunavut, in terms of long-term elder care, you have identified a number of areas that are becoming increasingly forgotten.
This number may increase due to the fact that we don't have a dementia research centre in Nunavut.
That's what I'm interested in.
Are they looking at the possibility of having a dementia research centre in Nunavut?
It's one of those things right away, but it's not at the top of the list.
Those are the types of things that are being worked on right now.
At the same time, outside of Nunavut, in the long term, the last document that we have in front of us is the regional budget for the Department of Health and Social Services.
I was a little bit taken aback by the fact that the minister's letter, broken down by department, did not include anything within the budget to address the deficit.
Can the minister indicate if his department will be spending all of its funding in this area?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. on page 6, the first item is $5.9 million. not Previously Authorized.
We are requesting $5.9 million for elders "care. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is more directed to the Department of Health and Social Services.
Maybe through you, if I make a mistake, Deputy Minister Stockley can correct it.
I think it's a question that I can answer right now with respect to the over-expenditures, but there are other things that have not been removed from the Department of Health.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you for clarifying that.
If there is money that has not been spent within the department, then we transfer the money that has not been spent.
The remaining budget for the Department of Health is $49 million.
The letter that I just sent out today will be translated into Inuktitut and it was sent in English on Friday.
That's a very small amount compared to the deficit that we're proposing in this supplementary appropriation. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appreciate the appendix, but what I was trying to get at was in the letter that we received from the minister on page 4, there's a breakdown of programs and funding.
Under the Department of Family Services, they're showing the surplus that they're going to be able to reuse.
I'm just wondering why the Department of Health hasn't done that.
There was no indication from the Department of Health and Social Services that there would be a surplus.
On page 5, it indicates that the Department of Health and Social Services will require an additional $49 million. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
He's not talking about the Department of Health and Social Services, but he's talking about the Department of Health and Social Services.
In the Department of Health and Social Services, I know that there is a regional surplus in the Nursing Recruitment and Retention Strategy. there has been a surplus of over $1 million over the last few years.
Can the minister provide us with a breakdown of all the programs that are provided by the Department of Health and Social Services when there is a surplus?
You're asking for a lot of information that may not be available at this time.
Minister Akoak...
... Mr. Akeeagok, go ahead.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for recognizing me.
We don't have that level of detail.
We will be able to table it in the House at a later date. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'll move on to the elders "facilities.
In the second bullet, it indicates that the current elders "facilities are operated under a contract with a not-for-profit Nunavut organization.
I just want to say that this is a very good program that is available to all Nunavummiut and organizations.
I hope that they will be able to contract as many people as they can.
Moving on to the next bullet, it states that "24-hour care is provided 24 hours a day, seven days a week by the Department of Health and Social Services in accordance with the Department of Health's guidelines."
The Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth is responsible for administering the program.
I would like to ask a question to the Minister of Health and Social Services about the need for elders "facilities to meet the minimum requirements.
I responded to that earlier.
The department has entered into a new contract with Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, which has been increased as a result of the Department of Health's compliance with the terms and conditions of the contract.
If there is no compliance, the interpreters and the Department of Health meet with each other to make sure that they are following the rules.
Mr. Mrazek (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Can you clarify whether or not these elders "facilities are up to the minimum level of care that they need?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you.
It's a new contract and we have increased it from $900,000 to $5.9 million.
We have been assured by the three departments that they are going to try and keep up with the current level of care, but they haven't really reached the level of care that the elders need.
The minister indicated that they are trying to keep up with that. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): thank you.
It's starting to get sore in my throat because I'm so quiet.
In regard to medical travel, they are asking for $50 million and I have raised this issue many times in the House. when patients go to the hospital, they don't have an appointment, especially in my constituency, especially when they go down to Winnipeg.
Does the Department of Health have a list of patients who went down to Winnipeg prior to their appointments being cancelled? (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I thank the member for that question.
The Minister of Health has committed to reviewing all patients and patients who were not seen or changed as a result of their appointments.
One of the things that the government is looking at is to make sure that we find out where the wrongdoing occurred.
I would like to thank the member for asking that question. he said that he has seen these types of things and we would like to include them in our review.
I would like to thank the member for raising that issue and we can look into it together.
That will be part of the review. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I look forward to the review report.
At this time, there was $5.5 million for tuberculosis in Qikiqtarjuaq, and as recently as February 26, the federal government set aside a large amount of money for Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami. I believe it was $82 million and $80 million was set aside for TB research.
I wonder if the Government of Nunavut, or the Department of Health, or the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, can assist us in providing this funding. I wonder if the Government of Nunavut or the Government of Nunavut have been in contact with the federal government to see if they are willing to pay for the treatment of tuberculosis.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you.
That's a very good question.
At this time, the federal government has indicated that it will be included in the 2018 / 19 budget as a contribution to the fight against tuberculosis, but at the same time, it states that Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami will be allocated funding over the next five years for the Inuit Circumpolar Conference.
At this time, it states that the Standing Committee on Oversight of Government Operations and Public Accounts has a committee from the Inuit Land Claims Agreement. the Department of Health and Social Services is a member of the Standing Committee on Oversight of Government Operations and Public Accounts.
At this time, the additional funding will be provided by the federal government, and as the Minister of Finance, I haven't seen the details yet.
I look forward to seeing the details. if Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami is doing a good job and they understand us, we are working with the Department of Health and Social Services.
That's the way it is.
We will be kept informed by the minister in regard to your question.
I would like to ask another question on the issue of medical travel.
Here in Iqaluit, there is an increase in the number of patients who go to the hospital and there is an increase in the number of people who go to the hospital.
I'm just wondering if the Department of Health and Social Services understands why the costs are going up.
The 5.6 percent is expected to become more expensive each year, so what are the main reasons for the increase?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. Stockley, to respond to that question.
Medical travel and medivacs are increasing every year.
The number of patients who are on medical travel is also increasing, so that could be a good thing because they are being diagnosed very early.
At the same time, tuberculosis has been a major issue in Nunavut and it is one of the most preventable diseases in Canada.
Let me give you an example.
I believe there were about 60 people that had to be medevaced to the hospital last Thursday.
There has been an increase in the number of patients being sent out on a weekly basis, but in the spring of this year, there has been an increase in the number of people who are suffering from respiratory problems.
Combined with medical travel and emergency medical travel, there has been an increase in the number of cases.
Mr. Chairman, I'm not going to get into the details, but I'm just trying to get a sense of what the reasons are for the increase.
Is it going to be good for the population of Nunavut? is it going to be good for the health of the people of Nunavut?
My question is: are we starting to catch up or are we being left behind in terms of the number of people who are sick?
I would like Deputy Minister Stockley to respond to that.
Unfortunately, the Department of Health and Social Services has one of the highest rates of overcrowding in Nunavut. overcrowding is a major health issue in Nunavut and we have made some progress, but if there is no shortage of housing, I'm sure it will improve.
We also increased the marshalling capacity at the Baffin Regional Hospital.
One of the things that we try and do is reduce the cost of medical travel.
We are moving forward.
One of the regions, for example, is the telehealth system, which is going to be used in three regions.
You will hear more about the Main Estimates for the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I look forward to working on the Main Estimates for the Department of Health and Social Services.
In terms of mental health, it's over $10.5 million.
When I look at the substantiation sheet, it doesn't say what the reason is for the increase of $10.5 million.
Are you being encouraged by your department to increase the number of people with mental health problems and what is the reason for that?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) It's both a physical assessment and a mental health assessment.
During the Fourth Legislative Assembly, the issue of suicide was raised as a matter of urgency for the government to take action.
So we're going to continue to do that and we're going to continue to do that. we don't have any training programs in place to make sure that they're identified by the doctor.
It will transform the lives of our citizens and ensure that the Members of the Legislative Assembly continue to bring this issue to the public.
My final question is in regard to the Mental Health Training Program: how many services are we providing to people who are receiving care outside of Nunavut for mental health issues?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) 64.
How is 64 more, is it less, and how does it change in the past?
We don't have that information from the past, but the numbers are increasing and if the member wants that information, we will be able to provide that information to him.
Moving on to another topic, the Qikiqtarjuaq TB study, I'm sure all of us agree that it's very encouraging to hear that.
Is it going to be in the hands of the Department of Health and Social Services or is it going to be in the other communities, or is it going to be in the smaller communities, or is it going to be in the communities?
Through you, I'll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that question.
Is the property assessment going to be done through the capital planning process?
I'm lost.
It's under capital, so I'm just wondering if I could get some clarification on that.
I would like my deputy minister, Ms. Stockley, to respond to that question.
The bulk of these assets came from the federal government.
The programs that we received from the federal government, such as Uqaqtittijii, Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, and Inuqangit.
Mr. Mayne: thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question, probably the last one.
Under the Department of Health and Social Services "Nursing Recruitment and Retention Strategy, the department has been successful in reducing the number of agency nurses.
I would like to ask, for this year's expenditures, what changes have been made to the funding formula?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Instead of using agency nurses, we are using agency nurses to provide more services to Nunavummiut.
From last year to today, we are using more agency nurses.
That's my last question.
If I get the breakdown of the $8.6 million, I would be very grateful.
Broken down by category, for the 2017-18 fiscal year, the casual staffing shortfall was $52.5 million, the casual staffing budget exceeded $45.3 million, the waiting list was $15.7 million, and the catalogue of nurses exceeded $0.1 million, a total of $8.6 million.
I just have one question in regard to the breakdown of what you're talking about, but I would like to add to Mr. Mayne's question.
I don't have the details in front of me.
If there is a nurse in Sanikiluaq who is in an emergency situation in the middle of the night and needs to be sent out, then I know that the employee has to work overtime.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I know the minister was answering questions today on what the department is doing to recruit nurses.
I'll leave it at that for now.
I would just like to say that when we look at the budget of the Department of Health, the staff, the doctors, the contractors, the mental health workers, and the travel costs are always reflected in the supplementary appropriation on an annual basis.
The number for mental health and addictions is a significant change from last year. I believe it was $6.8 million to $7.8 million in last year's supplementary appropriation.
Earlier in my Member's Statement on the budget process, the Minister of Finance indicated that they haven't made any changes at this time, but I believe that we have to make some changes.
I'm just wondering if the minister could give us an idea of how much it's going to cost and how much it's going to cost, but I'm just wondering if the minister could give us an idea of how much it's going to cost and how much it's going to cost.
That's just a comment, but I would like to hear from the minister on that.
I think that's exactly what we're looking at right now. members of the Fifth Legislative Assembly have been considering these issues and we have been having discussions with some departments, including the Department of Health and Social Services, and the Department of Justice, and they are continuing to ask for supplementary appropriations.
I'm very pleased that we're talking about this in the budget and I'm working very closely with my colleagues on this.
I'm responding to some of the health issues. since I have been the Minister of Health and Social Services, there has been a lot of attention paid to the Department of Health and Social Services.
We have to work on the main estimates in order to correct some of the mistakes that have been made, but without making any changes to the budget process, we have to recognize that we have to go through the process.
It is only through this House that we will be able to make those changes.
One of our colleagues in the Regular Members "Caucus spoke very eloquently about this issue.
I also want to make sure that we have a good working relationship as Members of the Legislative Assembly, which is something that we really need.
In 2017-18, we are facing some of the challenges that we face. I look forward to working with the Premier and our elected officials to ensure that we don't have to be in a position where we know exactly how much money was spent by departments.
I just wanted to say that and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for giving me the opportunity to speak.
Chairman (interpretation): thank you.
I applaud the minister for recognizing the need for improvement.
I just wanted to reiterate, as the Minister of Justice has indicated, that the issue of overtime is something that we have been talking about for the last three and a half years.
My question to the Minister of Human Resources is: how can the Government of Nunavut fill these positions?
If we're going to make progress in filling some of the existing positions within our organization, if we're going to fill some of the weaknesses that we have, Mr. Mayne talked about the challenges that we have in the government in terms of burnout and health issues for some of our employees, then we need to take a step back and look at how we can move forward in filling those positions.
In terms of overtime, I would like to find out more as we move forward where the priorities are and what the initiatives are so that we can look forward to what we can do.
That was just a comment.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have one question in regard to the mental health and addictions contract. in the fourth paragraph, it states that the Department of Justice pays for medical travel. is that included in the $10.5 million?
I'll make it brief, yes to the members.
Mr. Lyall, do you have any further questions?
My final question is for Mr. Mayne and Mr. Hickes.
My last question is in regard to the Nursing Recruitment and Retention Strategy. the $8.6 million deficit is just an indication of $143 million to $151 million to $8.6 million.
Is that for all the salaries and benefits of the department?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Yes, those are for compensation and benefits.
Mr. Lyall: thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Is this $151 million 100 percent accurate?
It's a $25 million increase in salaries.
I don't think the funding has ever been at 100 percent.
I think that's what we're trying to do. we're asking for $8.6 million in the main estimates for compensation and benefits. I think that's the closest we can get.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. it's not 100 percent accurate in our financial statements. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
When it's just around the corner, it lists a lot of things.
Moving on to the minister's opening comments on page 4, the department's budget for medical travel is $63.8 million for the 2017-18 fiscal year.
I'm just wondering why the money was set aside in the 2016-17 fiscal year?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. I don't have that information in front of me.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lyall, we're trying to deal with 2016-17, not 2017-18.
I'll keep that in mind for 2016-17, but I'll leave it at that.
I was asking about the medical travel budget last year. I would like to know what the department will be allocating for the 2018-19 fiscal year.
Mr. Akeeagok may not have the figures for 2017-18. (interpretation ends) Hon. Minister, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) In May, we will be discussing the budget for the 2018-19 fiscal year. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We are voting on the interim appropriation for 2017-18. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Again, in the budget, there is a problem with the funding that the minister has provided. there are a lot of different things that have been done on an annual basis and it should be in place in the next fiscal year, so I will be making a formal request to the Department of Health and Social Services for the O and M budget.
So I don't want to see the House continue to see additional funding every year.
It will remain the same as it used to be, so I would like to get more details from the Department of Operations and Maintenance at that time.
That's just a comment.
Chairman (interpretation): Mr. Qirngnuq, do you have a question?
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to ask a question in regard to travel. (interpretation ends) In English, (interpretation) for the third bullet, (interpretation ends) air ambulance, (interpretation) there has been an increase from last year. (interpretation ends) Hon. Minister, (interpretation) I would like to get clarification. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What the member is referring to is that the number of people who have to travel to the health centre has gone up. there has been an increase in the number of people who have to go to the hospital.
However, there is an increase in the number of patients who have to travel for medical reasons.
Mr. Mikkungwak, do you have a question?
I'm sorry, I thought you had your hand up.
We are on Health and Social Services. operations and Maintenance.
We're done with the $43,100,000. if you go down to the bottom, the total department is $49 million.
Not Previously Authorized.
Go back to page 2. supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. schedule 1. operations and Maintenance. total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $56,602,000.
Go to Bill 3 in your legislation binder.
I'm sorry, let me go back in time.
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-18.
Chairman (interpretation): go to Schedule on page 2. supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2017-2018. vote 1: operations and Maintenance. total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $56,602,000. agreed?
Clause 4. agreed?
Chairman (interpretation): clause 5. do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): do members agree to Bill 3 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 3 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have closing remarks?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I would like to take this opportunity to thank the members for their questions on the budget allocation for the upcoming fiscal year.
With that, we will be able to make some changes to the budget.
Before we go on to the next bill, I would like to ask that the bill be thrown out.
I would like to thank him for his good work and now he will be able to stand up.
Chairman (interpretation): thank you. did you want someone else to bring in?
Sergeant-at-arms, please escort the witness out.
Moving on in our orders of the day, Bill 4.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed with your opening comments.
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I am pleased to appear before you today to present Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-2018, No. 4.
Through this bill, the government is requesting an additional $96,000 for 2017-18.
This supplementary appropriation will provide the Department of Community and Government Services with a non-cash benefit of $96,000 in interest rate adjustments during negotiations with the Nunavut Construction Corporation for the Legislative Assembly building, as well as nine Government of Nunavut offices across Nunavut.
I would be pleased to answer any questions or comments you may have.
Are there any general comments on the minister's opening comments?
This is the first time that I have been involved in this. I would like to understand why we have to do this.
Can the Department of Community and Government Services find its own capital budget?
One of the things that needs to be spelled out in the financial statements is the interest rate. we're trying to make it as transparent as possible.
The interest rates were higher than expected. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-2018, No. 4. community and Government Services. not Previously Authorized. total Community and Government Services. $96,000. do you agree?
Go to page 2.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-18, No. 4. schedule 1. capital Appropriation. $96,000. do you agree?
Go to Bill 4 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-18. clause 1. do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): clause 2. do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): go to Schedule on page 2.
Schedule. supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Fiscal Year 2018. vote 2.
Capital Expenditures. total Capital Expenditures. $96,000.
Clause 4. do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): do members agree to Bill 4 as a whole?
Chairman: do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 4 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing remarks?
On behalf of the Auditor General of Canada and the Department of Finance, I would like to thank all of you for approving this non-cash item.
Chairman (interpretation): thank you.
Sergeant-at-arms, please escort the witnesses out.
We have concluded our Committee of the Whole. at this time, I would like to recognize the clock and report progress to the Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): going to the orders of the day.
Mr. Rumbolt.
Your committee has been considering Bills 2, 3, and 4 and would like to report that Bills 2, 3, and 4 are concluded and are ready for third reading.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the Report of the Committee of the Whole be agreed to.
Mr. Mayne, thank you.
All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Item 21.
Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Third Reading
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Aggu, that Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018, be read for the third time.
To the motion.
Speaker (interpretation): all those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
The motion is carried and Bill 2 is ready for assent.
Third Reading of Bills.
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Third Reading
I have a seconder...
It's a long day.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, that Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018, be read for the third time.
The motion is carried and Bill 3 is ready for assent.
Item 21, Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet South, that Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018, be read for the third time. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): all those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Thank you. the motion is carried and Bill 4 is ready for assent.
Mr. Clerk, can you ascertain if the Commissioner of Nunavut is prepared to enter the Chamber to give assent to bills.
Assent to Bills
Commissioner Nellie Kusugak (interpretation): members, please be seated.
Welcome.
As Commissioner of Nunavut, I am pleased to give assent to the following bills.
Bill 1, Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 2, 2018 -19;
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018;
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-18; and
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-18.
It has been a few months since I made a commitment to you to become a Member of the Legislative Assembly.
Since then, you have worked hard to create new jobs for Nunavummiut and Nunavummiut.
Tomorrow is the start of spring. on June 20, we expect that it will be a good day for the people of Nunavut.
As a result, I hereby prorogue the Fifth Session of the First Legislative Assembly and all members will reconvene at 1: 30 p.m. tomorrow for the opening of the Second Session.
Speaker (interpretation): thank you. (interpretation ends) Before we go to Item 22, I have an announcement to make.
As the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Chair of the Order of Nunavut, I am very proud to take this opportunity to announce this year's recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
On January 1, 2010, the Nunavut Integrity Act came into force.
It is meant to recognize individuals who have worked very hard and dedicated themselves to Nunavummiut and to our communities.
The Order of Nunavut is the highest honour of all recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
To date, there have been 15 recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
These individuals have been recognized for their hard work and personal contributions to a wide range of areas, including public service broadcasting, education, language advocacy, various leadership roles, and economic development.
I am particularly proud to announce two recipients of the Order of Nunavut this year, Ms. Betty Brewster and Mr. Ludy Pudluk.
I am very pleased that we are able to have Mr. Pudluk in the house with us.
Welcome, Mr. Pudluk.
As members are aware, Betty Brewster is well known as an interpreter for many years.
In 2016, she was also recognized for her work and dedication to the work of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit.
Mr. Pudluk, who was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of service, Mr. Pudluk represented the High Arctic communities and played a key role in the development of Nunavut.
I am pleased to announce that we will be undertaking the accreditation process for Ms. Brewster and Mr. Pudluk during the spring 2018 sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
The award ceremony will be held in the Legislative Assembly and will be televised across Nunavut.
I am very proud to announce that Commissioner Nellie Kusugak will be the recipient of the Order of Nunavut. I anticipate that all Members of the Legislative Assembly will be able to join us on this exciting day.
We will now go back to the orders of the day.
Item 22, Orders of the Day.
Orders of the Day for March 20:
Opening Address
This House stands adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, 2018, at 1: 30 p.m.
> > Committee adjourned at 19: 25
Hon. David Akeeagok
Hon. Pat Angnakak
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for Elders "Advocates; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialak
Minister of Justice; Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation; Minister responsible for the Status of Women; Minister of Human Resources
George Hickes
Hon. David Joanasie
Minister of Culture and Heritage; Minister of Education; Minister of Languages; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Joelie Quirke
Meilah Kamingoak
Hon. Quassa Kusugak
Minister of Community and Government Services; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Adam Lyall
Ark Mayne
(Arviat North-Whale Cove)
Simeon Mikkungwak
Margaret Nakashuk
Patterk Netser
EmilEmiliano Qirngnuq
(Netsilik)
Hon. Paul Quassa
Deputy Premier; Minister of Family Services; Minister responsible for Homelessness; Minister responsible for Immigration
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik
Government House Leader; Minister of Economic Development and Transportation; Minister of Energy; Minister of Environment
Qallunaaaq Towtongie
The Action Reverend at the Cathedral is visiting Nunavut
"the whole north is now connected to what is happening tonight"
"Rodney Howard Brown, Reverend Evyagotailak from Florida, is ordained in Iqaluit on August 27."
(photographer Thomas Rojas)
Besson Thomas Rubino Nunatsiaq News
"a religious priest from Iqaluit who is better known for his actions, climate change sceptics and the economy of the country will be abolishing the Catholic Church in Iqaluit on August 27."
"Rodney Harvard-Brown, a Saudi citizen from South Africa who moved to JustGiving, told the delegates here in Thompson Bay about a year ago that some of the world's most vulnerable people had been exposed to cholera and drank the human blood that was given to them."
He was stuck for over an hour at the Iqaluit church for over 100 people.
But their information is not public.
"the whole north now relates to what happened last night.
"so if you want the light (in the air), please stand here (at the church table), or you can leave."
"it's up to you," H-Brown said after two and a half hours of work. "
Approximately 50 people attended the event.
"I didn't fly thousands of miles to go to the games.
"I did not come here to be popular, and I did not come here to seek permission from you... Please remember: Jesus died of a heart attack, he asked people to leave the room."
"attendance was higher among children, youth and elders."
"inside the church of the Christian Anglican Church near Iqaluit's Rookie Noir, children run in the middle of the seats."
"on the outside, the church and Max are facing each other on both sides of the parking lot, while they are facing Ted Doug Lake."
"Hak-Brown's Reverend was a member of the Framework of the Bill Poverty Reduction Association's Arctic Hope Project, in Ottawa."
The Nunavut Association of Municipalities did not respond to the Northwest Territories Development Corporation's request for information on this issue.
"Mr. Iqaqrialu's performance, which ranked 119th out of 300 scheduled community events, began after an hour of events."
"first of all, the Iqaluit Church Choir launched this evening in Iqaluit shortly after the sergeant-at-arms of the Reverend Louis Arreak, who helped to start the Christian Christ Church."
"Eric Gauthier, a fellow Reverend of the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Church in Iqaluit, made a 40-minute speech about the president."
"Louis Arreak, Iqaluit's drummer and singer, is singing before Rodney Howard Brown."
(photo from the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth; Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth; Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth)
"God loves someone who gives so much."
Mr. Clendenning asked the attendees to submit their email addresses to the registrar and to follow the H-1B (Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit).
He donated the vouchers to Howard Brown's Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
"and also the tabling of Howard Brown's upcoming book, the Kitikmeot Plan, he says that it addresses the problems that have occurred in the economy over the past 200 years."
"this is about someone who doesn't like Cruz, that's exactly what he's talking about," Garfield says.
Mr. Speaker, the Kitikmeot Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Symposium has been held for over 18 minutes in Qikiqtarjuaq. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
"towards the end of the video, Howard Brown prayed that those who gave money to the church of God would be given something for the soul of the church that they had protected."
"God loves the people who give so much," Howard Brown said in his video.
Garia was very proud of her parents at the end of the film.
"one is making a joke and one is putting it together and together we are celebrating the vegetables, so if you put a ring on it, it goes to the church and it goes to your account."
This is appalling. "
"he's putting them in a bag and telling these people that we don't have the ability to" get the best gift for them, "whether it's money, money or money for them to go to REM Canada, using a credit card or a cell phone."
"I keep telling people, the biggest budget item is not to go to the cheeses or the new phones... please use them for church promotion and soul healing."
Is that what he's saying? "
A lot of people filled out the form and put it in the box and put it in the blue for the summer season.
Some of them are just looking for other items and they're holding the bag.
There is one woman who lives in Iqaluit and it doesn't have anything to do with her.
One of the causes of poverty in many countries is the fact that more than half of Nunavut's population is on income support despite issues such as food security and the lack of adequate housing.
"Howard Brown did not respond to an interview request from Nunatsiaq News, so it is unclear how much money he made."
Their income is not kept secret by anyone but their website says that it builds capacity in 158 sites.
It also states that people who want to participate in the Airline Assistance Program are eligible for income tax deductions.
Garfield said he wanted the attendees to put their hands up and hold their awards at the Rebel Church.
"dad, we thank you for this award, and we thank you for being a representative of the soul, let's get it into our bank account," Garfield says.
Three Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit positions were filled.
Rodney Howard Brown tells the woman on top of his hand that he's going to touch her.
Reverend Patterk Netser is a friend of mine
"the Reverend Ezekiel is already very much based in Nunavut, with an escort in most of the communities."
"thick conferences are held every year and, in the middle of the 21st century, the numbers continue to rise."
"one person who is involved in these types of conferences, Roger Armbruster, told Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that these conferences are very vocal on issues such as the damage to people's lives as a result of violence and abuse."
But the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit and Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit model may be a new model for Nunavut.
"Patterk Netser, a long-time advocate for Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit and now Nunavut Minister of Housing and Nunavut Arctic College, has been called Hak-Brown's" friend "and he has told her that climate change is not real."
"Mr. Netser did not want to be interviewed for an interview with the Nunatsiaq News but he said," Ronnie is a good friend of mine and we talk to each other. ""
"when asked to respond to Howard Brown's numerous media attacks, which have also suggested that the United States Department of Justice should shoot down an American law that is unfair, Mr. Netser says," I am not responsible for what is happening in the United States. "
My main concern is for my constituents and Nunavummiut. "
"Rodney Howard Brown, Reverend Evelyn Fitzgerald from Florida, is charged in Iqaluit on August 27. (photo by Thomas Romanow)"
"it's going to be a light night on the ice"
"after an hour of action, Howard Brown - a key witness - went to the priest's table."
"tonight the light will be on the ice," the Reverend says to more than 100 people, most of whom are Inuit, of different ages. "
"if you don't want the light, just run to the door as much as you can."
"in an hour, Howard Brown's voice gets loud and loud."
He would tell us what was going to happen and he would tell us what was going to happen.
"I know that I don't feel like I'm from Africa, that's why my parents used to keep me in the house, never let me out," he says with a laugh.
"Moses was the first person in the office (Taptuna).
The first one broke down and he had to go back and pick up another one.
And Adamie and Evie were the first ones to make Amber's artwork. "
"Howard Brown used to be well known, for a reason, for making jokes at meetings where the guests were laughing."
"the grandson of a brother who was approached when he was two years old, he was laughing for 12 minutes without moving," H-Brown says.
Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuqangit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuqangit Qaujimajatuqangit, etc.
Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, and Inuqangit.
"Mr. Arreak, who is from Iqaluit and is a singer who helped with this event, made members laugh when he was in charge."
"this is not a funeral, why are people sad?"
H-Brown says.
Mr. Arreak is laughing.
"we are serving Jesus and he is alive."
Mr. Arreak has a sore throat.
"I like this Reverend," he says to Mr. Arreak, and his throat is getting louder. "
Howard Brown has a laugh with the others and it's just a little bit of a sore throat.
"we are very happy.
"enjoy your time in the water, from the water tanks to the sky."
Mr. Arreak's glasses came out of his mouth and he was sitting at the top of the building.
"this is real.
No one will be arrested this evening. "
"Mr. Arreak, the Nunatsiaq News says that he doesn't want to speak to the media, so he's laughing again."
"Howard Brown and he also spoke in plain language, he said that the language used to be understood in the aboriginal language of this Papua New Guinea priest."
"Mon-G" -Pinasuaqtavut.
"Randy Kemp-Goliath," he says.
I would like to invite Rodney Howard Browne to appear in front of the congregation so that they can get some kind of light out of the house.
Some of them are not laughing.
But many of them don't like Howard Brown's advice and don't think it's funny.
All of a sudden there were people who were going out without warning.
"without touching any of the people who were in attendance, Howard Brown made a lot of complaints about two people before they left."
"where are you going Mr. Puqiqnak?
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Haha!
Are you out? "
Howard Brown says to one man in silence when he leaves the church.
"they came in and took a couple of pictures and put them on the phone."
You're a reporter for the daily news? "
The people in attendance were laughing.
"I don't know what it would be like if I grab him and bring him back... to find out the money and why he's taking pictures and why he's leaving," he says to one of his staff.
"asked to enter the Reverend's room after the Reverend, Howard Brown suddenly grabbed the two women in the seats next to him because they didn't like his look."
"have you been alive again?
"what are you, Jeremiah Walters?"
The guests are laughing.
"I have never seen people sitting at the bottom of the table who have not changed.
"so you can shout at someone else, or maybe you're better than someone else."
When the two women stood up, they decided to leave.
"I'm just trying to ask a question.
"that's what I do, it's my job."
I know what the body is like.
You don't have anything to do with me.
It's not a laughing matter.
The whole north now relates to what happened last night. "
Event staff are telling attendees not to take photos or recordings of the event.
"however, these people took pictures of the whole event."
I would like to direct my question to the Minister responsible for the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth. I would like to direct my question to the Minister responsible for Community and Government Services.
"the images from the Rebel Church in Iqaluit that I have on my website show a number of people in attendance where their faces are no longer what they used to be - their faces are bare, their mouths are open, or they are on the floor."
Madame Ham-Brown is holding her hand and she is crying on the floor below the table.
"in front of him, Howard Brown and his team are going to make an impact on the lives of couples."
This event was originally intended for St. Jude.
"this event was originally intended to be here at St. Jude's Anglican Church in Iqaluit, but it was changed."
"this change was replaced by an invitation from Howard Brown, who is the secretary of St. Joamie says."
"David Parsons, the Anglican Bishop of the North, said he didn't know that Howard Brown was going to be the Bishop of St. Jude."
"if he had known, he says he would have stopped it because Howard Brown seemed to be going too far."
"as a result, the local Anglican Church did not comply with the requirements for approval by the Bishop for the event," Parsons says.
"the Anglican Church's role is to ensure that there is a level of sensitivity, and they deal with other church practices," Parsons says.
"but there is a lot of trust in each other, and it doesn't deal with things that wouldn't suit the religion and the people who go to church there."
Howard Brown's way of dealing with it seems to be the other way around.
"I am not here for people who believe in what they want to achieve.
"if Christianity was to happen in the winter, it would have happened in the north," he says to the attendees.
"I don't come for an invitation.
"in terms of need... if you have a good light, you have to be receptive."
"with a lack of attendance, Canada is quietly launching a new Northern Policy Document"
The Liberal Party says this new policy represents a "huge change in direction"
"a lot of fuel grew up in Bathurst Inlet, Nunavut."
"when the federal government was going to be announcing the nomination, the Liberal government came up with a long awaited northern policy framework."
(photo courtesy of the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth)
Besson Jim Bell
"the day before the national election campaign began, the Liberal government, with little presence, launched a long awaited Northern and Northern Policy Statement on September 10."
"this document, which lays out the first steps in the continuation of the event, will replace former Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper's 2009 Northern Strategy and the Harper government's 2010 Statement on Canada's Northern foreign policy."
This is designed to guide federal policy in the north until 2030 - but there is no implementation plan or political direction for future action.
"in terms of the work that will be done on the second phase, the action plan states."
"in spite of these events, this initiative from Caroline Barnabas, Minister of Government - Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development, indicated that this policy document represents a" significant change of direction for the federal government. "
The introduction of this policy is far behind what was expected.
"this winter, Mr. Barnabas stated that this policy will be introduced in June."
CBC news reported earlier this month that a news conference in Yellowknife in August had been cancelled.
"in the Liberal policy there are eight" goals, "which include goals, and 10 (10)" principles. "
"it addresses a wide range of policy issues, including community and regional economic development, housing development, aboriginal rights, environmental protection, national security and foreign policy."
"this is Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, on December 20, 2016, when he announced that his government wanted to put in place new policies, he strongly stated that it would be a" strategic partnership "between the northern governments and aboriginal groups."
"as a result, more than 25 aboriginal organizations, including the Government of Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, the Yukon, Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador, participated in the reconciliation process."
"through the Framework for Provincial and Territorial Policy Action, our partners helped us to understand and raise awareness of the untapped opportunities and opportunities of different regions, responsibilities and land rights in the north," Mr. Barnabas said in a press release.
"and some of the partners also wrote their terms of reference, which were published in a separate policy document."
Some of the comments do not mention federal policy.
"for example, the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, the Government of Nunavut, the Government of the Northwest Territories and the three territorial governments have issued a joint statement of their own."
However, there are a number of activities that are taking place.
These documents that have been submitted to the tribunal may not be able to represent the federal government's policy.
This is a sign that the federal government may be in a conflict of interest with more than 31 parties.
"while this action document is part of the action plan, it does not necessarily reflect the views of the federal government or other partners," the action document said.
The document also states that the approval process was challenging.
"ideas, actions and goals and aspirations are a forum for a wide range of ideas and ideas."
This means that there is an agreement between the federal government and aboriginal groups when we are seeking approval. "
You can find a link to the Northern Policy that I am tabling here.
8 goals
"here are eight goals in action, to show the federal government's commitment."
"a strong, sustainable, diversified and sustainable community and regional economy."
• Canada's northern and northern indigenous peoples have the right to remain active and healthy.
• Canada's north and the north where Inuit live in a safe and secure environment.
• A stronger department to address inequality in other parts of the country. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Mr. Speaker. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
• Legislation relies on the Arctic as a valuable resource for new activities and opportunities.
• Knowledge and understanding of the guidelines for decision-making.
• Canada's northern and northern energy needs to be healthy and persistent.
Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit is helping to maintain and build trust between aboriginal and non-aboriginal people.
These goals begin with a variety of "projects" that have been re-defined.
10 Principles
"in order to achieve these goals and objectives, the policy document sets out the principles under which it is designed to" continue to guide the implementation of the mandate ":
"decisions about the north will be made by working together and the people of the north will be included, when the rights are shown, the needs and the interests of the north."
"the rights and positions of the federal, provincial, aboriginal and local governments will be carefully considered."
"adaptation must be a tool and a source of trust, social, cultural, economic and environmental thinking."
"to be able to meet with aboriginal people on an ongoing basis, using the work of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission as a starting point, would be a great achievement."
"while climate change is a serious issue in this land, action will be taken by a wide range of stakeholders, including the impact on aboriginal people, who continue to use the land and wildlife as a cultural, economic and food source."
"the policy and program will be a symbol of diversity and equality, as well as for the use of resources such as the Women's / Men's Equipment Assessment (GRA), which will be used to measure the potential impact of various aspects of society."
"this is a program that takes into account a wide range of principles such as rights, incentives and conditions for Inuit, northern First Nations and Métis to be respected, validated and implemented."
"the Government of Canada recognizes that Inuit, First Nations and Métis peoples of Canada, through distinction, have the right to know their communities, have their own history, including the federal government."
"work to work together based on the rights, respect, and cooperation that are required to reflect the needs, priorities and circumstances of each individual."
"all organizations, from the private sector to universities and colleges, including non-profit groups, community groups and independent Canadians, have an important role to play in building a stronger Canadian Arctic."
The candidate for Nunavut Contractors is endorsing a carbon tax as a way to raise the cost of "everything."
Leona Aglukkaq talks about the nomination process for Nunavut
"Leona Aglukkaq, a candidate for the Nunavut Contracting Appeals Board, shows me a link to President Andrew Snell growing up in Iqaluit's Sylvia Grinnell Park when he visited the city on June 19."
(photographer Emma Toronto)
Buddy Emma Daniels
"the Nunavut Contractors" candidate says that if the Conservative government were to become a government, it would eliminate the carbon tax because it "increases the cost of everything."
Leona Aglukkaq began the campaign for Nunavut's decentralization.
The Nunavut Solicitor General began her campaign in Iqaluit with an event on September 12 at the Frobisher Inn.
He then flew to Rankin Inlet the next day before returning to Iqaluit next week.
Nunatsiaq News had the opportunity to speak with Ms. Aglukkaq while she was in Iqaluit.
"this" carbon tax "increases the cost of air travel, shopping, transport, hunting and homeownership," says Aglukkaq's campaign poster.
Ms. Aglukkaq also pointed out to the Nunatsiaq News that this tax has a negative impact on daycare facilities and elders "homes as a result of the increase in heating costs.
"all of the products are affected by this smoke tax."
Ms. Aglukkaq says.
"this is a carbon tax when we can't afford to pay for it. it's like a brain building that can't speak."
"however, George Hickes, the Nunavut Minister of Finance, announced in May that under an agreement with Ottawa, electricity and aviation fuel in Nunavut have been exempt from this tax."
The Government of Nunavut and its subsidiaries pay half of the carbon tax in Nunavut.
"Aglukkaq's campaign for Nunavut has four priorities: higher pay, housing, mental health and job creation."
"how can we as a government and the private sector and the Government of Nunavut work together to address this huge housing need across the north?"
"the Housing Aglukkaq campaign's first priority is to develop an action plan that includes the provision of housing assistance, elders" housing and disabled housing. "
"the Federal and Territorial Governments should also consider incentives for homeownership, Mr. Okalik."
Ms. Aglukkaq also mentioned northern resource development and mental health training for Nunavummiut.
"Nunavut is a large coastal community in Canada and we are still left behind in the need for marine resources in our communities, so we have to think about big things like this in the north," he says.
"we need to address the housing needs, equip Nunavummiut with mental health services so that we can help our communities."
"when asked if she would lobby the federal government on the Nutrition North Canada Program, Ms. Aglukkaq noted that the carbon tax has increased the cost of food by increasing the cost of transportation."
"when he was asked if he would consider using this program, and if not, what he would do other than the carbon tax, he said that he would talk to the Arctic Council."
"he said that if the Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated became a government, this board would always be there."
"it is very important that we have people from the north who can tell the government how to improve the program.
This is not a very good project.
Not everything is perfect in the world.
But there has to be a subsidy for northern food. "
"Ms. Aglukkaq did not want to be specific about how she would advise the Nutrition North Canada Program, but she said that there should be a subsidy for food and that the" elimination "would not help."
"recently, a study published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal found that food is more difficult in Nunavut under the Nutrition North Canada Program, as outlined in the Canadian Community Health Survey."
"Ms. Aglukkaq said that her experience as the Minister of Environment would contribute to climate change and the reduction of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, but she didn't really say how she was going to do it."
He stated that he would support the Kivalliq Renewable Resource Centre and the Green Bay Road and the Kitikmeot port.
"are we going to be able to run out of fuel as soon as possible?
"no," he says.
"when the Conservative Party President Andrew Shell came to Iqaluit last June, he said that Nunavut needs to set up a recycling program, which he said was" very difficult "under the current Liberal government."
Ms. Aglukkaq stated that she believes that the policies have already been put in place to consult with Inuit in the recycling industry and it is not clear that they will be put in place at this time.
"the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement provides information on how private businesses should be dealt with in the north. the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, in my opinion, will be an important part of the environmental plan."
"it protects our land, it protects our water, it protects our wildlife."
"it has already been set out in terms of what work needs to be done.
It has also become a very important part of the legal system and we have to be very proud of it.
"and the decisions about the north must come from the people of the north, not from Ottawa."
"Ms. Aglukkaq left the headquarters to go to Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on September 19," her office said.
"he also plans to travel to Pangnirtung, Qikiqtarjuaq and Clyde River before travelling to the Kivalliq and Kitikmeot regions."
The Standing Committee will be looking for a new Nunavut Languages Commissioner
Holland Klengenberg has a career in health care
"the Nunavut Legislative Assembly will soon be looking for a new Nunavut Languages Commissioner, following Helen Klengenberg's retirement."
Mr. Klengenberg has served as the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut since the beginning of 2017.
B-Nunatsiaq News
"the Nunavut Legislative Assembly will soon be looking for a new Languages Commissioner, following the resignation of Helen Klengenberg from this position."
"Mr. Klengenberg, who served as Nunavut's Languages Commissioner starting in June 2017, resigned recently due to health issues."
"this Languages Commissioner is the Official Languages Commissioner of Nunavut and she has to report to the Legislative Assembly, so it is now up to the Members of the Legislative Assembly to replace her."
"that would be done by the Management and Services Board, which is the Standing Committee of the Legislative Assembly that is responsible for the Department of Justice's operations," Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a brief statement on September 17. "
"I think that the Management and Services Board will begin the recruitment process in the near future and we will make an announcement if necessary on an interim basis," Mr. Mikkungwak said.
"the Languages Commissioner's job, under the mandate of the Official Languages Act, is to act as the Official Languages Commissioner of Nunavut."
"Klengenberg was appointed in 2017 after a long search for almost a year, following the sudden resignation of Sandra Inutiq in June 2016."
Inutiq resigned from his position earlier this month after a report on the Qikiqtani General Hospital indicated that the hospital does not have a language policy and does not provide services in Inuktitut and French for unilingual patients.
He also stated that the Deputy Minister of Health had applied for a full year's worth of documentation for the study.
"after that, the Standing Committee made an advertisement for the position three times prior to the appointment of Mr. Kattuk."
"in 2017, the Languages Commissioner's position was paid in the range of $119,000 to $170,000 a year, north of $15,016 a year, with 25 days of annual leave and other benefits."
Canadian Inuit Association to expand action in Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami's campaign priorities included reducing inequality, building infrastructure, Inuit entrepreneurship."
Canadian Inuit representatives are interested in a broader investment strategy for Inuit land that "can be matched by the development of a national road or rail link from Canada's east to the west."
The Canadian Inuit Association issued a strong message to anyone in Canada who is running for the federal government: start a major national partnership with the Inuit of Nunavut "that can be matched by the development of a national road or rail link between Canada's east and west."
"in support of this, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami released nine statements on the priorities of parliamentary candidates that are currently being considered by the federal government during the campaign."
"Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit is one of the most undeveloped communities in Canada.
"Inuit are using discrimination against other Canadians, as well as other Canadians in the Inuit community," Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami said in a press release.
"in addition to this, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami also released a list of what they would like to see in the next federal budget in 2020, which is likely to be released in February or March."
The Auditor General has strongly recommended that the next Government of Canada continue its implementation of the Inuit Land Claims Agreement on Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami calls on all levels of government to have a role to play in implementing Inuit land policy across the political spectrum, so that Inuit have access to and benefit from policies, programs and activities intended to help our people," Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami President Nathan Spring said in a press release.
All two documents contain the following key demands:
• Implementation of all 51 Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit communities using Pauktuutit (Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit) information technology before the end of 2031.
• Strengthening business disputes with the Inuit of Nunavut before the end of 2030.
• Strengthening the housing backlog in all four Inuit communities over the next two years.
• Strengthening the use of correctional facilities.
• Strengthening family violence shelters and temporary housing.
• Increase funding for people with mental illness and suicide prevention.
The nine identified Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami language priorities are as follows:
1.
Work on Inuuuqatigiitsiarniq and suicide prevention.
Item 2.
Work on housing to ensure that all people on the waiting list are able to live in the community for at least two years after they are elected.
Item 3.
"to deal with the issue of energy and climate, we need to make sure that there is no more Canadian gas coming into the world before 2050."
Item 4.
Work to strengthen Inuit-federal relations.
Item 5.
"work on building industry and economic independence, starting with the creation of a Northern Infrastructure Assistance Program, which will be available in all four Inuit communities, starting with a contribution of $1 billion."
Item 6.
Work to make education programs more equitable for Inuit and non-Inuit.
Item 7.
"implement a code of conduct for contributions to the national inquiry into missing and murdered aboriginal women, including 46 Inuit specific legal obligations."
Item 8.
Dealing with food insecurity and food insecurity.
Item 9.
Work to advance Inuit interests in science.
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has a tradition of not dealing with regional issues, and none of the Members of the Legislative Assembly have supported it."
"on the last day of the CBC Canada survey, from September 20, the Liberal Party of Canada and the Conservative Party of Canada were on the same scale."
"this election survey, which is a compilation of all the public surveys compiled, suggests that the current Conservative Party has 34.7 percent support, the Liberal Party is at 34.1 percent, the New Hampshire Party is at 13.5 percent, and the Green Party is at 9.6 percent, the Black Bloc is at 4.4 percent, and the Liberal Party is at 2.8 percent."
The Electoral Boundaries Commission and what it says is that the Liberals have a better chance of getting a majority of seats.
"the federal election will be held here on Monday, October 21."
Nunavut has a new polar bear management plan: Nunavut Wildlife Management Board (NWMB)
"we are going to do what we can to make sure that this happens before the polar bear season."
"Nunavut's new polar bear management plan sets out a balance between male and female polar bears in all of Nunavut's polar bear populations," said the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board.
(photographer Jane George)
B-Jane George
Cambridge Bay - Government of Nunavut agrees to a new polar bear management plan.
This was brought to the attention of the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board members at the Kitikmeot Wildlife Management Board meeting in Cambridge Bay last week.
"the beginning of this new polar bear management plan is a balanced harvest of male and female polar bears in Nunavut. this is what the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board Chairperson, Dan Shewchuk, said to the delegates."
"the meeting in Cambridge Bay is the first of three regional meetings of the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board and Jason Akeeagok, who is the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board's executive director, would like to attend."
Mr. Akeeagok said the polar bear management plan was a "great deal of work."
"we are going to do what we can to make sure that this happens before the polar bear season," he says.
"this plan has been under consideration for almost five years, and it was discussed in the planning stages last March at the Iqaluit Nunavut Wildlife Management Board's meeting."
The plan will be in place until 2029.
This Arnaqtuq polar bear is sitting in the water near Arctic Bay while the four caribou are watching.
"under the new polar bear management plan, polar bear calving would be banned in all three communities."
(photo photographer Nirie Iqalukjuaq)
"in all the northern regions of the world there are 19 polar bears, 12 more in Nunavut."
Polar bear quotas have been established by region (e.g. only male polar bears) from these polar bears - and the killing of polar bears is included in the annual quota for the communities that are set up.
"although this new plan will not increase the total allowable harvest at this time, a new total allowable harvest may be considered when new data is collected."
"in the original plan, Nunavut communities were allowed to harvest one female or two male polar bears through an annual polar bear tagging program."
"this was done only in the Baffin Bay polar bear population, where there is a balance between females and males, but under the new plan, it will not matter whether the polar bear population in Nunavut is male or female but it has to be balanced."
At the end of the day, they would be provided with a poster.
This new standardized male / female polar bear quota allows for community polar bear protection to be carried out as required.
"the presence of polar bears in the communities has been a concern in Nunavut since the death of two polar bears in the Kivalliq last year - however, under the current management plan, the protection of the polar bear and if it is a female, then two tags will be used."
As a result, some communities no longer have tags to protect the polar bear population.
"this new plan allows communities to reduce the importation of polar bears, as Mr. Shewchuk pointed out in the Nunatsiaq News."
"but he had previously stated that polar bears are a threat to Inuit culture and way of life, because they damage cabins, birds and seals."
Those who attended the meeting in Cambridge Bay welcomed the changes to the polar bear management plan.
Members were also pleased to note that Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit will have five more tags for grizzly bears.
There was a large Akullaq that was seen and shot and this one is too close to a lot of houses here in Manitoba.
"on the other hand, with this new polar bear management plan they may have a different idea."
"polar bears" future is uncertain because of climate change, according to a 2018 study by the Standing Committee on the type of species that may be lost in Canada (COWE).
It means that polar bears are at risk or at risk of being lost due to a combination of factors that affect their survival and specific threats.
The Nunavut Standing Committee extended the deadline for submission of Bill 25 to the Committee of the Whole.
The Standing Committee will be receiving comments until 5: 00 p.m. on October 11.
"John Mayne, Chair of the Standing Committee on Legislation, stated that the Standing Committee will extend the public interest in this Bill 25 and that the Standing Committee will carefully review the Act."
Besma Toronto
"the Nunavut Legislative Assembly's Standing Committee on Legislation will continue to receive comments from the public on Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, until October 11."
They were the last ones to receive comments on September 13.
"my colleagues and I would like to thank Nunavummiut for their input in writing this important piece of legislation," Committee Chairperson John Mayne said on Thursday, September 26 in a press release.
Individuals were invited to submit documents to the Standing Committee on Legislation when Bill 25 was introduced during the Legislative Assembly's spring session in June.
Second Reading of Bills were passed and referred to the Standing Committee for review.
"the Standing Committee met in mid-September to review the Act, as well as the Inuit contributions made to it."
The standing committee also announced that it will be extending its review of Bill 25 to the fall sitting of the Legislative Assembly so that it can be televised for two weeks at the end of November.
"the Minister of Education and his guests will be attending the Standing Committee's hearings, which will allow Nunavummiut to view what we are doing," Mayne said in a press release.
"the intent of Bill 25 is to implement, for 20 years (20), this Inuktitut curriculum in schools from kindergarten to grade 12."
"at the same time, the Act would establish the Inuit Language Protection Act as part of the Education Act, and extend the deadline for the implementation of bilingual education in grades 4 to 12 in a set of measures that expire on July 1, 2039."
"detailed observations and actions of the Committee's inquiry will be made available in the near future," the press release said.
"the Standing Committee on Legislation will meet again this fall on Thursday, October 17."
"comments will be received until 5: 00 pm on Friday, October 11."
All comments on the grants and contributions will be made public when they are discussed in the House during the fall session.
Comments to the letter can be directed to:
"John Mayne, MLA"
"chair, Standing Committee on Legislation"
Nunavut Legislative Assembly
Box 1200
"Iqaluit, Nunavut"
X0A 0H0
Phone: (867) 975-5000
Fax: (867) 975-5191
Website: www.assembly.nu.ca @ assembly.nu.ca
Inuktitut Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Qaujimajatuqangit - Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit - Inuit Qaujimajatuqang
The contribution we make today to our children and future generations
The Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit syllabics will be used in all Inuit languages across Canada.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has stated that it will not replace syllabics and Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has also stated that Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit will not be required to change their traditional writing practices.
I would like to thank the Clerk of the Legislative Assembly.
"I was very proud to hear that the working group of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami unanimously approved the new Inuktitut writing system, naming the Inuktitut syllabics that were completed when the film came out."
The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami means "unity of the Canadian people" and there are few good examples of the power that our people have shared with each other for the survival of our people and our language.
That's what it's like for me at this point in time.
"in June of 2011 when I was the President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, we made a commitment to modernize our education system."
"we launched a national initiative on Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit and Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit in collaboration with our partners to provide our children with the skills they need to be educated, reliable in Inuktitut and Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit and language."
The Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Katimajiit included Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, and Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
The Inuit of Canada have been trying for many years to get to this point and get to the point where we are going to have a new power corporation.
The Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit in all the communities of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit was incorporated into the Inuktitut syllabics.
This means that we will have one writing system for all Inuit to use in their own language.
This is a new system for the use of a cheque.
"Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit is not going to replace Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit with Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, or Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit."
Our contribution today is to our children and future generations.
I can now imagine that the Inuit of Canada will be able to communicate better with each other and they will be able to communicate with each other and they will be able to teach a good curriculum when it becomes a concern and our children will be graduating from high school and they will be able to speak both languages.
"we have an international role to play in the development of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, Inuit culture, and language."
But we are here today.
Over the past few years we have had to look at our history to find out who we are today and how we are today.
I believe that we are in a situation where we are going to have to look back and see where we can go in the future.
The use of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit in the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit and the use of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit and Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit means that we all want to move forward together as one.
"after eight years of developing a national approach to Inuit education, we were able to deliver a language that is" Inuktitut "that will mean all people in each language, regardless of where they come from."
To me that gives me an opportunity to see that as an Inuit unity, that we are able to overcome all of these issues without being honest about the barriers that we face.
"our language and identity are refreshed, and our language is healthy."
I am hopeful that we will be able to use Inuktitut in all dialects and dialects and in the future we will be able to continue the work that we do in partnership with the public.
"mayor Simon was the President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami in 2011 at the launch of the National Framework for Inuit Education, which included a recommendation to create a single writing system for the Inuit language."
Vivienne Cummings is an apology to the Premier of Quebec
"many of the laws, policies, practices or departmental processes that are used to deal with inequality and inequity are a step in the right direction."
"Quebec Premier François Legault issued an apology to the First Nations and Inuit of Quebec on October 2, following the news of these discriminatory actions by the Department of Public Services."
(from Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit)
"in this way, the Quebec government has not fulfilled its obligations to aboriginal people," Leger said.
"Mr. Leger issued an apology - the first of 142 decision reports - at the National Aboriginal Summit on Wednesday, October 2, two days after the death of former Supreme Court Justice Jack Weir, who was in charge of the commission's report."
"trying to justify it is not enough," Lu says.
He said that he would look at all the decisions and find out exactly why there is a difference.
"many of the policies, procedures, practices or departmental processes used to address inequality and inadequacy in the delivery of services to aboriginal First Nations and Inuit," Mr. Gibbons said in his September 30 report.
"the study focused on aboriginal issues relating to the RCMP, legal systems, corrections, health and social services, and youth protection services."
Lucy Gray was an Inuk speaker for the Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated Commission.
"here, in November 2018 he made a scientific statement."
(photographer Saara Rogers)
"the Nunavut Association of Municipalities issued a report stating the importance of the decisions and recommendations, in an effort to improve relations between aboriginal people and the Government of Quebec."
"in particular, the Nunavut Association of Municipalities strongly recommended the Government of Nunavut make this decision to hold videoconferencing sessions for offenders in small communities, which is why the Nunavut Association of Municipalities has been in contact with the Quebec Government."
"the Katimajiit Community Government has a mandate to work closely with all political parties and other regional organizations to implement the Commission's recommendations in their work," said Katimajiit Community Government Chairperson Jennifer Nunavut in a press release.
The Nunavik Department of Health and Social Services also responded to the report by stating that the committee's ongoing concerns were raised by the Commission on Health and Social Services and youth protection services.
The need for resources and management of health and social services was also discussed by the board during the study.
"we look forward to the Quebec Government working on the report's recommendations, as well as through a collaborative framework and process," says Executive Director Minnie Green in the October 2 press release.
Members also appreciated the fact that the Commission of Quebec, the Auditor General, will be responsible for the implementation of the 142 decisions.
Makivik President Charlie Ford also spoke during the study on Nunavik's activities and he stated in the October 1 press release that Inuit were able to speak to the results of the study.
"on many occasions, in tears, my people spoke of the Commission's actions in the areas of health, justice, social services, youth protection, historical problems and other areas of Quebec government services," Ward said.
"although he stated that the report would be a response," based on the first recommendation - that Quebec apologize to the Inuit and First Nations for inequities in the delivery of public services to our people - then we feel that we are being heard. "
Three major law firms have promised that Nunavut's ultra-low fuel consumption will be eliminated by 2030.
"this is a very ambitious project."
Students are walking four miles from Iqaluit on September 27 as part of a global climate change protest.
Three legal candidates for the federal government announced plans to end Nunavut's dependence on fossil fuels by 2030.
(photographer Dustin Balmer)
Besson Dustin Ptak
"in this federal election, three legal firms announced that Nunavut's use of fossil fuels would be phased out by 2030."
"right now all 25 communities in Nunavut have diesel generators operated by the Qulliq Energy Corporation, the only utility in Canada that does not have electricity in their communities."
Changing this would be a huge and costly project.
"this is a very ambitious project," says Martha Lennox, a northern renewable energy specialist for the World Wildlife Fund (WWF).
"it is possible, with a little bit of skill."
The Green Party's campaign promises to "implement a renewable energy system.
"by 2030, all of the country's electricity will come from renewable sources."
This includes outpost camps in northern communities such as Gjoa Haven where diesel power is "decommissioned."
"the Liberal Party stated that they would" move forward financially to make sure that the Inuit communities in Nunavut get rid of fossil fuels but use electricity for clean, renewable energy - like hydro, wind and solar power - by 2030. "
The Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated (NDP) stated that it would be a "goal for Canada to be able to generate electricity from non-renewable sources of energy by 2030... this is a carbon neutral energy system that respects the communities and creates jobs."
"we would support efforts such as community-owned and operated clean energy projects to create jobs for residents and professionals, as well as working with aboriginal and northern communities to reduce the use of petroleum products."
"according to the Department of Environment and Climate Change Canada report that was released earlier this year, greenhouse gas emissions in Nunavut are less than 1 percent of the impact of this."
"in 2017, Nunavut produced approximately 0.6 metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions, equivalent to 18,000 vehicles."
"this year, Alberta, which is one of Canada's biggest sources of greenhouse gas emissions, produced 84 million vehicles."
"however, Nunavut has seen that greenhouse gas emissions from vehicles have increased by 30 percent since 2005, with the largest increase in Canada and Alberta almost doubling, which is the second largest increase in the same period."
"even if there is an energy transition between the three jurisdictions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the impact on Canada's greenhouse gas emissions would still be very small."
That's what the communities are going to get.
"Nunavummiut pay the highest rate of electricity in any other jurisdiction in Canada, and funding from the Department of Energy would reduce this."
"however, action on renewable energy projects such as this may lead to a discrepancy in the amount of money that is currently being spent on renewable energy."
"last month, the World Wildlife Fund released a report that talked about how renewable energy could provide electricity to all 25 communities in Nunavut."
"it found that a reduction of 8% - mainly due to the risk of the project or other sources of revenue - in Baker Lake, Coral Harbour, Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet would result in savings of up to 20% in renewable energy, including direct payments over the next 15 years."
The study also identified 16 other communities with a 4 percent subsidy - roughly what the Qulliq Energy Corporation would be able to borrow - and approximately $2 million in benefits and a 20 percent subsidy.
"but the report only talks about the feasibility of these projects, with a view to moving to a renewable energy system that would be cheaper than the current power rates."
However, moving the community to a sustainable source of renewable energy would be a significant step in the right direction.
"it would take a lot of consultation, and they would have to start next year in order to meet the energy needs of all the communities," he says.
"they would have to go to the communities, work with them on what they want to do, and what the communities are looking at in the energy sector, to see what their priorities are and where the communities are most important for travel and wildlife."
"this does not include the development of integrated solar power or wind, which will take place over the next two years to fully integrate, or the mandate of the Qulliq Energy Corporation to ensure that renewable energy is a reliable source of energy."
"moving all communities to 100 percent renewable energy, the three Solicitor General's recommendations, would not only be a long process but would also be a significant investment."
"the New Progressive Party (NDP) and the Liberal Party have not announced how much they would contribute to the relocation, but the Green Party said that last week."
"as part of the campaign's spending report, the Green Party said it would provide $150 million over the next five years for decentralization to all rural and northern communities - not just in Nunavut - to get rid of fossil fuels."
It's not enough but it's not enough.
"the minister made it clear that if a community like Arctic Bay were to move 60 percent of its energy system, they would have to spend about $27.8 million."
"under the same report, for other communities to use this 60 percent renewable energy, they would have to use it at a higher level."
"in Iqaluit, the idea is that it would cost about $148 million."
"even though it is obvious that it is smaller than the $250 million to $500 million that was originally proposed in the City, this would be used for one community that the Green Party wants to help."
"I don't expect the federal government to pay for all of these projects, but they also said that it would be a project and how it would be done and it would be a challenge."
"looking at this 2030 deadline, it's not going to take much time."
"in terms of solar power, I wonder if it could be done in the next two to five years."
"in terms of wind power, I think it would take five to seven years for it to be done," he says when asked about the amount of energy that would be involved. "
"when you look at these deadlines and divide them into 25 communities and if they're going to be done at the same time in a very remote community and the land is not always available, then they're thinking about how to complete it.
"I think that for those who want to achieve something, this is going to be a big change."
"even if we don't reach 100%, then there is a lot of interest."
"please note: this article refers to the federal election campaign of the Green Party, the Liberal Party and the New Progressive Party (NDP)."
"in the design of this book, the Conservative Party has not yet announced what they are campaigning for, so they are not included in this report."
Subject: operations under Early Childhood and Childcare Issues
It is important to recognize the value of early childhood education and daycare workers in Nunavut.
"Lolo Brunson Patrick, the Chairperson of the Tunngavik Incorporated Board, is looking for additional support from the Government of Nunavut for quality early childhood education and child care based on Inuit language and culture."
Besson Nunatsiaq News
Letters to the Premier of Nunavut, Joe Savikataaq, and the Minister of Education, David Joanasie.
I am a member of the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit that is very sensitive to our language and culture.
"as the Chairperson of the Committee of the Whole, this is the only Inuktitut speaking school for early childhood education in Iqaluit and is the only one in Iqaluit that provides daycare in Nunavut for children who already speak Inuktitut."
"the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Centre was closed on August 21 to September 12, 2019 due to a lack of staff and in addition, they have been operating without staff for almost a year."
"very few people apply for jobs at the Sanikiluaq daycare because they are underpaid (Iqaluit has the highest daycare costs), employees who don't have income support, they don't have housing because they are seen as inferior to the women working at the daycare."
"the daycare is now open again, but the emergency operation has become a challenge: we lost a very good employee who was tired and resigned."
"we now have a part-time office worker, a full-time daycare manager, two daycare workers and each child who works on a case-by-case basis (all of whom have criminal records and safety checks), who are working all day, while we are looking for a full-time worker, who is qualified to be certified."
"this process is not uncommon, but for those of us who have children, we believe that our children should be safe and speak Inuktitut to keep the question open."
There is still a danger that it could be closed permanently.
"Nunavut's daycare system is currently unprofitable. daycare staff are expected to provide one of the most important child related services in order to provide quality early childhood education, which is based on Inuit culture and language, despite the low cost and lack of support."
The non-profit organization relies on a wide range of resources to address the shortfall in annual funding and the number of children who volunteer to run and manage the early childhood education centre.
"daycare workers suffer from low pay and lack of benefits, lack of training for their jobs and lack of housing for staff."
Daycare staff have now been asked to work within the scope of their needs to sustain themselves or their families.
We are going through a very difficult time with our daycares because of the need for specialized staff with the necessary skills to promote and preserve the Inuit language and culture of our young children; we only hire people who are fluent in Inuktitut.
We are 100 percent Inuit employees.
However, as a result of the high turnover of our employees, we continue to be understaffed due to the lack of competitive pay and benefits for our employees.
"as a result, it has an impact on early childhood education and early childhood education."
Inuit should be given the support they need to ensure that our language and culture is taught to our children.
The Government of Nunavut should consider how they can provide more support to ensure that the quality of early childhood education and daycare is based on the Inuit language and culture.
"effective early childhood education and child care workers should be paid competitive wages and benefits, which include housing on the job, vacation, training in the workplace and school."
Mr. Iqaqrialu's vision is to increase the number of daycare spaces available to the public and increase the number of programs to accommodate more Inuit children.
"we have now been looking for a larger, daycare facility to make this vision a success, so we have raised close to $80,000 for the new location."
They are proposing the following solutions for the Government of Nunavut:
"amalgamation of early childhood and early childhood education staff as part of the Government of Nunavut's collective bargaining process to ensure that they receive the same salary as the Government of Nunavut, consistent with the Government of Nunavut's pay structure in the eight categories, which are used by employees of the Nunavut school system;"
• Including the operations and maintenance of daycare facilities in Nunavut that are operating within the education system;
"provide resources for early childhood education and daycare staff but not specifically for short-term purposes including long-term medical leave, vacation, bilingual bonus, maternity leave and housing."
• establish a body to support all daycares in Nunavut;
• Work with the daycares immediately to address urgent challenges. together, we will work together to develop a long-term plan to change the operations of the daycare.
It is important to recognize the valuable role that early childhood education and daycare workers play in Nunavut.
Our daycares will be fully staffed with fully staffed positions and all employees will receive benefits.
We have to keep our daycare open all the time.
"the system of early childhood education needs to change. Nunavut's early childhood education and daycare workers want to change their profession so that they can take a significant step forward in ensuring that early childhood education and daycare operations change in the best way possible so that children can start their lives, including learning the Inuktitut language, grow up with a solid foundation of Inuit culture, and be able to participate in the rest of Canada."
"indeed the author,"
Laakuluk Williamson Labrador
"Mr. Chairman, the Tunngavik Incorporated (Iqaluit Inuktut Daycare Society) Board of Directors"
Do you recognize these people in the picture?
"I know this picture is historical."
"in the footnotes on the back of the photo, which was taken in Kugluktuk, Nunavut - at the time the English name was Canning - on May 18, 1930."
He found this pen on his grandfather's property when he passed away because he wanted to know if he could identify these people as women.
I found this picture on my grandfather's property when he passed away.
"his name was Dr. James Jamieson, and I was aware that he was a nurse with the Canadian Rangers (Royal Canadian Air Force) in World War II, and he is here for his work in Newfoundland and Goose Bay, Labrador."
"I am not sure when he received this photograph or the one written by J. H. (behind the photo), but I did know that there were people from the north who knew him."
"I know this photo was taken a long time ago, but I don't know if there would be any recognition... even if they were part of that photo that would be requested."
"with all due respect,"
Ciara Howard
"North Bay, originally from Ontario and now living in Prince Edward Island"
This word is written on the back of the Inuit women's copy.
Inuit language rights were strongly raised at the Montreal conference for unilingual Inuktitut speakers.
"it's called Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit training so it was a good idea - to use the Inuit language."
"Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated President Aluki Kuksuk, right, is delivering a speech entitled" Inuktitut Survival Rights "on Thursday, October 3, at the Inuit Cultural Education Summit in Montreal."
"with me is Louis Tapardjuk, a member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit Katimajiit, Nunavut Language Authority."
Even though there were no interpreters, they kept talking in Inuktitut.
(photographer Lisa Greer)
Beisha Greer is not a regular member of Nunatsiaq News
"the Montreal Boarding House held a moment of silence on Thursday, October 3, when people attending the 21st Inuit Societal Values Conference arrived to hear the two Inuit leaders talk about why the right to speak Inuktitut in Nunavut is a human right and this right seems to have been denied."
"Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated President Aluki Kuksuk and Louis Tapardjuk, former Government of Nunavut Minister and Member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Authority, came in on time and sat in the chair in front of the people."
"the videoconferencing team developed the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit program through the Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated Fujimajatuqangit Network, which offers a wide range of videoconferencing services for English speakers, and the participants were mostly Inuinnaqtun speakers."
"Mr. Kuksuk welcomed the delegates and started speaking in Inuktitut, and these unilingual Inuktitut speakers sometimes nodded their heads and clapped."
"for those who don't speak Inuktitut, including this writer, they just sat there and hid."
Some people just left.
Some of them are just trying to listen to their phones while they are working on the English version.
There was no English translation.
Welcome to the amazing community of many people in Nunavut.
"it's called the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit workshop so it was like, especially when we were talking about the Inuit language, we wanted to use the Inuit language," Mr. Kuksuk said at the beginning.
"Louie and I talked about this and we knew that there would be no interpreters but we decided that it was very important that we use our language when we talk about the need to support and promote our language development."
"the International Symposium, which brings together northern experts from the north and the south, has, in recent years, started to involve more Inuktitut speakers and facilitators, making the conference more responsive to Inuit needs and working together with Inuit and non-Inuit academics."
"this Inuktitut workshop, in regards to the language of Inuit rights, it seemed like they were in the process of developing this."
Mr. Curley's speech outlined a number of pieces of legislation that are needed to promote and protect the Inuktitut language in Nunavut and there are more Inuit and more Inuit speaking in Inuktitut.
"these laws range from the United Nations (UN) convention on the rights of aboriginal peoples (First Nations) to the directions and legal obligations of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Canadian inquiry into the murder and disappearance of aboriginal women and girls, and Nunavut's Official Languages Act."
"Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit identified many aspects of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, in part, to the language and culture of the docks, such as Annie Kootoo, who died of liver failure in 2017, and this 15 year old Eileen Kooneeliusie, who died of tuberculosis in the same year."
"people want to have a decent quality of life and they have a right to life.
"Canadian people should not die due to a lack of access and services at the same rate as other Canadians," Mr. Kuksuk wrote in his speech.
"in his Member's Statement, Mr. Tapardjuk talked about a recent incident in Iqaluit in which the RCMP approached an elder to report that his adopted son had received a flu shot from a youth centre."
This woman is alone and does not speak English.
Mr. Tapardjuk said that the RCMP had to stop the vehicle to ask for help in informing them of the bad news.
"there are a number of things that could have happened in this report.
"many of us Inuit who speak English and Inuktitut are invited to work on this issue.
"we are considered to be interpreters at any given time, even if we don't know the people."
Sometimes it's for confidential information.
"so, in that way, I can say that it is a violation of human rights."
"Kugluktuk stated that even unilingual Inuktitut speakers in Nunavut should have access to professional services in their language such as health, justice and education."
Even those kinds of things are not always available.
This and other leaders continue to call on the federal government to protect their language and Inuit at home.
Ottawa passed a new Aboriginal Languages Act in June which has been criticized by Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami for stating that their decisions have not been taken lightly.
"Mr. Kuksuk said he wanted people to know," We are the ones who have the authority. "
Let's talk in Inuktitut when we go to the store.
Let's speak in Inuktitut when we go to the bank.
Let's speak Inuktitut when we go to the schools.
"when we become more proficient in Inuktitut and don't think about the things that people can't understand, then they will be given a higher standard."
Qikiqtani Inuit Association announces compensation for tourism operators in Inuit communities
Fees to be applied as soon as possible
"tourism operators who visit Qikiqtani residents of Nunavut will now be required to pay tourism fees if they wish to access Inuit land, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit from October 8 to 10."
"commercial tourism operators now have to pay for people to go to their own communities in the Qikiqtani region, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit on Wednesday, October 9."
The Qikiqtani region is home to the largest number of cruise ships in Nunavut.
"Pond Inlet received 17 cruise ships this summer, while Iqaluit was visited by four."
"the people in the Qikiqtani communities have been concerned about this because of the increase in tourism activities in this region, especially the people who go on cruise ships."
"the Qikiqtani Inuit Association decided to set up a tourism management fee to help people in the communities affected by cruise ships," P. J. Akeeagok, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association president, said in a news release.
Following a press release from the Qikiqtani Inuit Association on land and recycling, the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth announced new expenditures.
The new payments are for:
• Airplane landing on Inuit land: $150 at the airport
• helicopter landing on Inuit land: $100 at the airport
• Commercial Boarding Homes in Inuit communities: $50 per day
• Commercial Visitors with access to less than six hours of public land: $25.00 per day
"half of the total fees would go to the Hunters and Trappers Organizations that are closest to the tourism industry that is available," the report said.
The other half would go to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
"the ships that bring people to Nunavut have a population of anywhere from 150 to 400 people," Rosemary Reed, Qikiqtani Inuit Association Director of Land Use and Recycling, said at the Qikiqtani Inuit Association board meeting.
This $25 per day fee would apply to all passengers who fly on Inuit owned land - or IHL (Inuit owned land).
"no matter how many people are on the ship if they are going to be in their own communities, they would be charged based on the number of people on the ship," Mr. O'Brien said to the board.
Mr. O'Brien stated that the ships that bring Inuit to the Qikiqtani region will have to submit to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association the number of Inuit passengers each month or before they go boating.
"so if the ship was carrying 350 people, we would charge $25 a day per person."
"so the larger Inuit ships would have to pay anywhere from $10,000 to $20,000 to go to the land on their own," Mr. O'Brien says.
"in the communities where there are a lot of cruise ships that come in during the summer, like in Pond Inlet, the Hunters and Trappers Organization would receive about $50,000 to $70,000 in compensation," he said.
The new fees will also benefit the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's Land Use Registry.
"as such, tourism operators would be made aware of the new fees when applying for access to Inuit in their own communities."
C'Uqaqti noted that the Qikiqtani Inuit Association established a fee based on what other organizations pay for tourism.
"for example, Parks Canada pays $25 per person to go to the National Parks."
"the hamlets also charge the people who bring the ships and the tourism operators to their communities," Mr. O'Brien said.
"ships that allow Inuit to go on their own land are liable for this unless the Inuit actually go to their own land," he says.
"Joe Ataguttaaluk, Qikiqtani Inuit Association Secretary / Chief Financial Officer, asked whether it would be possible to increase these costs in the future."
"the Utility Rate Review Council indicated that it would be possible to make changes, but it would have to be discussed and resolved by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association."
"this is a very exciting event.
"we are once again leading the way in providing Inuit benefits to their communities," Mr. Akeeagok said to the board.
"compensation will come into effect immediately, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association said."
The high cost of transporting heavy equipment to Pond Inlet has become a concern for the residents of Pond Inlet.
"is Newfoundland thinking that we don't know if the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government is going to approve the project ahead of time?"
"the Auditor General of Canada, the Auditor General of Canada, and the Auditor General of Canada, the Auditor General of Canada, the Auditor General of Canada, the Auditor General of Canada, the Auditor General of Canada, the Auditor General of Canada, the Auditor General of Canada, the Auditor General of Canada, the Auditor General of Canada, and the Auditor General of Canada, the Auditor General of Nunavut, the Auditor General of Canada,
"in the cargo area you can see a couple of potential construction materials, 33 and 34 metres high, which is the Baffinland iron ore mine that was acquired by Tyson and shipped to the Mary River mine this summer."
Two smaller units are also being transported from the front.
"the following will be used for the expansion of the rail line, which has not yet been approved by the Legislative Assembly."
(photo by Tyson Crocker)
Community leaders in Pond Inlet have expressed their displeasure with a large ship carrying heavy equipment to the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation's Mary River iron ore mine this summer.
"they are concerned that Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated's proposed expansion of the Pangnirtung Airport in Pangnirtung has not yet been approved by the Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated.
"they also brought in a couple of small units that could be built and large parts of the rail that would be used in the construction, such as access roads and landfills."
"Baffinland, in November 2018 had indicated to the authority and its partners here in the Qikiqtani Inuit Association that they would be bringing in, through the public registries for the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board."
But the people of Pond Inlet are finally finding out about this.
This ship arrived at the Baffinland port at Mary River in Qikiqtarjuaq last August to deliver modular housing that will be used for the rail expansion.
When the people of Pond Inlet saw the ship near their community, it was the first time they had heard that it was going to be delivered.
"we only found out about three or four weeks ago.
"we see a lot of goods going through the Pond Inlet area," Joshua Arreak, the director of the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Association said of the Northwest Territories "development.
"we were wondering why and who they were and how they were doing that.
"we did not receive any information from the Nunavut Impact Review Board, Qikiqtani Inuit Association or anyone else."
"it was something that we didn't expect," Mr. Arreak says.
"we have not heard from the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
I don't know.
We have a problem with the Inuit organizations.
"they don't keep us informed," Okalik said.
The Nunavut Impact Review Board knew about the sealift this winter.
"if any Nunavut authority and any federal minister did not approve the Baffinland expansion plan, it would result in a 110 kilometre long rail road from Mary River to Baffinland, producing an additional 12 million tonnes of iron ore a year, and transporting up to 200 tonnes of iron ore a year."
This project cannot be fully approved by the federal government until the final public hearings of the Nunavut Impact Review Board are scheduled for November 2 in Iqaluit and conclude on November 8 and 9 in Pond Inlet.
"the Nunavut Impact Review Board, which did not seek comment on this matter from the stakeholders, indicated that they would be bringing in a sealift truck to be used in a letter that was sent to Baffinland on July 25."
"the Nunavut Impact Review Board advised the companies that if Project 2 is not approved, Baffinland would be responsible for the disposal of the equipment, which is likely to cost several million dollars, from the mine."
It also indicated that the sealift will not have an impact on the Nunavut Impact Review Board's decision on this issue.
"in an email dated October 17, the Nunavut Impact Review Board Executive Director, Ryan Perry, indicated that it is legal for the Nunavut Impact Review Board to approve or deny cruise ship activities."
"the Nunavut Impact Review Board was only able to say that these actions would be included in the evaluation process and that all materials for construction would have to be moved if the proposal was not approved after the Board's review," Barry wrote.
This is a plane photo taken in Pond Inlet. just this past summer, the ship was carrying some of the materials for the Mary River Qaujimajatuqangit project that will be used for the Baffinland rail expansion.
"one of the units, referred to as" Damage Building, "is 33 metres high, 23.5 metres in length and weighs 1,470 tonnes."
"on the other hand, it is referred to as a" containment building, "which is 34 metres high."
"so each unit, which is part of the existing breakwater and containment facility, is roughly equivalent to a 10-storey building - or perhaps higher than the units in the North East."
However, Baffinland has not yet approved the use of this technology.
"Baffinland will identify these assets as" Project 2 "but not" Project 2 "when the proposal is considered to be complete," the company wrote in its July 19 report to the Nunavut Impact Review Board. "
Materials provided by Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit
"in their joint submission to the authority, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association and Baffinland wrote that the property would be located on Inuit owned land, in accordance with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's commercial lease agreement with the company."
"for Mr. Arreak and others, the action appears to be that Baffinland has already approved the project."
"the people of Pond Inlet are not happy.
Is Baffinland thinking that we don't know if the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government is going to approve the project ahead of time?
"I don't know," he says.
"Rob Dexter, a project consultant from Pond Inlet with the Hamlet Council, was approved by the Mayor of Pond Inlet, Joshua Savikataaq, to speak on behalf of the Northwest Territories Development Corporation."
"Baffinland has been working on the idea of getting approval for phase 2," Dexter said in an e-mail.
"if the Nunavut Impact Review Board had the authority to do so, the final effect would be to put more pressure on the Nunavut Impact Review Board to be responsible and to approve the proposal."
"this is worrisome," Dexter said on behalf of the Hamlet.
"on the other hand, the Hamlet is thinking before they have to do this."
"this is what has been done in the budget and in the minds of the Baffinland people to get approval for Project 2," he also wrote.
"our main concern is the animals, the marine animals and their presence."
We would be the most affected in our community.
That is our concern.
"the money is not going to bring back the wildlife," Joshua Arreak said on behalf of the Hunters and Trappers Organization. he said that there has been an ongoing discussion in Pond Inlet for a number of years in regards to marine transportation for the Baffinland plan. "
"in regards to non-governmental organizations such as Orangutan Marine North (Orangutan North), who have requested the opportunity to hold a public meeting on the Baffinland expansion plans, they stated that they support the" responsible development "of the Baffinland mine."
"however, it was also noted that Baffinland did not take into account the potential environmental impacts, and was not satisfied with Baffinland's decision to send large amounts of iron ore to Baffinland instead of from Arctic Bay, which was made possible in 2012."
"it is not surprising that residents are not satisfied with the large shipments of rail parts to Baffinland prior to the legislative approval of this expansion," says Chris Tiki, vice president of policy and legal affairs for the Northwest Territories.
Existing resources received from the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth
The equipment that is being shipped from Baffinland to Qikiqtarjuaq is part of the existing rail system.
"the two large buildings, the first of which was a rival, were designed by Brigadier Abraham, which is the third building, which will be a rail station, designed by Stefano," Bowers said in a press release.
"Baffinland also brought in a sealift, a sealift system and a number of other equipment that will be used for rail transportation."
"the assets identified in the Baffinland submission to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board included rail and road infrastructure, as well as heavy metals and solid waste."
"the Titanic's first shipment to Baffinland, a ship called the Baffin Bar, weighs 5,500 tonnes of cargo, and departed from Brixton in early August."
"two other cargo ships also delivered additional supplies this summer, and many more are expected to arrive in the summer of 2020," Microsoft said.
"through a joint agreement with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Baffinland agreed to invest an additional $18 million in a recovery fund that would be used to clean up the Mary River mine if the project failed," the water board's letter said.
Nunavut's Legal Services Board appoints a new Languages Commissioner
Colleen Aariak's appointment will come into effect on October 21.
"the Nunavut Legal Services Board appointed the Acting Languages Commissioner, Colleen Aariak, following Helen Klengenberg's resignation last September from her office."
Colleen Aariak, who lives in Iqaluit, was appointed as Nunavut's Languages Commissioner.
"Simeon Mikkungwak, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, announced the appointment, which will take effect on Monday, October 21."
Colleen Aariak of Iqaluit will serve as the Acting Languages Commissioner of Nunavut.
(photo by Colleen Aariak)
"Ms. Aariak's work, which includes both the Office of the Languages Commissioner and the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, gives me the opportunity to address these important issues," Mr. Mikkungwak said in a press release.
"under the Official Languages Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Languages Commissioner has the responsibility to protect the language rights of the Inuktitut, French and English languages."
"the Languages Commissioner also plays a role in monitoring and evaluating, advising and protecting language rights."
"under the Official Languages Act, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is appointed for four years by the Commissioner of Nunavut on the recommendation of the Legislative Assembly."
"the Management and Services Board of the Legislative Assembly may also make a decision on the appointment of the Acting Languages Commissioner when the position is vacant and when the Legislative Assembly is not in session, this information from Mr. Arreak also indicates the appointment."
"the former Languages Commissioner, Helen Klengenberg, resigned from the office in September."
"Eva Aariak, Colleen's mother and former Nunavut Premier, was the first Languages Commissioner of Nunavut before she was elected in the 2008 Nunavut Legislative Assembly."
"a public invitation was issued to the Nunavut Languages Commissioner, the Solicitor General said, and we have more information on this on our website."
The Montreal Women's Centre announces plans for an emergency night centre
Inuit women make up 15% of the attendance at the Women's Centre
"Maria Pollin-Winton, Director of the Women's Centre (Chesterfield Inlet), the Women's Centre, and Kathy Wong, the City Councillor representing the Peterborough area and a spokesperson for the Montreal City Council, discussed the plans for a 22-bed shelter for women in Montreal's Town Hall on October 16 during a press conference at the Women's Centre."
(photo from the City of Montreal)
"the Montreal Town of Wilson-Murray is ready to begin the expansion of a program that was started at the women's centre, a day shelter for women who are homeless, as a result of the land that was converted into a facility that was acquired last year."
"the residents" decision, announced on Wednesday, October 16, will give us the opportunity to design a new building for this centre not too far away, which will then become an emergency women's night centre. "
"the women's centre, the women's day centre here at 1430 Sami Road in Montreal, is open every day of the week for women who need help."
A lot of them are Inuit.
"the women's centre that is here right now is Sanikiluaq Road, not too far from the Ashford Road and Koper Scores, a gathering place for the people of Cape Town."
"the women's centre is well known to many Inuit women, which accounts for 15% of all visits to the centre."
"set to open in the winter of 2021, this building is an emergency night centre that was purchased for a subsidy of $1 million by the Montreal businessman Andrew Harper through the Joyce Community Foundation in Montreal."
"thanks to our new facility, we will be able to accommodate 22 beds for women who are homeless," said Maria Polla-Winton, the executive director of the Shelter in Paris, said in a press release after the event at the women's centre.
"right now, women are 25% of the homeless in Montreal, but the benefits to women are not enough."
This is a project that is the appropriate starting point. "
"the good news is that the expansion of the centre was announced less than a week after this individual who lived in the centre, Clara Cloak, who was originally from the Northwest Territories, passed away on October 11 at the hospital."
Bowler-Winton told the Nunatsiaq News that she was very close with her daughter after she was in jail because she was in a lot of pain.
"most of the people who come to the centre come to the city because of housing and legal problems," Bowden says.
"a lot of people go to the women's centre during the day because there are six beds here, they sleep for a few hours and then they go outside at night."
What has changed is that there is going to be a new place to sleep at night.
"now, the Women's Centre, which is around 100 women a day, provides services and activities for women in need of homelessness, food insecurity, mental health and substance abuse."
Bowden said the number of Inuit women who come here has not changed much since 2018.
"however, we have been inundated with women who need more help with basic necessities such as clothing and showers," she says.
"this is the only women's day centre in Montreal, the Sharon Dorris Women's Centre is now open seven days a week from 8: 30 in the morning to 3: 00 in the afternoon."
"because of their ability to run their programs, the women's centre was left without a weekend service for six months in 2014 due to a lack of funding."
"we're hoping to get some financial assistance from Makivik, but we don't know if we're going to get it this time," says Bowden.
"the women's centre also administers the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit program - but the women's centre invests in this program, which accounts for about 70% of its operating budget of $1.7 million a year."
"Cathy Wong, the City Councillor on behalf of the Pet-McGill community and spokesperson for the Montreal City Council, said during the announcement of the new night centre that it would provide more women with" the services that are available to the people who want them to feel safe and secure. "
Nunavut does not have a Liberal Party
"on very important questions, the Liberals had very little to offer."
Mr. Iqaqrialu's victory on October 21 is a testament to his unwillingness to accept the Liberal Party's policy for Nunavut and the north.
Do you remember the Liberal press release?
They make a lot of news about the latter.
More than we can remember.
"that doesn't matter, because the majority of Nunavut voters showed up on October 21st, nothing."
"starting in 2015, Justin Trudeau and the other Liberal governments in Nunavut have made a lot of news."
Some of the information that was provided was new information.
"but in the end, the people of Nunavut just said," Okay. "
"but in the end, they were more accountable to the Government of Nunavut, since 1961, Canada has been more receptive to these changes: the New Bombers."
"this is not too old to say that the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit victory is a testament to the rejection of Trudeau's actions in the north and north of Canada, which includes a lack of commitment to the previously stated Inuit / federal partnership."
"since 2015, Trudeau has worked with leading organizations such as Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, Qikiqtani Inuit Association and others."
However, this past week's election demonstrates to Nunavummiut that the Inuit-federal relationship is not as effective as it should be.
"and that is not unusual, because at the end of the day Nunavummiut were not able to answer the main questions of the Liberal Party."
"it is well known to the majority of the people of Nunavut that the biggest concerns are economic and social issues: the lack of housing, the lack of food, the high cost of food, the high cost of food and transportation, and the chronic tuberculosis and suicide that we face on a daily basis."
"but during his final visit to Nunavut on October 8, Trudeau did not have much good news on these issues."
He was talking about South Baffin when he was talking about climate change and climate change.
"these are issues for all Canadians, but in this election, Nunavummiut want to hear their concerns about housing and the high cost of living."
"what happened instead is that the Sylvia Grinnell River is the location for the film, not for Nunavut voters, but for southern Canadians."
"in doing so, he did not respond to the hard work of Nunavummiut and the Nunavut Liberal candidate Megan Perel-Lyall, who did not even have the support of the President of the Liberal Party."
"in terms of costs and food insecurity, the Liberals took action, setting up a higher subsidy program for the Nutrition North Canada Program, as well as providing additional funding, $12.5 million a year for aboriginal hunters in Nunavut and other parts of the North."
However, they have to come up with a hunting assistance program and no one can say why that is the case.
"on August 1 of this year, Toro played a major role in Iqaluit and Arctic Bay, signing an agreement to launch the Lancaster Sound Marine Conservation Area and making a major commitment to start a new protected area called Duittuq."
"he is doing this by giving a lot of money to the communities in North Baffin, for small craft harbours and for the protection of jobs."
He also talked a lot about security issues, such as trying to meet with aboriginal people.
"the inadequacy of dealing with this type of issue is that, having been repeatedly diagnosed with tuberculosis in an overcrowded house, this" meeting "does not make sense."
"with that in mind again, do you remember the Liberal government's big announcement on tuberculosis?"
"they did this in early 2018, this is Jane Ferry, who was the Health Minister at the time, when she said that tuberculosis was going to be eliminated in the country before 2030."
But Mr. Ferris, the Federal Minister committed to dealing with this issue because there are no more.
"with respect to Mr. Trudeau's actions on behalf of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and the dispute over his handling of this matter with SNC-Lavalin, Mr. Wilcox resigned from the board of directors."
"since then, the Liberals have not heard anything about the eradication of tuberculosis."
"like the Hunters and Trappers Assistance Program, I think it's just stuck with the Inuit and the Federal Government working together, so it seems to me that there was a lot of talk about tuberculosis being eradicated in the community."
"and everyone knows that tuberculosis is caused by poverty, poor nutrition and inadequate housing."
"but on the housing issue, Mr. Trudeau came up with something that has already been heated up and talked about again this past summer."
"and the Government of Canada's Inuit Housing Program, a" strategic partnership "with Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, has not yielded any results."
We would also like to congratulate Mamiaq Qaqqaq for winning the award.
"as a member of the 4th Division of the Law Clerk of the Legislative Assembly, she will have to be assisted in order to be heard."
Let's just give Nunavummiut a chance and be supported.
"Qaqqqaq won two prestigious awards, Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Pizzo-Lyall."
I hope that they do not lose sight of the fact that they continue to serve Nunavummiut and the north.
The member asked the ministers about the $80 million expansion of the Weber Road Project.
"looking at my colleagues, we are in a good position to make a decision on the $80 million option."
"Joelie Quirke, Member for Amittuq, was one of the members of the Nunavut Legislative Assembly who questioned the government on the $80 million expansion of the Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu Crossing Project."
Some Nunavut lawyers are now asking for an undefined contribution for the expansion of the Nu-Iqaluit Fabric Ark Project.
"last August, the federal government committed $151 million to the project, which is aimed at a 1,700-kilometre stretch of the Weber Apartments in Nuuk, Greenland, through the Qikiqtaaluk Fire in Iqaluit."
From there, it will be shipped to Kimmirut.
"the Government of Nunavut will develop the design and start of the project, which is expected to be completed in 2023."
"last year, the Legislative Assembly approved this project, which was supposed to cost $126 million."
"at the end of this year, we were informed that the project cost was going up in line with the cost increase and it is now thought to be around $209 million," John Mayne, Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, said in his Member's Statement on Wednesday, October 23.
"this is a $80 million difference," Mayne says.
"when I look at my colleagues we are able to make decisions that could be worth $80 million," Mayne says.
The federal subsidy comes from the Small Communities and Northern Communities Program under the Investment Canada Plan (Canada).
The project is now in the Legal Services Board's review of expenditures for 2020 / 21.
"on the second day of Question Period, Joelie Kilabuk, the Member for Amittuq asked Mr. Quassa Kusugak, the Minister of Community and Government Services, about the $80 million increase that the government is planning to do."
"this process, as defined in the Government of Nunavut's Financial Planning Assistance," is intended to ensure that the project has a clear definition, and that interested parties have access to information on the development, the appropriate cost details and the timing of the project, prior to the start of the fiscal planning process. "
"was it a pre-planned project, Iqaluit or Akavut?"
The question is directed to Ms. Kusugak.
"the planning has been completed and the cost is still being determined.
"when we were informed, we found out that it was going to be much more expensive," Kusugak says.
"Mr. Mayne, sitting next to the Chairperson of the Legislative Assembly, is standing to ask another question to Ms. Kusugak."
"can the minister tell us how this huge project has gone up in price over the course of the year?"
"Ms. Kusugak reiterates that after the funding request was approved last year, the department reviewed the project and increased the cost of the review."
"Ms. Kusugak reiterated that, in May of 2019, her department considered a supplementary appropriation request that would require an increase of up to $9.6 million in" maximum federal assistance available to the program if necessary. ""
"the following day, on October 24, Mayne rose again during Question Period to consult with the Finance Minister George Hickes on the same issue."
"through the Financial Management Board, what steps were taken and what steps were taken to inform the department of the $80 million increase in the cost of this project?"
Mr. Mayne asked.
"Mr. Hickes noted that the federal government did not increase its contribution to the project, and in addition to providing a positive contribution to the marine research project, the Government of Nunavut also increased its contribution."
"the Department of Community and Government Services resubmitted it to the Financial Management Board for this reason when they found that the expenditure was not enough."
"Mr. Hickes also stated that half of the Government of Nunavut (25 percent) benefits from the program, while the federal government contributes 75 percent."
"as the Government of Nunavut, we don't have to pay $80 million, and we would have to pay 25 percent of that."
"we will be looking for... at some point in the next few years... to provide additional resources for the completion of this program," he said.
"Nunavik has to have its own federal regulator," says Makivik, the president of the Nunavut Association of Municipalities.
Charlie Ward after the federal election talks about reforming the federal government.
"Charlie Ward, President of the Makivik Corporation, issued a press release on October 22 after the federal election, stating that Nunavik should have its own federal regulator."
Bessie Elaine Anderson
"Makivik President Charles Ward made the statement that there was no change in Nunavik's legal status when he made the announcement to the new Member of the Legislative Assembly, Sylvie Brewer."
"we are going to be looking at the Electoral Boundaries Commission to make sure that it is understood, in fact, that Nunavik will have its own bureaucracy for our community, which is not what we want at this point in time in terms of the ability to apply for our own program," he says.
"we have to do this at a provincial level."
"Pangnirtung James Bay-Eavi-Eavik is one of the largest federal political projects in Quebec, from the south of Nunavik to the town of Pangnirtung to the southern town of Pangnirtung. here are four of the six 2019 federal candidates who live in the community, including Pangnirtung for the Black Bloc."
Nunavik leaders have dedicated their own government to the community since 1972.
"in 2002, the Nunavut Association of Municipalities, including Makivik, went to the Federal Electoral Boundaries Commission for this purpose and visited again in 2011."
"since the division was expanded in 2013, it has expanded to include two more communities in the south."
"the divisions were redrawn, through the Commission, in an effort to balance the population."
"in Quebec, it is 100 thousand people by region, but in Pangnirtung it is less than 85 thousand people."
"while Nunavik's population is around 13,000, Nunavik has been far below that, but its leaders have responded to this issue here in Nunavik as an independent society."
"the smallest federal jurisdiction is Labrador, which has a population of 26,000, while Newfoundland has a population of about 80,000."
"Ruby was the winner for Quebec North, with a vote of over 11,000, or 40 percent, followed by the Liberal and Conservative candidates."
"Mr. Ward expressed his congratulations to Green Party candidate Kiara Barnabas of Winnipeg, an Inuk from Churchill, who came in fifth place with more than 1,000 votes."
"in his speech to Ford, he welcomed Brewer to Nunavik to visit him as soon as possible."
"I look forward to meeting with him, and his support for self-interest in dealing with issues that I am very pleased with, as well as issues such as the implementation of the Judicature Act on the rights of aboriginal people," Ward says.
"a big announcement was made by Black Bloc President François Blanchet, after the regional wrestling team won 32 seats in Quebec."
"it is our hope that we will support the development of our mandate in Nunavik - through legal and economic means - and that the legal system can establish a mutually beneficial relationship," says Ford.
"however, in the interest of Quebec's independence, Inuit have long contributed to Canadian unity."
"Mr. Ward decided at the last election, even though the Liberal Party does not have a seat in this government, that he wanted to take the opportunity to bring the different parties together and bring the country together."
"Justin Trudeau has a strong government that does not have a seat at the table, and he is willing to work with other political parties - the Province of Ontario, Black Quebec, the Green Party, the Conservative Party and independent candidates - to pass legislation and bring it to Parliament, and work towards bringing it together," he says.
"to the Nunavut elected Member of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, Heilaq Qaqqqaq from Baker Lake, he made some predictable comments."
"I remember the Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated meeting in Baker Lake in 1871 with Tagak Curley," Ford says.
"at that time we were young people.
"they will do a great job, sorry, and I look forward to seeing you and working with you on issues such as Inuit self-determination at the same time, for generations to come."
"further implementation of anti-cancer schemes in Nunavut, hundreds of thousands of states"
"for individuals, you could save a lot of money by reducing the number of cases of lung cancer."
This air ambulance service in Nunavut (Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated) is on hold at the Iqaluit International Airport for this summer's air show.
"in some years, when children have lung cancer (RV), they have to be sent out of the hospital and they have to spend a lot of money in the hospital."
"these are Dr. Anna Pangnirtung and her fellow teachers from Toronto's June School of Health Workshop in 1989 who first brought this issue to the attention of the RCMP at the end of September, and have over 1,000 signatures in favour of it."
"but when this news was finally published, 23,322 names were put together - and now they want to reach 25,000 signatures."
The notice states that the Government of Nunavut would reduce the number of deaths and hospitalizations of infants by implementing a cancer prevention program for all infants under the age of 6 months.
"P2P is a preventative medicine, not a vaccine, and until it is on the market it is called Xanax."
"it has been proven in infants that there is a higher risk of lung disease associated with the initiation of RSV, which is an acronym for" preeclampsia, "which is a type of secondary lung disease, and is associated with chronic pulmonary disease called bronchitis."
"however, Dr. Michael Patterson, the Minister of Health and Social Services for Nunavut, stated in the NWT News interview that the Government of Nunavut contributes 11% to 12% of children under the age of 2."
"we use it more for babies who are at higher risk of cancer due to RSV, as well as for those who contribute to the global distribution of RSV," she says.
"these include babies born at birth, under 35 weeks of pregnancy, or babies with chronic lung disease or heart disease."
"Mr. Pangnirtung, who is also a professor in the Department of Child Health at the University of Toronto's School of Pharmacy, has been writing a curriculum for the past 15 years on topics such as the persistence and cost of the RV in the north."
"as far as testing is concerned, this individual has not been satisfied with the current Nunavut policy and he stated that all Nunavut infants need this vaccine."
"Dr. Anna Pangnirtung, who is a professor in the Department of Child Health here in Toronto at the University of Toronto's Department of Pharmacy, said after a lot of research that if Inuit infants were immunized with a preventative vaccine called the Predator it would be very beneficial both socially and financially."
The cost of living in Nunavut has a significant impact on the cost of living in Nunavut.
He stated in his assessment that the RV system is sustainable and able to deliver a wide range of air and medical services to Nunavut's health care system.
"cancer prevention is very expensive: about $5,600 per patient."
"but despite this cost, Pangnirtung and many others believe that this is like a subsidy."
"this is the case in Nunavut when it comes to cancer and ambulance services are the best way to deal with it."
"we've done a lot of cost-benefit analysis that shows that if we give the north a larger share of the pie, it would save money," he said in an interview.
"in a cost analysis, published in 2013, it was found that there was a high rate of lung cancer in the Kitikmeot infants: it was set at 389 out of 1,000."
"during the study, which was conducted from January 1, 2009 to June 30, 2010, it was determined that the cost of medical travel for this illness came to $57,535."
"in the Qikiqtani region, lung cancer in infants occurred in 2002 from 1,000 newborns and in the Kivalliq region, from 230 to 1,000 newborns."
This means that the Government of Nunavut has spent $5.9 million for minor injuries in the Qikiqtani region and approximately $5.7 million in the Kivalliq for infant injuries as a result of this study.
"however, the fact of the matter is that Kivalliq had the highest rate of lung cancer hospitalization: $63,686."
"for Inuit, it's not a lot of money, because of the high incidence of lung cancer," he says.
The President of the Ontario Nursing Association supports the registration process.
"the Inuit babies are ten times more likely to be treated at the hospital for lung disease than the" at-risk "infant and the disease is much more severe due to its sensitivity.
"even though this is a major problem, Inuit babies in Nunavut do not get cancer," Mr. Gardy wrote in his submission.
"another area of expertise identified here is the Winnipeg School of Health, the Canadian Medical Association and the Canadian Medical Research Institute for Indigenous Peoples."
However, healthy babies in Nunavut at the end of their lives do not receive this cancer treatment - even if they come from a high-risk community other than Iqaluit and have a higher risk of lung cancer.
Pangnirtung is saying that they are doing the wrong thing.
"I have done a lot of hard work.
I have shown them some of the details that I am putting out to the public.
"Carolyn Barnabas, Jane Ferry, they've seen what I've written and they've said it's credible," she says.
Nunavik immunizes all infants
"it was a warning, not just in Nunavut, that health professionals in Nunavik have given birth to all infants over the past three years."
"in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on October 18, the Minister of Health George Hickes indicated in response to questions from the Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, Pat Angnakak, that the Government of Nunavut will undertake a comprehensive review of the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement."
"we are keeping an eye on that program," says Hickes.
Ms. Angnakak said this RV (lung disease) has had a devastating impact on the family.
"not too long ago, I know that the baby had to be sent to the hospital by the RV and it has a huge impact on the family, especially when this is a very young child."
But Mr. Hickes defended the Government of Nunavut's current program and said that the government is not trying to save money for Inuit only by providing this program.
"this has not been a legal or policy decision on the cost.
"it depends on the best health care system," Mr. Hickes says.
Mr. Patterson reiterates that Nunavik has had success over the past three years with the program starting with children under six months old.
"we are still waiting for that number, and once we know that there is a savings to be made in using the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, then we will be able to implement that very quickly," Patterson says.
"however, in his view, there is still a lack of accreditation in Nunavut."
"there are two things that I don't agree with in the registration process and the other one is that this is something that has already been done, or is there a scientific explanation for that."
"there are a lot of people who still have questions," he says.
The use of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit in Nunavut has come a long way.
"in 2008, the Government of Nunavut did not approve or participate in the Pangnirtung study of the RV, nor did the experts from Greenland, Nunavik and the Northwest Territories participate."
A very small building comes to Kuujjuaq
Nunavik Construction is open for small construction.
"a small building to see, from Nunavik Construction, was brought to Kuujjuaq by ship this past summer."
(photo by Nunavik Construction)
The first of the small houses that were built in Nunavik came on the sealift to Churchill last summer.
"I wanted to show how good we were building for the Northerners," says Willie Godfrey, co-founder of Nunavik Construction, a home design and construction firm with offices in Churchill and Nieuville, Quebec. "
"ten years before that, Godfrey, a Churchill plumber, woodworker and construction worker had a collision with a housing expert in Clacton."
"we started talking about affordable housing in the north," Godfrey says.
"housing in the north is too expensive.
It started from there. "
From there, arrangements have been made for the design of small units with a view to the northern climate.
The houses have steel walls and they are surrounded by strong winds and they can be used for longer periods of time.
"they are made with insulation on the walls, roofs and roofs and there are three layers of windows to keep the heat out of the air."
"they have a floor heating system, not a wall that has to be attached to the furnace, to make sure the temperature is the same as the rest of the house."
"I think that's the only way to do it in the north," Godfrey says.
"there are a lot of problems with the furnaces and the heating goes into a small part of it.
Inuit say their feet are starting to freeze.
Their house has a lot of insulation but they are "whispers."
The design of the Nunavik Buildings is a one-bedroom cabin.
(photo by Nunavik Construction)
"because he has built boilers and pipes all over Nunavik, Godfrey is responsible for making sure that the buildings are built in the way they are designed, that everything is well designed and maintained."
"the Nunavik Housing Corporation has a variety of conditions for small apartments, four bedrooms, and a different location for them."
"they can add an extra room and it can be expanded, for example, if they are larger children."
"the building that is being advertised in Churchill has one bedroom, which is about 5 metres to the side and 10 metres to the side."
There is an entrance at the end of the building to the kitchen and the living room.
It's just over your house and over the washroom.
The plant is located in another building that is just behind it.
It took about two hours for the building to be completed and put into place and the electrical and plumbing systems were put in place.
"this house can be purchased for $228,000, for the foundation and everything inside," says Godfrey.
"in Nunavik the house costs between $500,000 and $600,000," he says.
"we're trying to build houses that are in good condition and have problems with water access," says Godfrey.
"when I was a plumber, I was a woodworker for a number of years and a lot of the things that were built were not fixed properly, the plumbing was not adequate, the boiler was not adequate."
This is what I have been building for many years and now we have something that would be more suitable for the north. "
"the houses that are built in Sanikiluaq, Quebec, and they are built within a month," Godfrey says, "and then they are shipped by truck."
"once we have received the order and the booking is on time for the sealift, this building could be in place by next summer."
"in the future, if this is successful, we are thinking about creating jobs in the north," he says.
"but this requires a lot of money."
He goes on to say that these units in the north would be suitable and they would be very happy to order from Nunavut or from Greenland.
"we are open and we are just waiting for the payments that they want to know and they are prepared for the construction," says Godfrey.
"we are prepared to help people in need."
"in the Canadian Arctic, the sea ice is at its lowest level right now"
"we may be a month behind on what needs to be done this year"
"the freeze is very late this year," says Gjoa Haven resident Willie Aglukkaq, who took this picture on October 18. "
"he is still a joker on the land, which doesn't happen in Gjoa Haven."
I've never seen it on the ice like that in my entire life. "
(photographer Willie Aglukkaq)
Buddy Dustin Ptak
"last October, Joda Savikataaq from Igloolik had to go seal hunting by snowmobile."
"that's what he was trying to do when he was a year old, he had to go out on a boat."
"in Nunavut and other parts of the north, it's the same thing."
"this is the first explosion I've seen in my entire life," says Willy Aglukkaq, a resident of Gjoa Haven for nearly 40 years. "
That is correct.
"on October 15 the sea ice thickness was approximately 5.118 million square kilometres, which is the lowest level since records began in 1968."
"depending on where we are, we may be a month behind where we were last year," says Jez Largie, a geophysicist with Geophysical Services Canada. "
But this is not the first year that the river has been low.
April also had the lowest amount of ice in the records.
After that, it was published in the July edition of the Nunavut Gazette.
"in August, the erosion of the ice began to slow down."
"we were on par with the lowest (ice) in 2007 and 2016, but it was higher in 2012," says Walter Mir, a senior researcher at the Canadian Energy and Natural Resources Institute.
"but we are lower than the 2012 levels when that happened because of the rapid melting of the ice - 2012 was a quick return to the Arctic, but the winter has slowed down the ice."
"as of October 15, the ice volume was much lower than it was in 2012, at that time it was the lowest."
(certificate from NSCID)
The potential for sea ice is dependent on the temperature.
"if there is water that doesn't have ice and the heat is colder in the water, then even though the temperature is in the atmosphere it will get warmer and the water will get warmer or freeze sooner," says Larkin.
"but the Arctic temperatures in October have been very cold, with a lot of heat in the last six months."
"it was a very warm summer," says Maye.
"at the start of April, each month was the third warmest - as far as the Arctic is concerned - on record, whereas May and August were at the highest levels."
(photo from UNESCO)
This year's event will result in a larger event.
"in the context of global warming such as the Inuit use of vehicles, we have seen a decrease in the amount of ice that was in 1979," says Pascal Pangnirtung, director of the GRA in the UK, in a press release published in the Journal of the United Nations Environment Program (UNESCO).
"in light of what is happening this year in the Arctic, the decrease in sea ice has been a result of Arctic warming over the past several decades."
"according to this press release," The average global temperature has risen by about 0.5 ° C in the 10 years between 1982 and 2017, mainly due to the effects of the collapse of the glaciers in 1979. "
This is two times faster than the world average. "
This summer has not been the same.
"although the year-to-year trend continues, the ice is now back on track."
"the ice is just starting to freeze," she says.
"in the last 10 days, since October 20, the sea ice has increased by approximately 1.5 million square kilometres, including the waters near Gjoa Haven."
"as the current freeze continues, 2019 may be even higher than it was in 2012."
Iqaluit welcomes new fire chief
"to me this is a bit of a fun way of doing things"
Lord Howard of Iqaluit became the Fire Marshal two weeks ago.
"since then he has been reading and doing a lot of research, but he says that his new job is something he can do again."
(photographer Dustin Peda)
"this is Gordon Howard at the City Council meeting that he attended on October 22 when he was the Chief Fire Officer, he did not expect to be asked questions."
"do you support the Montreal Canadiens?"
Asked by Member Joanasie Akumalik.
"for a moment of silence, Howard answered," No. "
They are here with a sore throat.
"a week later, in an interview with the Nunatsiaq News, Mr. Howard said," That's why I decided that my contributions should not be heard. "
"Mr. Havioyak, from Sanikiluaq in Hamilton, went to Iqaluit and went to Winnipeg, Ontario, where the community of Pangnirtung is located near Georgina Bay."
"although he has been here for the first time, he has also been from the north."
"in his ten years as an emergency medical technician for the Canadian Armed Forces, Arviat has been a tent city in the middle of winter."
"so I understand the snow, I understand the cold, but there are also things that have to be done."
It seems like we're in a different world and that's why I came here.
"and the department is very creative," says Mr. Howard, referring to the Iqaluit Fire Department's collectives - some of them are very professional firefighters and some of them just go out and help. "
That's the only thing that Howard didn't bring to Iqaluit.
In addition to the work that has been done on fire and emergency services - where we don't have a lot of other things - there was also an issue here in Iqaluit where there was a fire.
"the actions of this department are appalling," says Howard.
"it's a lot of work here, and when you look at the programs that are in place all the time."
"the activities of the department are related to, and now Howard, a new one in this area, such as water problems and lack of support, to the fires and the fire hall is too small."
"we can't make this change overnight and it seems like we don't want to make any changes overnight.
"if we continue to move forward and not go backwards I would be happy," says Howard.
"to me, it's a very exciting project."
"it is a pleasure, what we are trying to do and what we know we can do better."
"on the first question of the City of Iqaluit's appointment as the Director of Emergency Management," I'm a Toronto Assistant, "says Howard with a smile."
"it's good to hear that some people are in support of the fire hall in Toronto.
"I brought a flag with me, so we will be able to show them through our cars if they win the Stanley Cup in the next 20 to 30 years."
Bedbugs have become a concern for Nunavik patients in Manitoba
The hotel manager says that they do inspections but they haven't found anything.
This is something you just want to eat in your room and you wouldn't want to see it: bedbugs.
"but more recently, bedbugs have been seen at the Quarry Hotel where patients from Nunavik are staying when they come to the city."
The presence of bedbugs in Nunavik boarding homes during medical travel to Montreal is of particular concern to patients and their families.
This photo shows the bedside table of Cecilia Dukka that she saw last month in the basement of her mother's house in the Coral Harbour Boarding Home here in Kira De León.
(photo from Cecilia Duka)
"in the middle of October, Cecilia Kuksuk was visiting her mother at the Coral Harbour Boarding Home here in Kira De Leon in Labrador and she was very scared: she saw the dog on the bottom of the bed, and she took this picture."
"in Kugaaruk the member from Iqaluit mentioned the medical travel from Nunavik to the monitoring centre here at the Ukivik Boarding Home, in this case they have a number of rooms, 39 in total, on the first floor when it's full."
Kuka called her mother and told her that she would never be there again.
"the hotel's general manager, Sadie Appel, told Nunatsiaq News last week that she is dealing with the bedbug sightings."
"this is what happened a few days ago, when the tests were done, and the worms had the report, they couldn't find it."
"one bedroom study found that there were bedbugs in there, but they are not here anymore."
Mr. Aupaluktuq's e-mail also showed a number of patients who had seen the bedbugs.
"given the importance of the Ukivik Boarding Home operation, Mr. Rafter stated that all rooms were dealt with this year and that they are regularly inspected and dealt with if necessary."
The Nunatsiaq News was not able to speak to all the Nunavik Community Health Boards or the Manitoba Tunngavik Incorporated who work with the Nunavik Health Centre in Montreal on issues such as bedbugs and what they are doing about it.
The Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated has written a letter to the Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth on behalf of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated.
"it seems to me that the people who are staying in Iqaluit are seeing bedbugs and they don't want to stay in the hotel," writes George Delilah, the president of the Uqsuqtuq Centre on October 16. "
"let me know what it is and when the problem is going to be resolved.
We have to let the patients know that the bedbugs were taken care of. "
Ukvik patients always take care of their clothes / bags before they enter the facility.
There are bedbugs in Montreal; there were bedbugs in the government offices that had to be closed.
"and if there were bedbugs in patients from the north, this would not be the first time, as they did in 2010 in Winnipeg."
"the bedbugs are very bad to start with: they are very small, but they can get very itchy, scaly and irritate the skin after they have been bitten."
The bedbugs have a tube in their lungs so that the blood doesn't get too thick and they don't feel like a mouse.
"on the other side of the pipe, the patient's throat is pumping blood, sometimes for five minutes, and then they melt, they start to look red and they seem to be floating."
"the bedbugs eat five to ten days a week and they can live for a year, they live on the bottom of the bed, on the bed and on the other side of the bed, in the dark and they come out when they want to eat."
"the good news is that the bedbugs don't get cold, so they end up sleeping and they die."
So you can pack your bags when you're outside for more than two days if you don't have any heat.
"try not to get wet while you're out on the land, keep an eye on the head of the house, and look at the bottom and keep your bags in bed."
"and when you go home, wash your clothes before they go to your room and make sure that you don't have bedbugs."
"if you see a bedbug in a Montreal hotel, you can call 311 cities for a problem."
"the Baffinland Symposium has suddenly come to an end, with more meetings being held in Pond Inlet."
"people need to be involved in the process.
"it affects all aspects of people's lives," says Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated President
"representatives from Igloolik and Pond Inlet are listening to Aluki Kuksuk, the President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, in a motion to suspend the Nunavut Impact Review Board's final meeting on Baffinland's proposed expansion on Wednesday, November 6 in Iqaluit."
(photographer Emma Daniels)
By Besma Daniel and Elaine Yun
"the meeting of the Nunavut Impact Review Board on Baffinland's proposed expansion of the Mary River mine came to an abrupt end, with two more days of meetings being held in Pond Inlet."
"on Wednesday, November 6, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated President Aluki Kuksuk made a motion to immediately cancel this last public meeting and to continue this session for eight months to a year."
There was a lot of noise and there were a lot of people who wanted to speak to their colleagues and they were just crying, and the members were looking at the Baffinland to see what they were going to do with this situation.
"the Baffinland officials had good faces, sometimes they put their hands up and they just sat on the table when Mr. Kuksuk made his motion."
"we are concerned that this public meeting would be completed without any action being taken.
People need to be consulted and have a proper dialogue.
"anyone here would like to understand all the things that are happening and how it would affect Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and the organizations," Mr. Kuksuk says when the House is full of people who want to talk about it and the people. "
"it has an impact on all aspects of people's lives," he says.
"the motion was tabled on the fifth day of public hearings in Iqaluit, at the end of the hour."
The Nunavut Impact Review Board's first agenda was to proceed with a public meeting for the community of Pond Inlet on November 8 and 9.
"the Nunavut Impact Review Board was in favour of the Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated motion, this meeting was cancelled and the Pond Inlet meeting was also cancelled."
"over the course of the week, Baffinland representatives from the interested parties spoke regularly about their plans to build a rail link from North Baffin to the Mary River port."
"this is for the rail road and other parts of the port, which would make it more possible that the company is producing more than it currently produces 6 million tonnes of iron ore a year to the tune of 12 million tonnes."
"but what is particularly notable this week is that Baffinland's proposal to amend the project permits to remove this restriction and to put in place a time limit for shipping, 20 times a rail back and forth and 176 sealift a year."
"the motion to adjourn the meeting was supported by all those who wished to speak, many of whom expressed concern about the confusing nature of the project."
"P. J. Akeeagok, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association President, stated that the Northwest Territories Development Corporation believes in the Nunavut Impact Review Board's work to ensure that" people have the opportunity to ask questions on these important issues "and that" it is an opportunity for residents to express their concerns on an ongoing basis. "
"Mr. Akeeagok also stated that the motion was not expected, but it was well organized on the last day of the session."
Mr. Speaker, the Baffinland officials are looking at Kugluktuk as a starting point for the transfer.
"what I think is that there are too many questions that have not been resolved yet.
"in my view, if you are going to make a decision about your future, then you have to be well informed to make a good decision."
There was not enough "here."
Representatives from the Baffin North community also agreed to the motion.
"it needs to be heard and there needs to be a study done," says Amanda Hanson Maine, a consultant for the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Organization.
He said the project "may have serious implications for our values and our way of life and our place in the world."
"some of the participants at the table said they were not satisfied with the Mary River project, and they just wanted to continue the Baffinland project for Nunavut, but there were too many questions and concerns about the proposed expansion."
"what we are hearing is that it is too small and inadequate," says Peter Evalu, the Hamlet of Igloolik representative.
"all the information has to be translated.
Everything has to be "transparent."
"the Government of Nunavut also agreed with the motion, in this case referring to the fact that there is too much disagreement between those who want to have the opportunity to speak and those who have the right to do so."
"the federal government also supported the motion, but stated that the Nunavut Impact Review Board could make a decision on the length of the moratorium."
"through his legal team, Baffinland stated that they were not satisfied with the motion for termination for eight months and that they were not satisfied with the motion until they were informed."
"everything that went into this press conference was supposed to go ahead on November 2 starting," says Brad Armstrong, the legal counsel for Baffinland. "
"none of them indicated that they were not prepared to start on this date.
No matter which language was used, it was not intended to deter people from going to these places. "
"Megan Lawrence Hooker, the vice president of recycling for Baffinland, said the delay would have an impact on the" immediate problems "of the project.
"but we will do whatever it takes to provide and protect 3,000 Canadians in employment, 476 of whom are Inuit."
We need to know that people are going to be working with us.
"we need time to figure out how much of a problem this project is going to be," Lorimer said.
"although the Qikiqtani Inuit Association has stated that they cannot support Project 2, Mr. Akeeagok stated that they will continue to work on the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit program and that the project will be economically viable."
"we are not satisfied with the Mary River project.
We are working with them.
It is our own Inuit land.
"we support Inuit employment," he says.
"we have invested a lot of money and work to make this project economically viable for a long time.
"so with that in mind, we have to find a balance."
But right now there is "nothing."
Mr. Akeeagok also stated that the community's uncertainty about the impact of the rail project on our caribou is very important.
"as an Inuk, these issues have a direct impact on our cultural rights."
"this was clearly demonstrated by the elders when they were here that they are not only thinking about themselves, this is also for the future."
And that's what I really care about.
"my decisions are not just for now, but for the next generation."
Do I leave them with a better foundation than they did in the past?
"this is basically the basis of the decision-making process, what the culture is," he says.
"on the recommendation of the Nunavut Impact Review Board, the Nunavut Impact Review Board provided an opportunity for submissions to be made in writing until November 15."
"from there, the Nunavut Impact Review Board will make a written submission to the motion and how long they have to wait."
Nunavut Legislative Assembly agrees to amendments to the Income Tax Act
"our government is working very hard to recoup some of the costs that have been incurred by the company."
"the Member for Rankin Inlet North asked the Minister of Finance George Hickes about Bill 26, An Act to Amend the Income Tax Act, at the Department of Justice meeting on Wednesday, November 6."
The Nunavut Legislative Assembly updated the Nunavut Income Tax Act to amend the Payroll Tax Act.
"the amendments, which received third reading on Wednesday, November 6, included an increase in the personal allowance from $13,325 to $16,000."
"this implies that tax payers will be earning close to $3,000 a year before they have to pay Nunavut income tax."
"another change is the increase in the cost of living tax bills from $1,200 to $1,500."
"this means that tax payers who make more than $60,000 will be able to claim an additional $300 in income tax."
In addition, Nunavut's corporate tax rate for small businesses has decreased from 4 percent to 3 percent.
"our government is trying to play a major role in the recovery of the Poverty Reduction Fund," says Finance Minister George Hickes.
"the Federal Government's Fuel Tax Rebate Program came into force in Nunavut on July 1, to make the fuel price increase more reasonable - it would have been an increase of 5 cents per litre - the Government of Nunavut introduced the Fuel Tax Rebate Program, which subsidizes the fuel price increase by half."
"during discussions on income tax reform, the Nunavut Legislative Assembly agreed that Khan's tax revenues should be repatriated to Nunavummiut."
However, they have not been able to come to an agreement on how best to do that.
"Adam Lyall, Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, expressed concern that, in light of the reduction in income tax rates, the government would have to use Khan's tax payments for government operations."
"my understanding right now is that we need a lot of assistance from the Government of Nunavut and our own economy is only 10 percent to 15 percent of our contribution.
"we really need to use our own economy for what we need to operate," says Lyall.
"why is the government trying to use Khan's tax revenues to subsidize government operations?"
"Mr. Khan's tax revenue development is only a small part of the Government of Nunavut and Mr. Khan has been trying to be fair to our own company," Mr. Hickes said, adding, "I don't think that we would be very satisfied if we just set up the Poverty Reduction Fund for other sources of revenue and not bring that money back to the private sector."
Mr. Lyall also stated that this amendment to the Income Tax Act would be in the best interest of Nunavummiut.
"it also stated that the Canada-Nunavut Tax Assistance Program will be used by the Government of Nunavut for its intended purpose, to reduce Nunavut's hunger."
"climate change is a big concern for me and a lot of work needs to be done now and for future generations.
"having said that, I have tabled a number of ideas for our government on how to develop or motivate Nunavummiut to become more energy efficient," says Lyall.
"why is it that these ideas have not been considered and proposed to be used for income tax purposes?"
Mr. Hickes responded by saying that each department - which is responsible for specific projects - is listening.
"some departments have been working with departments, including the Qulliq Energy Corporation, which has a mandate to develop energy efficient LEDs for all street lights in Nunavut and this was approved at the meeting in the near future."
"in 2019 / 20, the Government of Nunavut expects to generate $12 million in corporate tax payments."
It would be broken down as follows:
• 2 million dollars for the government's more expensive furnaces for public housing and government buildings such as schools and hospitals.
• 3.6 million dollars for the new Nunavut Candidate Rebate Program.
• 6.2 million dollars to be returned to Nunavummiut and Nunavut jobs this year as a result of amendments to the Income Tax Act.
However, I would like to point out to Mr. Lyall that this math is not fully integrated.
"in view of the 50 percent rebate from the Fuel Tax Rebate Program and the 50 percent rebate, why is there so little room for energy conservation activities?"
"Mr. Hickes responded that the federal tax rate will increase every year over the next five years, and while this 50 percent deduction for petroleum products will continue, this year's increase in the tax rate will generate additional revenue for other projects."
The Bill received second reading on November 6 and received third reading in the evening.
"even though this is the case, Lyall, the day before she gave birth she said to the Law Centre that she had only been sleeping for three hours and she was out."
"shortly after the email from the Nunatsiaq News, Mr. Lyall stated that he was not satisfied that he had voted for the legislation."
"I do not agree with the circumstances of Bill 26, I feel that it is not a proper fiscal policy," Mr. Lyall said.
"the purpose of Khan is to reduce taxes on oil and gas from industry and to address climate change.
"if this legislation includes an energy tax rebate for individuals and businesses who wish to contribute, or if the Government of Nunavut has put in place measures to help people purchase and develop energy conservation measures then I would have been very pleased to be in agreement with the legislation."
Although Mr. Lyall is not satisfied with this legislation, it was passed.
Mr. Hickes indicated that he was willing to listen to ideas on how to use the Canada-Nunavut tax revenues to reduce poverty in Nunavut.
"I strongly urge the public to write to the Members of the Legislative Assembly or the government with a view to what can be done in this area."
"visits to Nunavut were over 34,000 more in 2018 than in 2015."
The Government of Nunavut is tabling the Annual Tourism Report for 2018 / 19
The Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Katimajiit, the Inuit of Nunavut, and the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Katimajiit.
(photos by Emma Toronto)
"from April to September, 2018, more than 51,000 people visited Nunavut from outside of Nunavut."
"this is the result of the Nunavut Tourism Annual Report for 2018 / 19 from the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which was tabled in the Legislative Assembly earlier this month."
"the same people who came here used a total of $271,383,000 for participation and travel expenses."
The report does not account for actual expenditures other than travel.
"on balance, there were approximately 16,750 non-Nunavut visitors from May to October 2015, according to the following year's Nunavut exit survey."
"the Baffin and Kivalliq regions are the most visited from July to September, 2018."
"Qikiqtarjuaq was visited by 95,600 people, of which just over half (53.2%) came to Iqaluit with a budget of $75.1 million."
Pond Inlet and Pangnirtung are the second and third communities visited from the Baffin region.
"in the Kivalliq region, Rankin Inlet received 33,600 visits and $68 million, followed by Baker Lake and Arviat."
Cambridge Bay was the most visited region in the Kitikmeot.
The water supply for the Owen Olsen research vessel from Jutland to Kimmirut in August 2019.
"and in 2018, 3,404 cruise ships came to Nunavut in the last two and a half years."
"cruise ship operators spent $388,351 on community services," the report also states.
However, the weather and ice conditions affected more than half of the cruise ships that wanted to visit Nunavut.
"the department received the results of eight Inuit cargo operators with 23 trips to Nunavut from July to September, 2018."
"these ships brought 3,404 people together."
"just over half, or 59% of the cargo that was shipped to Pond Inlet came from Nunavut."
"Iqaluit is the second most visited cruise ship at 8.3 percent, followed by Qikiqtarjuaq, which is 6.1 percent visited and Grise Fiord at 5.9 percent."
"the cruise ship visitors to Pond Inlet did not only spend a total of $245,565, but these visitors were the most visited 100 hours of the 189.5 hours of cruise ship visits in Nunavut, according to the report."
"Cambridge Bay, Gjoa Haven, Kimmirut and Kugluktuk were not visited by sealift in 2018."
"according to the report, both Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven were expected to receive seven visits, but both were cancelled due to weather."
"the report notes that Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven were affected by the cancellation of cruise ship visits resulting in a total loss of approximately $25,000."
"the feedback from the report was from the Recruitment and Retention Strategy 2018, which conducted a survey of cruise ship operators and other visitors to Nunavut last year."
"in 2018, the Government of Nunavut had to respond to community concerns from Pond Inlet and Clyde River about cruise ship traffic."
"as far as the report is concerned, the Government of Nunavut consulted with the Association of Arctic Research Vessel Operators and both cruise ship operators to avoid going through this process."
"it also stated that tourism is a private sector development, which requires government support for development."
"in Nunavut, this means building capacity and employment for Nunavummiut in the tourism sector."
"there is always a lack of dedicated and skilled tourism professionals.
"in the absence of skilled workers, tourism has not fully realized its potential."
"skills have been known to play a key role in tourism in Nunavut," the report said.
"the Identification Program, the Government of Nunavut's Inuit Sealift Program, allows 12 people a year to take part in the Inuit Sealift Study," the report says.
"in our report, all Government of Nunavut tourism inspectors are Inuit."
"as has been the case in the past, tourism consolidation is rare, which creates uncertainty about the size of the economy and its ability to contribute to Nunavut's economy," the report said.
"the department has assisted 115 projects related to tourism in 2018, with a total cost of $1,272,822."
These projects include:
"Nunatta Sunny Museum, Voice of Nunavut: $50,100"
"Bay of Pigs Tour: $48,383"
"Igloolik Hamlet, Modernization of Igloolik Arts: $81,785"
"Arnav (Art), Introduction of Stories: $99,872"
"• Nunavut Development Corporation and Winnipeg Art Gallery for a new store: $225,000 over three years"
"Mary River: if the economic potential is an issue, let's make it a reality."
The Members of the Legislative Assembly are very interested in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement and the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement and the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement.
Participants sit in Iqaluit's Katowice Hall on the fourth day of the Nunavut Impact Review Board's public hearings on the Baffinland Iron Mines Highway expansion proposal for Mary River.
"Nunavut's approach to regulatory compliance with industry development, beginning with the 1993 Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, has not been driven only by factors such as migration, changes in environmental and socio-economic conditions at the Mary River iron ore mine over the past decade."
"this was demonstrated in Iqaluit earlier this month, when the Nunavut Impact Review Board held its last public hearing on the $900 million rail expansion proposal from the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation in the wake of confusion and uncertainty."
The last seven days of meetings that were scheduled to take place in Pond Inlet were cancelled.
"at the same time, Baffinland's multibillion dollar, diversified iron ore mine is in a state of uncertainty."
"for this record, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has yet to make a decision on a motion from Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated that, if approved, would result in a delay of eight to 12 months."
"and the Baffinland Nunavut Business Credit Corporation, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, said in the near future that they could not support or approve the expansion of the rail line."
"but the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's task force, the Qikiqtaaluk Corporation has said that they fully support this."
These are Arctic Co-ops as well.
This is a very complex process.
"on behalf of Pangnirtung, the Deputy Minister of Recycling, Meegan Loehr, on this issue stated that the company is only concerned about whether the project will be able to go ahead," he said. "we will do our very best to maintain and protect Canadians with 3,000 jobs, 476 of whom are Inuit."
"last week, Baffinland announced that the Northwest Territories Development Corporation is terminating 490 southern contractors and 96 contractors for Inuit labour."
This brings us to one of the biggest unanswered questions about the project: Baffinland's funding.
"Baffinland has stated that the mine's economic potential is uncertain but if regulators allow it to build a 110 kilometre long rail link to Mary River and increase its production to 12 million tonnes a year, they would be able to do 176 trips through the causeway."
"the problem is, they did not come up with a public report that would help them."
"and at the same time, more and more professionals stopped asking questions about it."
"it was a year ago, even though they didn't have anything to do with it that didn't stop the shareholders from believing what they were saying."
"for example, in the summer and fall of 2018, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association quipped with Baffinland, to protect them from the Nunavut Impact Review Board."
"on August 31 of that year, the Nunavut Impact Review Board decided that the federal government should not approve the prior and smaller year's production - from 4.2 million tonnes of iron ore to 6 million tonnes."
"then Baffinland and his partner, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, started to do a lot of work."
"over the last few weeks, they have been writing letters to the Chief Electoral Officer of Nunavut, Dominic Lampak, who at the time was the federal Northern Affairs Minister, calling for the board's decision to be reversed."
Why is that?
Funding.
"the Inuit Association stated that they were shocked by the potential of the Mary River mine, due to the need to allocate significant amounts of money and resources, at a cost of over $20 million here in the new Inuit Impact and Benefit Agreement."
Ottawa agreed.
"in light of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's concerns about the possibility of funding the mine, the federal government approved the Baffinland proposal last year."
"we are also concerned about the potential long-term viability of the Mary River Mine and are aware of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's concerns about the commercial viability of the project."
"in other words, the most important Member of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut - the Federal Government - has committed to the importance of economic development and investment in this area."
And they did that even though there was no financial disclosure in there.
This is a big problem.
"because if it is true that this project is not economically viable, the Member of the Legislative Assembly should look forward to seeing what he is saying."
"in all aspects of the Mary River project, Baffinland staff - as required - must come up with a number of ways to contribute to this environmental impact statement."
"but in terms of the program's financial ability, I don't think the Nunavut Impact Review Board really wants to create a public certification system."
"for example, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has recommended that a lengthy financial document obtained by the Department of Fisheries and Oceans is not" valid "and should not be tabled in the Legislative Assembly's public registry."
(the document is still on our website.)
The Nunavut Impact Review Board recommended that this document be tabled - and that it be withdrawn as a result of Baffinland's request.
"in this case, Baffinland wanted to provide, on a case-by-case basis, a shorter financial statement to explain why the Mary River project could generate more revenue as a result of a larger production."
I don't know if it's a personal issue, but it may be a problem.
Even though Baffinland has made some improvements in that area.
"in this case in response, the Nunavut Impact Review Board made a different decision, which does not make sense."
"if the federal government is going to make it economically viable, then this Federal Income Support Board has to do it as well."
"in fact, the Nunavut Impact Review Board and other regulatory bodies should be required to obtain additional evidence."
They should be very interested.
"as well as Baffinland's lease on the land, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association."
"in addition to any other concerns that may arise, the federal government should amend the federal legislation governing the Nunavut Impact Review Board's practices, the Nunavut Planning Commission and the Program Review Act, to clarify how financial information should be dealt with in the future."
"although I would like to take this opportunity to comment on the weather, there are still many questions that remain unanswered about Baffinland's latest expansion proposal, related to the rail link's impact on caribou populations, the impact of ships on whales, the project's lack of Inuit employment, and much more."
"there are a lot of questions as to why the Bathurst Inlet Port and Road Project, which was approved in 2013, was able to produce 18 million tonnes a year, and it is not clear yet why Baffinland was asked in 2013 to produce 18 million tonnes a year."
It is still not clear why Baffinland has not moved forward with this plan.
But the biggest question is how can this program be sustainable.
Child and Family Services Increase in Nunavik
Qikiqtarjuaq's economic growth is in line with Quebec's promises.
When the children and teachers were here at the Aqivik Early Childhood Centre in Hudson Bay in 2016.
"at that time of year the Quebec government extended the benefits to members of the early childhood program, depending on their family income."
"on November 7, 2019 these benefits were rescinded, with a daycare fee set at $8.25 per day."
(photo from Inuinnaqatigiitsiarniq)
Bessie Elaine Anderson
"the economic reform of Quebec has resulted in additional funding for family and child services in Quebec, including Nunavik."
"Quebec's economy was estimated at 2.4 percent in 2018 / 19, which is 0.6 percent higher than previously thought."
"in this case, Quebec's Minister of Finance, Eric Gerard, announced on November 7 that $857 million will be obligated at the end of the fiscal year."
There are two areas that will be taken into consideration in the review of the Child and Family Services Act.
"the modernization of Quebec's economy and financial system has resulted in Quebec's success in this area," Gerard says in a press release.
"economic growth in Quebec gives us an opportunity to reduce the deficit and fulfill the government's promises."
"with this program, Quebec is eliminating the additional support provided to families for child care that was implemented by Phillip Koke's previous Liberal government in 2016."
"through this program, there is an increase in the allowance for child care on top of the cost of a day's income."
This subsidy was increased to $15 per day for higher income earners.
"the families who make less than $50,000 did not receive an increase in the subsidy."
"the November 7 news release will reinstate the Quebec daycare fee of $8.25, eliminating the additional fees for all income earners."
This new fee in Nunavik will be used through the Kativik Community Government Program in Nunavik for child care.
"according to the Quebec newspaper, this new fee will be for this year, and this newspaper in Montreal reported that this will be effective January 1, 2019."
"as of last week, the parent of the Child Care Services Centre in all the communities of the Government of Nunavut, Jo-Anne Beatty, was not informed as to how or when these payments from Nunavik would begin."
Premier François Legault's government first made the decision to slow down the disbursement of additional resources and completely eliminate it by 2022.
A healthy economy and a newly created budget surplus of $4 billion for the 2019 / 20 fiscal year is helping to speed up the process.
"as well as eliminating the cost of child care, the Quebec government is moving forward with a child care increase that was promised in 2021."
"starting in January 2020, the Quebec Government announced that families in Nunavut will receive an increase of $779 a year."
"this subsidy is based on income, with a minimum of $1,000 deductible up to a maximum of $2,515 a year."
"this new rule is about child equality, it's more about the fact that the Liberal Party does not pay any more for child care than it does for the parent of the child."
"today, we will complete the implementation of various measures to help the people of Quebec," Gerard says.
"we are getting more money back to Quebec at a faster rate."
Former Nunavut MLA Peter Kattuk has passed away after a long illness
"Peter was respected for his efforts to deliver services and environmental benefits"
"Sanikiluaq's system has been erected in front of the Nunavut Court of Justice on Wednesday, November 20, evening, in honour of the former MLA and former Minister Peter Kattuk, who passed away in the morning after a long illness."
"the Sanikiluaq Community Operations Centre was erected on Wednesday, November 20 in front of the Nunavut Court of Justice in Iqaluit, in honour of Peter Kattuk from Sanikiluaq, who passed away this morning after a long illness."
"Mr. Kattuk, 69, a respected member, and community leader from his home community, became a member of Nunavut at the beginning of February 15, 1999, when the voters of Hudson Bay voted for this first Nunavut Legislative Assembly and they held their first meeting on April 1 of that same year."
"Peter Kattuk (left) along with former Commissioner of Nunavut Peter Irniq on April 12, 2000, when Mr. Kattuk was sworn in as Nunavut Minister."
"at the beginning of the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Kattuk was the Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth on April 12, 2000 to replace the Honourable Donald Havioyak, who resigned from his position."
"on December 17, 2001, Mr. Kattuk was moved from his position as Minister of Community and Government Services to this position in 2004."
"and in 2004, Sanikiluaq voters re-selected Mr. Kattuk from Hudson Bay, as a Member of the Legislative Assembly until 2008."
"Peter represented Hudson Bay for the past eight years as a double election candidate and his family is in my thoughts," Nunavut Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a news release.
"born on June 2, 1950, Mr. Kattuk spent many years in Sanikiluaq as an environmental activist, mayor and community leader."
"in the early 1990s, he was a member of the Sanikiluaq Impact Review Board, which is a community gathering knowledge of the impacts of a large hydropower system built in the vicinity of Northern Quebec due to the impact of ice and marine mammals on the Sanikiluaq islands."
The result was a report titled "Hudson Bay Sounds: cultural Knowledge of Inuit and First Nations in Hudson Bay."
"as the Mayor of Sanikiluaq, Mr. Kattuk has also spoken out in favour of the current decommissioning of the Churchill Power Plant."
"prior to that Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Hudson Bay Working Group, which was called the Nunavut Hudson Bay Neighbours Association."
"this group, formed by the Government of Nunavut, Nunavut Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and the Hamlet of Sanikiluaq, is monitoring the progress of the Sanikiluaq adjacent to the second power hydro hydro project proposal, which has also been stalled since then, for the Eastside and Rupert Rivers."
"and in 1996, Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Impact Review Board, a body established in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement."
"Peter Kattuk spoke in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on February 19, 2008, at the end of his second term in Hudson Bay."
"Mr. Kunuk Tattuinee, the Minister of Arctic Co-operatives, remembers Mr. Kattuk as a" very kind person, "and this is the first time that he has been able to get the seafood that the people of Sanikiluaq can eat."
"this is Paul Okalik, at the time when he was the Premier of Nunavut, he appointed Mr. Kattuk as the Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth in April 2000, saying that Mr. Kattuk had introduced Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit prior to this announcement."
"Peter was involved in the study of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit prior to this announcement," Mr. Okalik said in a press release in April 2000.
"before we had a job as a minister in 2001, Mr. Kattuk had to deal with the" bad taste "that we used to have.
This happened with the Northern Transportation Company bringing gasoline into Nunavut and causing damage to snowmobiles in the Baffin and Kivalliq regions.
"in his role, Mr. Kattuk also took on another issue: the Government of Nunavut's decision not to use NTCL and reallocate the Petroleum Products Division to the Whitford Partners in Labrador."
"he ran for re-election in October 2017, but he came in third place after Allan Rumbolt."
"Peter was respected for his dedication to career services and environmental initiatives," the actor said in a statement.
"Nunavik's new MLA says he will apply for housing funding, to be implemented by UNESCO (United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples)."
Sylvie Brewer is planning to visit in the new year and is looking for an Inuktitut interpreter.
The Member of the Legislative Assembly for Sanikiluaq, Sylvie Brewer, won the Bathurst Mandate in the October federal election.
(photo from Sylvie Brewer / BARD)
The newest member of the Legislative Assembly from Nunavik would like to hear from the Inuit leaders about their concerns.
The Members of the Legislative Assembly of Sivumut Abluqta won the Pangnirtung Tunngavik Incorporated election last fall in the federal election with 37.7 percent of the vote.
"when the Black Bloc members were speaking French, he said he was looking for an Inuktitut interpreter to work with him."
"I want to be able to make a clear statement on the needs of aboriginal communities," he says.
"to date, Mr. Brewer has indicated that there are two very important urgent needs in Nunavik that he is aware of in the areas of health and housing."
"health care is a province, but it's a federal subsidy," says Ruby.
"in order to increase the health benefits, the federal government must consider how it allocates them."
Ruby has worked in the health field for more than 30 years.
In the "Black Bloc" campaign, the group said that the province needs 10,000 housing units over the next 10 years. "
"in this case Ruby has been talking about, the potential for different designs."
"if we want this new Liberal government to move forward, then it is up to us to come up with a solution," Ruby says.
"this new member is not unusual in Nunavik, but he would like to attend the next annual general meeting of Makivik, which will be held in March."
"after the election of Mr. Brewer, Makivik President Charles Ford issued a news release welcoming Mr. Brewer to Nunavik to visit him as soon as possible."
"I look forward to meeting with him, and we welcome his support for what we are trying to do in the business community for his support and for the implementation of Jody Neilson's rights for aboriginal people," Ward says.
Having a dialogue with Inuit leaders would help with the work that Makivik is trying to do in the private sector.
"Ruby fully supports Bill C-262, which would bring Canada into compliance with the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples."
"in the two different pieces of legislation that he is replacing, he is a member of the Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, and he is a member of the Nunavut Association of Municipalities."
"this was brought forward in 2018, Bill C-262 was suspended by the Conservative Party this spring but the representative of the Government of Nunavut, Senator Peter Hall, said that when he was re-elected this government would have to implement the legislation."
"it is important for me to continue to work on Bill C-262 in accordance with the Constitution of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and the work of my predecessor Romeo Cartier," Mr. Brewer says.
"I will continue to support this project and I want to help Romeo in future endeavours.
It is unacceptable that Canada does not have this system in place by the end of 2020. "
Trudeau's government 2.0: don't expect too much.
"if you have a good idea, don't expect too much."
"Jane Bengts was the Minister of Aboriginal Services on March 23, 2018, along with Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, when she announced that the federal government would eradicate Inuit land before 2030."
Less than a year ago he retired from federal politics.
Maybe I found out during the federal election campaign or before any of the leaders talked about the issues that are important to Nunavummiut and the people of the north.
That's not surprising.
"the more important lawyers seem to be concerned about the majority of Canadians, because in the south, there are not enough people who will vote even if they are talking about the north that the majority of Canadians have never heard of."
"the Government of Nunavut was made aware of this situation, which resulted in a delay in the northern and northern policy decisions made the day before the campaign began."
"during the campaign, the issue of aboriginal issues, many of which overlap with northern issues, was also not addressed."
"as a result of the new reduction in Justin Trudeau's government, and the new Board of Governors being sworn into office on November 20, it is likely that they will continue to act with little care."
This is one of the symbols.
It is in reference to one of the key commitments made by the north since the Trudeau government became president in 2015: to eliminate at least 50 percent (half) of tuberculosis in the Inuit territory by 2025 and to completely eliminate it by 2030.
"this included an initial contribution of $27.5 million over five years, which will be used to" set up "four members of the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami."
"but the announcement seemed to smell like a pair of promises. to begin with, this was a TB reduction specialist for the Federal Government, Jane Ferry, who was the Aboriginal Services Minister who made that statement."
He resigned from Trudeau's legal team on March 4 in protest of Trudeau's failure to properly deal with Jody Wilson-Raybould.
This happened less than four days before Trudeau was going to Iqaluit to apologize for Canada's unfair treatment of people who suffered from tuberculosis in the 1950s and 1960s.
"since then, there has been a silence in the north about tuberculosis."
"even though they were nominated, they didn't get that much attention."
"and so far, the fight against tuberculosis has just stopped."
"for example, in the Northwest Territories, where there was a tuberculosis epidemic between 2006 and 2016 and it was recorded at 248.5 per 100,000 people, the Department of Health has only done one community survey."
"that's what happened in Repulse Bay, in 2018, when there was a tuberculosis outbreak and a boy who was 14 years old died of this disease while he was in the hospital with Jane Johns."
"in Nunavik, 313 people became ill with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, which is in conjunction with tuberculosis in the Inuit homeland, 234 cases per 100,000."
"however, there does not appear to have been any community studies done in Nunavik since 2018, when this article was published."
"indeed in Nunavut just a few years ago there was an outbreak of tuberculosis, this was when Stephen Harper was the last Conservative Prime Minister, long before Trudeau's Liberals were elected."
"for Nunavut, there have been 670 people diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, which is 171.8 out of 100,000 and there has been some work done on that."
(one person who has not been affected is the Inuvialuit of the Northwest Territories.
"at that time, we did not hear any cases of tuberculosis between 2007 and 2016."
Tuberculosis is a disease with a lack of resources.
This is an issue that has been brought up in the past.
But it is true.
"if people do not have adequate food and housing, tuberculosis can develop."
"on the other hand, poverty in Cape Dorset, in this case the 12-week TB study ended in May."
In 2016 the unemployment rate was around 27.3 percent.
"in 2015 the average income of 15-year-olds was just over $18,933."
"out of the 370 units, 120 units were in desperate need of repair."
"as a matter of national overcrowding, these 140 units from 370 units were deemed" uninhabitable "under the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation Act."
This means that there is a lack of classroom space based on the number of people in the household.
There are also a few people in Canada who do not have adequate housing.
"it is not surprising that over the last 20 years, tuberculosis has been declared an emergency in Nunavut and other parts of the north."
And it is unlikely that tuberculosis can be eradicated in these communities unless major changes are made to increase the supply and quality of housing.
"however, during the last campaign, Trudeau's lawyers did not make any public housing available, except to reiterate their 2016 and 2017 operational commitments."
"in this case, they are not even allowed to say that they have broken their language, nor did they have any concerns about that."
"this also reflects the history of Canada's medical emergency, where the rate of tuberculosis in the Inuit region is 300 times higher than the rate of tuberculosis among non-Inuit living in Canada."
"in Nunavut, it could be worse."
Last year's report revealed that one in 100 babies born in Nunavut may have this disease.
"given that they are not particularly concerned about the crisis, what are the concerns of the Trudeau Liberal government on other issues such as mental health, community housing needs, education and more?"
"if you have a good idea, don't expect too much."
"if you don't, be prepared to be put down."
"please note: the number of cases of tuberculosis continues to rise from Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami's" Inuit TB Reduction Framework, "published in November 2018."
The Cape Dorset data comes from the Statistics Canada report that was compiled during the 2016 census.
The New Year will focus on new RCMP officers and resources for the Nunavik RCMP.
Police officers and the use of body cameras have been put in place.
The Nunavut Association of Municipalities has a new RCMP detachment and surveillance system that will be launched in early 2020.
(photographer Elaine Anderson)
"after months of understaffing, the Nunavut Association of Municipalities is able to see that efforts have been made to recruit additional RCMP officers,"
The RCMP Superintendent Jean-Pierre LaRose came to the council to provide an update at the meeting of the Nunavut Association of Municipalities on November 26 on the progress that has been made to date.
This included the completion of 10 new community detachments from the Ontario Police College in the same week.
The recruitment process also included people who had retired as adults being given the opportunity to talk about the work of the centre.
"due to the lack of proper staffing, the Katimajiit of all the communities have had RCMP officers from the Quebec RCMP, from the Auditor General of Canada, from the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Katimajiit."
"in September, there were 20 Quebec police officers from Nunavik."
"there has been a decline in the number of Quebec RCMP officers as a result of the efforts of the Nunavut Association of Municipalities to recruit RCMP officers, and LaRose indicated that in early 2020 the Quebec RCMP may no longer be able to use the RCMP."
Cultural Awareness Skills Starts
The Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Katimajiit was posted on the RCMP website on November 18.
"skills development was developed by the Centre for Communities from the RCMP and Laval University and includes information on the Nunavik area, Inuit culture, and policing trends here in Nunavik."
"this can take up to three hours and once it is completed it will be tested in the early stages of training, which has been identified in the job application process."
"this skills program is intended to help the Katimajiit in every community police force to choose a culture of respect," LaRose says.
"the second part of the training is nine hours long and it requires a wide range of police skills," says LaRose.
This project is expected to be completed by the beginning of the new fiscal year.
The cameras will have to be used by the RCMP.
The other thing that was added by the RCMP and appreciated by the members is that they have to have the cameras that the RCMP are working on.
This is a pilot project and they are using six cameras right now.
"this work is driven by Nunavik's commitment to ensuring that all communities in the RCMP are able to be more transparent in their work," Ross says.
"the Kativik Community Policing Team aims to provide people with a place where they can go about their work and be more sociable."
Churchill Councillor Jobie Tapik had hoped that these cameras would be able to help people who have had problems with the RCMP.
"we hear from the RCMP that they are being treated unfairly and those are the words that they don't want to say very much.
"they have been intimidated by the police," Mr. Tapik says.
"this is what the body cameras are supposed to be used for."
"he went on to say that if only one or two RCMP officers are not doing the right thing, this has a huge impact, and it seems to be a concern for the whole RCMP."
"the idea is that these cameras, which take pictures of what the officer is doing, can be used in the short term."
LaRose said these cameras would come into effect in January.
He went on to say that inadequate and inadequate action will not only be offered by the RCMP.
"I just recently retired from the RCMP a week ago because of the lack of compliance with our program in Nunavik," he says.
"we don't want to have too many RCMP officers in Nunavik."
Nunavut's neighbours are talking about renewable energy in the north.
"representatives from Greenland, Canada and the United Kingdom are discussing ideas and experiences"
"Bruno Pereira, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation is presenting here at the Arctic Strengthening and Community Inuit Summit in Iqaluit, November 22, 2019."
(photo from the United States Auditor General)
Renewable energy experts from the north met in Iqaluit on November 21 and 22 to consider and share their experiences with the north.
"delegations from Nunavut, the Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, Greenland and the Jai Taiguusiliuqtiit discussed the challenges faced by different communities."
"the forum, called Decentralization Operations, Global Innovation and Engagement (improving governance, incorporating new programs and engaging stakeholders), was set up by American officials in collaboration with the Government of Nunavut and the Qulliq Energy Corporation."
"Bruno Pereira, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation, said the meeting was a way of finding out about the problems."
"in the interest of investing in renewable energy in our communities, we are very interested in finding out what others are doing, and finding out how their work has been accomplished or achieved," Pereira says.
"Mr. Pereira also said that although it is very important for representatives to come together to talk about fuel conservation, Nunavut has a lot of activities going on here in Alaska."
"some of the communities have access roads so they don't have a lot of people in the Nunavut communities.
"but they have challenges like us, in terms of being able to fit in, being able to deal with communities, so we can see a similar level of disability."
"Chris Rose, the Executive Director of the renewable energy program in Alaska, stated that the Alaska Energy Assistance Program has helped to promote renewable energy development."
"so we have been able to build 80 communities that have been able to utilize renewable energy on top of the fuel in Gjoa Haven.
"so we feel that we now know how to make a difference," Rose says.
"this subsidy, which is designed to promote renewable energy development programs, also helps the people of Alaska by reducing the cost of electricity."
"Mr. Rose said that in the southern part of Alaska, five communities are working together to develop wind turbines and they are using them for energy."
"now there is an integrated knowledge of how to manage and manage wind power and they can help each other in setting it up," Rose says.
"in Alaska, like Nunavut, home power bills are very high."
Mr. Rose said that the communities are using wind power not only for electricity but also for heating.
"what they have done is put small furnaces into people's houses that are surrounded by diamonds that look like flooring.
"when there is more wind, they go into the furnace, and they set up a small device that detects the furnace and the power goes out," Rose says.
"these are the environmental factors that cause the boiler to break down, which can keep the boiler warm."
"they can be turned off or burned in a home that is acceptable, and if they are unable to do so they can have another furnace."
"but in Greenland, the installation of wind turbines has been very difficult, according to News Corp's Eric Hickey, a project consultant for recycling in Nuuk."
"extreme cold and darkness make it difficult for wind farms in the south to adapt to the north," says Mr. Havioyak.
"Mr. Havioyak also stated that there were two wind turbines that were successfully installed in another location in Greenland's North, but they failed."
"we can also say that in Greenland we have more choices that can be made to take advantage of the resources that are available.
"even the two wind turbines that were installed in 200 different locations and the other 150 sites are also being tested," he says.
"one of the windmills went off, on the other hand, the heat was too thick for the cold and the engine broke down," Brooks says.
"during the 2019 federal election campaign, the three political parties stated that if elected Nunavut will get rid of fossil fuel by 2030."
"although it may take some time to develop a recycling program that can be used in the north, Mr. Havioyak stated that the elimination of fossil fuels is an urgent matter."
"we have to do what we can to get rid of fossil fuels, climate change, because there is already a problem right now."
This is for legal purposes because if you are not going to be using the fuel you have to have the resources but there is no money.
"to be able to fund a good project," he says.
Barra said it was a good experience to talk to the other side of Nunavut residents from the north.
"I think this is something that needs to be considered in a different way, in terms of how to start working towards recycling."
Some people have been using the technology and they have had problems in the south where they don't have the skills but they can't do it in the north.
"once we have the financial capacity we will be able to track the problems that have arisen," Barra says.
The Government of Nunavut should involve Inuit in the development of the Education Act: Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated
"this is a very important policy change that will affect many Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut."
"Aluki Kootoo, President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, testified before the Standing Committee on Legislation on Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act."
"Bi Aluki Kuksuk President, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated"
Issue: Minister Joanasie's Letter to Nunatsiaq News on Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Bill 25
"Minister Joanasie wrote a letter to Nunatsiaq News on November 25, 2019 concerning discussions between the Department of Education and Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated regarding Bill 25, indicating that these discussions were conducted in good faith and that NTI had ample opportunity to voice its concerns."
The minister is looking at encouraging Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated to hold public meetings and Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated to listen to the Government of Nunavut's view of working with the previous meetings.
That is not the case.
"Inuit have rights under Article 32 of the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to participate in the development of social and cultural policies, as well as the development of social and cultural programs and services, including governance."
It has to be a different foundation.
Bill 25 proposes amendments to the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act to streamline the policy and administration of Inuit language instruction.
This fundamental policy change will affect many Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut.
"in this way, people have the right to participate in the development and development of the system."
Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated did not have an opportunity to participate in the development of the policy requirements outlined in the proposed Bill 25.
"not only does it violate the Government of Nunavut's obligations outlined in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, it also demonstrates that efforts have been made to achieve a set of goals that better reflect Inuit goals and objectives."
"NTI has been working to develop regulations with the Government of Nunavut, such as the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Official Languages Act and the Wildlife Act."
"knowing that it could go ahead, NTI contacted the Premier and the newly elected government to coordinate cooperation and collaboration on Inuit priorities, including education, language and culture."
"the Department of Education did not submit a proposed bill to NTI until August 31, 2018, at which time the department provided a list of planned community consultations."
Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated was given less than a week to review Bill 25 and to plan and prepare for the Nunavut consultation tour.
This is not a working relationship.
"the department operated on a consultative basis, and did not seek to resolve or accommodate the concerns raised by the public. NTI and other organizations such as District Education Authorities (DEAs) and the Coalition of Nunavut District Education Authorities (DEAs) were also in attendance."
"I urge the Minister of Education to ensure that the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement is a clear mandate for the delivery of Article 32, and that the department should operate in a manner that is fair, objective and responsible and reflects the values of the United Kingdom when it comes to dealing with Inuit."
"Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated believes that the rewriting of the Education Act and the passage of the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Mandate should change the way the department operates, and the overall recognition of human rights."
Alookie Kuuttiktuq
"Minister, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated"
