Fifth Assembly
Opening Address
Monday, March 19, 2018
Pages 603 – 684
Speaker: The Honourable Joe Enook, M.L.A. Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Hon. Joe Enook
Charlie Audlakiak
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Ministers’ Statements 603
Members’ Statements 606
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery 614
Oral Questions 616
Tabling of Documents 638
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters 639
Report of the Committee of the Whole 681
Third Reading of Bills 682
Assent to Bills 683
Speaker’s Statement 683
Orders of the Day 684
Monday, March 19, 2018 603
046 – 2(1): Nunavut 2018 Youth Award Winner (Quassa) 603
047 – 2(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing Project (Iqaluit) 604
048 – 4(2): Red Seal Certificate Program (Savikataaq) 604
049 – 2(1): New Funding for Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie) 605
050 – 2(1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Shewchuk) 606
096 – 2(1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Grandchild (Rumbolt) 606
097 – 4(3): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq) 606
098 – 1(6): Tobacco Control Act (McLean) 607
099 – 2(1): Increase Education Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 608
100 – 2(1): Issues with Larga Boarding Home (Mikkungwak) 609
101 – 2(1): Congratulate Rosaline Ejangiaq (Netser) 610
102 – 2(1): Poisey Mike Recognized under Canada 150 (Netser) 610
103 – 2(1): Budget Reflections (McLean) 610
104 – 2(1): Two More Elders Sent Out for Care (Tootoo) 612
105 - 1(5): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue (Irqittuq) 613
106 – 5(1): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie) 614
123 – 2(1): Private Securities Act (Hickes) 616
124 – 2(1): Status of Site Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 617
125 – 2(1): School Break Policy (McLean) 618
126 – 2(1): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Netser) 619
127 – 2(1): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy (Netser) 620
128 – 2(1): Update on the Patient Relations Office (Qirngnuq) 622
129 – 2(1): Income Support Policies (Tootoo) 623
130 – 2(1): Mining Training (Barnabas) 624
131 – 2(1): Support for Hospital Staff (McLean) 626
132 – 2(1): Insurance Policy on Government Property (Hickes) 629
133 – 2(1): Increase Education Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 630
134 – 2(1): Grants and Contributions (McLean) 632
135 – 2(1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 633
136 – 2(1): Child Welfare and Early Childhood (Hickes) 634
137 – 2(1): Inuit Employment Requirements in Government Contracts (McLean) 636
029 – 2(1): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Matt Report from North Aurora Mines re: Mill Diamond Project (Picco) 638
030 – 2(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four-bay garage (Netser) 638
031 – 2(1): Correspondence from Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Runway Extension in Repulse Bay (Netser) 638
032 – 4(2): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 639
033 – 2(1): Options under the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Fund (Speaker) 639
34 – 2(4): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker) 639
015 – 4(3): Extension of Question Period (McLean) 632
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee 640
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 644
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 680
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Honourable David Akeeagok, Honourable Pat Angnakak, Honourable Jeannie Iqaqrialu, Honourable Joe Enook, Mr. George Hickes, Honourable David Joanasie, Mr. Joelie Qamaniq, Mr. Pauloosie Keyootak, Honourable Quassa Kusugak, Mr. Adam Lightstone, Mr. Arloo Main, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak, Ms. Margaret Nakasuk, Mr. Patterk Netser, Mr. Emiliano Qirngnuq, Honourable Paul Quassa, Mr. Allan Rumbolt, Honourable Joe Savikataa
>>House commenced at 13:33
Speaker (Hon. Joe Enook) (interpretation): Mr. Quassa, can you say the opening prayer, please.
Speaker (interpretation): Good afternoon, Premier, Members, and Nunavummiut who are listening to the radio broadcast and watching the televised proceedings. Welcome to your committee.
At this time, we will proceed with the orders of the day.
Premier of Nunavut, Mr. Quassa.
Minister’s Statement 046 – 2(1): Nunavut 2018 Youth Award Winner (Quassa)
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say “good day” to my fellow residents of Igloolik, my colleagues, and all Nunavummiut.
I would like my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Donna Maynard-Kimmaliardjuk on her award for the 2018 Youth Parliament in Winnipeg.
She is the first Inuk nurse to receive this honour.
Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was born in Chesterfield Inlet and he was the first Inuk cardiologist.
This is the fourth year of a six-year program at the University of Ottawa’s Heart Institute.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was able to be admitted to the Qikiqtani General Hospital in 2014 and he is the only registered heart specialist in Canada.
In 2016, she became a member of the Aboriginal Peoples’ Advisory Committee on AIDS, which represents Inuit.
During his time as a Member of the Legislative Assembly, he promoted Inuit health issues and Inuit culture.
Mr. Speaker, these awards represent the highest honour of our aboriginal peoples.
The scholarship celebrates its 25th anniversary in 2018 and honours 350 aboriginal, Inuit, and Métis students who have demonstrated outstanding achievement.
These awards celebrate a culture that reflects the diversity of indigenous peoples in Canada.
This year’s awards ceremony will be held on March 23 in Winnipeg.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Kimmaliardjuk on his recognition.
She has devoted her time and energy to celebrating Inuit societal values and healthy living, and she is a role model for our youth in Nunavut.
As I stated in my Member’s Statement, I would like to extend my congratulations to Dr. Kimmaliardjuk, as it is obvious that his work will be very important to us.
Minister of Justice, Mr. Iqaqrialu.
Minister’s Statement 047 – 2(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Swing (Iqaluit)
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I rise today to talk about the cultural sewing program for men at the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility.
These inmates are involved in sealskin preparation, sealskin preparation, and other activities, including making parka, sealskin pants, sealskin pants, sealskin bags, and sealskin garments.
The program is run by Rosemary Angutingaaq Sandy, a respected elder and seamstress who is well known worldwide.
He recently went to Norway to teach sealskins.
She was a student at Nunavut Arctic College’s Fur Production and Design Program and initiated the Fur Program with the Literacy Council of Nunavut.
Rosemary supports inmates in providing culturally appropriate, healthy, and safe Inuit language and cultural healing programs.
The sewing program will work with and support on-the-land programs where inmates learn how to hunt and how to properly prepare skins and food.
These furs and skins will be used in the sewing program.
Programs such as this provide inmates with the opportunity to reintegrate into the community once their sentence is over and to apply for rehabilitation instead of criminal behaviour.
I recently visited the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility and was pleased to note the positive impact that the Piqqusilirivvik programming has had on the community’s elders, such as Rosemary Shawn.
Minister of Family Services, Mr. Savikataaq.
Minister’s Statement 048 – 4(2): Red Seal Certificate Program (Savikataaq)
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I say “good day” to the people of Arviat.
Mr. Speaker, this program is for certified heavy equipment operators, loaders, and mechanics.
In September 2016, heavy equipment operator training was offered in all three regions of Nunavut.
This allows Nunavummiut to take advantage of the Nunavut Apprenticeship Program and the Certificate Program, known as the Certificate Program.
In November of 2017, Nunavut received the Red Seal certification for heavy equipment operators and heavy duty technicians.
Mr. Speaker, as part of the Heavy Equipment Operator Program, this program exceeds the provincial and territorial certification standards. It promotes the knowledge, skills, and abilities of heavy equipment operators across Canada.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that we have been able to provide Nunavummiut with a national award in recognition of the outstanding achievements of Nunavummiut.
Minister of Education, Minister Joanasie.
Minister’s Statement 049 – 2(1): New Funding for Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Good afternoon, my colleagues, the people of Cape Dorset, Kimmirut, and Nunavut.
Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure today to announce that the Department of Education will be making operations and maintenance funding available to eligible daycares.
Mr. Speaker, these increases are the result of a three-year program plan that my department developed for early childhood education and daycares as a result of a bilateral agreement signed in September 2017 with the Government of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, this current fiscal year will see eligible daycares receive increased funding ranging from a minimum of $1,918.80 to a maximum of $45,494.80 depending on the number, type, and location of the daycare.
As long as the daycares do not increase their tuition and fees, they will be eligible for similar funding in the next fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, this funding will not only help daycares with operating expenses, it will also help families with child care expenses without increasing their costs.
Mr. Speaker, we are proud to be able to provide this funding to support daycares and families.
I also believe, and I am sure that we all believe that this funding will have a positive impact on the stability of both the funding and the daycare expenses.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Minister’s Statement 050 – 2(1): Nunavut Mining Symposium
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Good day to the people of Nunavut and my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, the mining sector is a cornerstone of Nunavut’s economic development.
The department is committed to supporting the mining sector to ensure that Nunavummiut benefit from such activities.
Mr. Speaker, representatives from across Canada will be in Iqaluit for the 21st annual Nunavut Mining Symposium from April 9 to 12, 2018.
This conference provides an excellent opportunity for Inuit to explore new opportunities in Nunavut’s mineral exploration and mining sector and to ensure that our communities are aware and involved in mineral exploration and mining in Nunavut.
We expect that this year’s mining symposium will continue to be one of the best attended events in Nunavut and we expect more than 400 participants to attend.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to welcoming mining companies, Inuit organizations, exploration companies, community representatives, and other stakeholders to this important meeting.
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would like to encourage all Members of the Legislative Assembly and the public to attend this public event on April 11.
It’s not just an opportunity to come up with some good ideas, but also to look at the impact that search and rescue has on the people involved.
Members’ Statements. Member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
Member’s Statement 096 – 2(1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Grandchild (Rumbolt)
Mr. Speaker, five years ago to this day, the former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly rose in this House to announce the birth of my first grandson. This is the first time in five years that I have had a grandson.
Happy birthday, Jayden.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member’s Statement 097 – 4(1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
What I’m going to be talking about is something that is very good for young people to think about and to plan for their future.
I rise today to share some good news with my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to inform the House that Inuit youth from across the Kitikmeot will be gathering in Cambridge Bay next week for the 2018 Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment Conference.
Mr. Speaker, this gathering provides an opportunity for the Kitikmeot youth to meet and discuss their priorities and concerns with the youth.
This includes:
Mental wellness;
Youth facilities;
Experience;
Promoting Inuit societal values, residential school solutions, and reconciliation; and
The protection of the Inuit language and culture.
Mr. Speaker, the participants from Taloyoak are:
Judy Crow;
David Tungilik;
Harold Paniyuk;
Lorne Oleekatalik; and
Crystal Mitchell.
Participants from Kugaaruk are:
Becky Makittuq;
Brenda Rose Arqviq Qirngnuq;
Christine Doriana Qirngnuq;
Chantel Kanayuk Qirngnuq; and
Pauline Illuitok.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in wishing them the best of luck in their gathering.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightstone.
Member’s Statement 098 – 2(1): Tobacco Control Act (McLean)
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to address concerns that have been brought to my attention by a number of my constituents concerning the issue of marijuana legalization.
I just recently received a letter and it says, “All of my family members in Iqaluit live in public housing units.
Over the last couple of years we have had to smoke, we have had to move because the smell, the smoke coming into my house is very strong.”
The letter goes on to state that, and I quote, “I am deeply concerned about the impact of second-hand smoke on my children and others who are in this situation.”
Mr. Speaker, as residents of Iqaluit, my family and I share an apartment building.
Mr. Speaker, second-hand smoke affects other people who do not smoke.
It has been a long time since people have been aware of the harmful effects of second-hand smoke and the government has passed legislation that prohibits smoking in public places.
As a father with children, I don’t want them to be affected by these types of illnesses that are associated with tobacco, and marijuana smoke.
As my colleague from Pangnirtung pointed out, the member asked a question to the Minister of Health about the health consequences of marijuana.
I have spoken to a number of my constituents who have similar concerns.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that when you’re dealing with a situation like this, you have to try and balance things out.
The federal government’s new Tobacco Damage Prevention Act will come into force in a few months.
I would like to ask for unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Lightstone, please proceed.
Thank you, my colleagues.
Under this legislation, elders will be able to possess and smoke marijuana. However, the government will have to make a decision on how to regulate where smoking is permitted within the community.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet also noted last week that the government’s own research and results indicate that there is a concern about the agricultural use and consumption of public housing and condominium units.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that when this legislation is introduced in the Legislative Assembly, it will be necessary to clearly articulate these concerns and I look forward to working with my colleagues to achieve the best possible solution.
Before we proceed, I would like to inform members that our colleague, Mr. Akoak, is not here due to illness.
I wish Mr. Akoak a speedy recovery.
Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Member’s Statement 099 – 2(1): Increase Education Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say “hello” to the people of Baker Lake and all Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage our government to increase training opportunities in Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Baker Lake is a rapidly growing community and it will be important that efforts are made now to provide more training and employment opportunities for the residents of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Piqqusilirivvik operates a number of programs in Baker Lake.
This can be greatly expanded so that the public will have a better understanding and experience of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, the idea of establishing a university in Nunavut has been raised, and Agnico Eagle Mines has indicated that it would be willing to support such a move.
I think it would be best if it was put in the centre of Nunavut because it’s also the centre of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, one of my colleagues said that it’s very important that we take these things as soon as possible before they pass.
The wheels of government move very slowly, but in spite of that, we must encourage and push forward when opportunities arise in front of us.
Mr. Speaker, this is the beginning of our term as the Fifth Legislative Assembly, and I, too, would like to see us take a big step forward.
Expanding educational opportunities in communities such as Baker Lake would be a positive step forward.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Member’s Statement 100 – 2(1): Issues with the Larga Boarding Home
Mr. Kamingoak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good afternoon, colleagues, Kuglukturmiut, and Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage the government to more closely monitor the daily operations of medical boarding homes.
Mr. Speaker, a number of my constituents have brought forward concerns that they feel should have been dealt with a long time ago.
It’s a food problem, it’s a waste problem, and it’s been going on for months.
Mr. Speaker, it is important that the government ensures that the services that are paid for by Nunavummiut are actually delivered.
I understand that the boarding homes require a lot of people to stay at the boarding home on a daily basis but it is also important that they are comfortable and well looked after.
Mr. Speaker, it is unclear whether boarding homes will be included in the review of the Medical Travel Policy.
I look forward to the results of the review and the recommendations that will be made to improve the services and conditions of the boarding homes.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Member’s Statement 101 – 2(1): Congratulate Rosaline Ejangiaq (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I rise today to congratulate Rosaline Ejangiaq of Repulse Bay.
He is a young man who has graduated from high school but has worked very hard and has been recognized as a recipient of the Horace Elder Canada Scholarship.
Mr. Speaker, the Horace Elder Canada Scholarship is a scholarship that is awarded to post-secondary students who, despite some difficulties, are able to successfully complete their studies.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ms. Ejangiaq for her perseverance and her commitment to continuing her education.
Many of our young people are struggling with the challenges and barriers that they face in completing their high school education.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on his achievement. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Member’s Statement 102 – 2(1): Poisey Mike Recognized Under Canada 150 (Netser)
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you.
Good afternoon, my colleagues, my relatives, and the people of Pangnirtung.
I rise this afternoon to congratulate one of my constituents from Pangnirtung who was recognized by Dennis Patterson.
I would also like to congratulate a person who has been volunteering for 18 years for search and rescue in Pangnirtung. Poisey Mike has been volunteering for the search and rescue for 18 years and I would like to congratulate him.
The last name on my list, Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Member’s Statement 103 – 2(1): Budget Reflections
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say “good day” to the people who are watching the video.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer some observations and recommendations concerning the government’s financial management practices.
Mr. Speaker, for those of us who are new to this House, the past two weeks have been a learning experience.
Mr. Speaker, as Chair of the Regular Members’ Caucus of the Legislative Assembly, I would like to express my appreciation to all of my colleagues for the opportunity to work together since the beginning of the new Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say that we made a strong public statement on Friday that the Legislative Assembly will not tolerate and that the government must respect its own procurement laws.
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. My colleague from Iqaluit-Tasiluk introduced a very important motion on Friday and I look forward to moving this motion when the House reconvenes for its spring sitting.
Mr. Speaker, although we are a territorial government, this one is not always working well.
For example, last week, I indicated in my opening comments that when we were dealing with the college’s capital budget, the government listened to our concerns and even changed its budget.
I look forward to seeing more of that in the coming weeks and years, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, over the last few weeks, Members of the Legislative Assembly have been asking a lot of questions on a daily basis.
I think it’s fair to say that now that we have identified our goals, it’s clear that we need to do more research on the government’s expenditures.
It is not enough if we are just counting the amount of money that is going out.
I would like to ask for unanimous consent to conclude my statement, Mr. Speaker.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Main, please proceed.
Mr. Main: Thank you.
Mr. Speaker, I am referring to the issue of measuring outcomes.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that this information should be made public in the Legislative Assembly so that we, as elected Members of the Legislative Assembly, can make informed decisions: should any of our expenditures be increased, decreased, altered, or eliminated in order to deal with our limited resources?
Mr. Speaker, I will cite the following examples.
I think we can all agree that the way the government administers the tax rebate for harvesters, there is not enough support for the harvesters.
The Department of Environment, which administers the government’s Harvester Support Program, must carefully review its programs and determine what improvements can be made to target harvesters to help offset the high cost of fuel.
Mr. Speaker, I will also take this opportunity to provide further examples of the government’s grants and contributions spending.
We know that the government has spent a lot of money on developing incentives.
We are aware of the amount of money that has been borrowed by commercial enterprises.
We know who was given the money.
We don’t know what this money was used for.
We don’t know how many Inuit were hired by Nunavummiut from that fund and we don’t even know what the money was used for.
Mr. Speaker, as you know, I can talk about these issues for a long time, but I will stop there.
I would like to add that I look forward to reviewing the budget process in the Legislative Assembly and I look forward to working with all of my colleagues to strengthen our budget in support of all of our communities and constituents.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Member’s Statement 104 – 2(1): Two More Elders Travelling for Care (Tootoo)
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Residents of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet, I rise today to pay tribute to one of our most respected elders, Annie Tatty, who is on her way to Ottawa by plane.
As well, one of our elders, Amarok, as I stand in this House today, has been sent to Gjoa Haven because he is not an elder.
I want to be heard by the people of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet.
As soon as I got elected in November, when I looked at the business plan, I asked the Minister of Health at the top, “Where are the plans for the establishment of an elders’ care facility in Rankin Inlet or in Nunavut?”
I was assured by the Minister of Health and Social Services that all of us as MLAs are very sensitive and concerned about our elders.
At the upcoming meeting in Pond Inlet, this issue will be brought up.
I am waiting.
A few days ago, I rose when we were dealing with the capital estimates and I didn’t see the money set aside for the elders’ facility.
I was told that I should not be talking about this issue and that I should resign.
However, I was grateful to our Chairman, Mr. Allan Rumbolt, for allowing me to continue to express my feelings on the elders’ facility.
I rise today to criticize myself as an elected official.
The idea of sending elders to a southern jurisdiction where they have not grown up is not acceptable.
We want to be a good legislature, we want to be a good government, and we have told our elders to respect them, and we have sent them out of the territory.
Member for Amittuq, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member's Statement 105 - 1(5): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue (Irqittuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thought I was forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my pride in my fellow residents.
The search and rescue teams work very hard to search for people when there is a search and rescue operation.
They just use it for their own purposes.
I rise today to congratulate the following people from Hall Beach: Chairperson Kyle Issigaitok, Vice-Chairman George Inukshuk, and Director Martha Gibbons Tupik.
As well, one of our elders, Abraham Ullalaaq, is an elder.
As I stated before, the first person who goes out on the land to do search and rescue is an elder or a young person.
We have to provide more assistance to our youth because our elders tell us the truth.
We don’t think that they’re making a future for us.
Now I’m on this side of the House. I’m always disappointed, but I’ll listen again.
If you are going to be going out on the land, please be prepared.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize the Igloolik Hunters and Trappers Organization. They had a meeting this week in Hall Beach and spring is just around the corner.
With that being the case, Mr. Speaker, if you’re going to be going out on the land, SPOT devices, GPS, and if you’re asking elders where to go, I’ll be able to catch you right away.
Those kinds of things.
The reason why I rise today is to reiterate that the search and rescue has one snowmobile and they have made repeated requests to the Department of Community and Government Services, but they have never received a response.
I would like to see more support provided to the search and rescue teams.
That’s it.
The last name on the list, Member for South Baffin, Mr. Joanasie.
Member’s Statement 106 – 4(1): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
It will be held at the Sam Pudlat School in Cape Dorset and anyone will be welcome to learn how to play music or write songs.
I would also like to recognize the choir that performs these beautiful songs and I would like to thank them for being able to go to Cape Dorset with the help of the Hamlet of Cape Dorset.
There are none.
Member for Quttiktuq, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize four individuals in the Gallery.
First of all, I would like to recognize the Federal Director of Parks and Special Places for Nunavut, Jenna Byrne, and her staff. She is always looking after me and our children, my wife, Carol Akeeagok.
I would also like to thank my sister, Naomi Kirkuk Kuluguqtuq, for being able to come to Iqaluit from the furthest community.
I would also like to welcome Jayden Natanine to the Gallery. He is one of our daughters and he is always going to school with our daughter. I am very proud of him.
I would like to give a little bit of background.
When I was a child, although I was still a child…
…I caught my first seal in a lake.
I don’t think there were too many, but I think it was the first time that they caught a seal in a lake and we were over there on a sand island.
They helped a lot and they were my foster parents.
I would like to thank them very much for being able to come here.
Welcome to the House, Mr. Uttak and your officials.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My parents in Ukkusiksalik, although it is now a national park, all of us were given pictures. I recognize all of you and we are grateful to our oldest and youngest.
I was billeting in Igloolik and Teresa Uttak gave me a cup of tea. I would also like to thank Louie Uttak for providing me with good food and I will be staying with you again.
Thank you very much.
Welcome to the Gallery.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Mr. Kamingoak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naomi Kopak Kuluguqtuq and Carol Akeeagok, they are my relatives.
Naomi is from Grise Fiord. It’s been a long time since I haven’t had a family member on a daily basis, as you can see.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would like to recognize and congratulate my husband who is here, Andrew Nakasuk.
Please welcome him.
Mr. Nakasuk, welcome to the House.
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery. I have no more names on my list.
We will move on in our orders of the day.
We will begin with the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
Question 123 – 2(1): Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice.
Mr. Speaker, I have asked a number of my colleagues over the last couple of weeks to join me in calling for referees to be trained more consistently and fairly.
I would like to ask the minister if he will be introducing legislation during the life of this government to address this issue.
Minister of Justice, Mr. Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
As of today, the Government of Nunavut does not have a Code of Values and Ethics.
Our department is aware of the companies that are now hiring security guards in our communities such as health centres.
We are currently in the process of reviewing the policy for the establishment of a Nunavut-owned security company.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As the minister indicated, one of the last jurisdictions in Canada that doesn’t have a private security system is the Northwest Territories. We want to make sure that we have a private security system that is accountable and that we have people that are trained to provide that service.
All jurisdictions have introduced legislation in this regard.
My next question is: once the review is done, is there going to be a policy or legislative proposal coming forward to the House?
Mr. Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Mr. Hickes, yes, we can start working on developing policies or regulations for the private sector.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Hickes.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
Mr. Speaker, at this point in time, I would just like to say that the Department of Justice is being monitored by the RCMP and the Law Enforcement Division is working with Community and Government Services to coordinate the contract requirements for the Government of Nunavut to provide security services.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The regulations or policies that are prepared by the Department of Justice or any other department, when they are drafting the regulations, then our department is involved from the beginning.
I don’t have that information in front of me, but I can look into it and get back to you.
Question 124 – 2(1): Status of Site Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you very much.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
I would like to follow up on some of the questions that I asked the minister last week concerning the clean-up of the contaminated site in Baker Lake.
In one of his responses to me, the minister indicated that a “preliminary report” had been prepared and submitted to QEC.
Will the minister commit to providing a copy of this report to both the Hamlet Council of Baker Lake and myself as the MLA for the community?
Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation, Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Yes, Mr. Mikkungwak, I can commit to doing that.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
One of the things that the minister rose to talk about was the possibility of the Qulliq Energy Corporation working with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean up the site. Mr. Speaker, I would be happy to share that good news with the Hamlet of Baker Lake when I get back to the community next week and I will encourage the hamlet staff to meet with QEC officials.
Mr. Speaker, I don’t think that would be possible because the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s headquarters is located in Baker Lake.
The minister indicated that the Qulliq Energy Corporation has already spent $1.68 million to date on the clean-up.
Can the minister clarify how much it would cost to clean up the remaining rubble?
Mr. Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The overall clean-up cost for the Qulliq Energy Corporation is approximately $10 million. That’s the amount of money that I mentioned earlier. The damage has been done since the creation of Nunavut.
We are committed to working with the Hamlet of Baker Lake on the clean-up of the current contaminated site.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
As I indicated in last week’s question, the federal government or the Government of Nunavut has not finalized the rates yet.
Mr. Speaker, I am in support of the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s position that these damages occurred while the project was under federal jurisdiction.
Will the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation commit to working with the Minister of Justice to review and clarify the legal options that may be open to him in this area?
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Yes, as the Minister of Energy and the Minister of Justice, we will work together to resolve this issue.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightstone.
Question 125 – 2(1): School Leave Policy (McLean)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Public Service Act.
In previous years, the government’s most recent annual reports on the administration of the Public Service indicate that a significant number of employees took advantage of such programs as the Summer Student Employment Equity Program.
Unfortunately, the 2016-17 annual report did not include this information.
Will the minister commit to providing the House with that information?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The annual reports are tabled annually and I’m sure that they will be tabled throughout the year because they are tabled annually.
I’m not sure if the need is going to be there, but I can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Lightstone.
I would just like to ask the minister if he could make that information available to the House as to how many employees took advantage of the training program in 2016-17.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Speaker (interpretation): The question has been taken as notice.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Question 126 – 2(1): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today are for the Minister of Community and Government Services.
I have asked the minister in the past about the old Pangnirtung Health Centre that is no longer in use after the new health centre was constructed and opened.
The old health centre has not been used for a long time, but it has remained closed.
My question is: what kind of plans does the minister have for the old health centre?
Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to thank the member for asking that question.
When buildings that are no longer being used by the government are no longer being used by the Department of Community and Government Services, it becomes a question of whether other government departments would like to use the buildings.
The old health centre that was built in 1975 in Pangnirtung went through that same process.
The Department of Health does not want to use it anymore.
We did a request for proposals to various government departments and we have not heard of any requests for proposals.
According to the procedures of the government, we are now making plans to see if the hamlet council would like to take over that responsibility. That’s where we are at right now.
If they don’t want it, then we would have to go back to the non-profit community to see if they would like it.
There is a process for disposal of surplus assets by the government.
That is where we are at right now.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
If I understand correctly, the communities have been asked if they would like to take on that responsibility or what is the status of that?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We haven’t heard from the government whether they want it or not.
At this time, we are in the planning stages to see if the hamlet would be interested in doing a feasibility study.
That is where we are at right now.
Your final supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
I would like to thank the minister for his response.
I don’t know if the hamlet would want it, but if it can’t go from there, what happens to the government buildings that are no longer going to be used?
I thank the member for that question.
There are four main criteria that we use.
For example, when the old Pangnirtung Health Centre was no longer wanted by the Department of Health, we asked if other government departments wanted it.
The hamlet didn’t want it, so we’re going to see if the hamlet wants it.
Those are the criteria that we use when we go through that process.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Question 127 – 2(1): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my questions to the Minister of Family Services.
I would first like to say “good afternoon” to them. Since I have been here for a long time, I haven’t said “good afternoon” to them.
We will be going home very shortly.
Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that some of Nunavut’s most vulnerable individuals have to travel south for treatment, even away from their families and communities.
I agree with you that when you are visited by a family member, it changes a lot.
The Department of Family Services’ Client Travel Policy was posted on the government’s website in June of 2013 and came into effect on March 31, 2018.
I was led to understand that the previous Minister of Family Services had agreed to make changes to the family travel policy.
Can the minister indicate if any changes to the Department of Family Services’ client travel policy have been made since 2013 and, if not, will any changes be made after March 31 of this year?
Minister of Family Services, Mr. Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I can’t speak for the previous minister or myself, but what I can say is that the policy will be in place until the end of March 2018 and it will remain in place until a new policy is changed.
I haven’t heard from any of the Department of Family Services officials that they’re looking at changing that policy.
If there is a need to change it, we can look at it, but we can’t change anything just for the sake of changing it until we look at it carefully.
If there seems to be a need for changes that are going to be beneficial to the clients and to the government then we can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The Department of Family Services’ Client Travel Policy states that an adult who is being cared for by the Department of Family Services in a residential care facility can be visited by two family members or guardians on an annual basis.
Can the minister indicate if this policy has been revised to ensure that two family members are allowed to visit twice a year?
Two return tickets; two people can travel together or one person can visit twice.
Just to clarify, two return tickets is one, two return tickets per year for one foster child.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Will the minister commit to considering changing family travel arrangements for elders who are in care?
The policy is going to expire very soon and once it expires, we will have to review it, but at this time, I can’t say yes right away until we review the whole policy.
I’m sure that there’s going to be a review done on all the medical travel that is paid for by the Department of Family Services.
We will have to work with the Department of Health to make sure that the policies are adhered to, but at this time, I can’t commit to anything else because the Medical Travel Policy will be expiring soon and I’m sure the contents will be reviewed.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Question 128 – 2(1): Update on the Patient Relations Office (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Mr. Speaker, from time to time, a number of my constituents come to my office in our community to seek help with their medical travel issues.
As the minister often tells us, he even created a toll-free number this week where Nunavummiut can call the patient relations office if they have any concerns.
Mr. Speaker, the language and where you live is one of the barriers.
My question for the minister: can the minister tell the House what other means by which the Office of Patient Relations can be contacted?
Minister of Health and Social Services, Minister Angnakak.
Hon. Patterk Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand your concern and we do try to encourage people to call the toll-free number so that you can get an immediate response.
I don’t have that information in front of me. It also has an email address and a fax number.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I don’t know if he answered my question or not, but I’ll ask it anyway.
Mr. Speaker, the Information and Privacy Commissioner has raised a number of concerns with respect to the issue of privacy, and I understand that it is important that steps be taken to ensure that personal information is not compromised.
The Office of Patient Relations has a form that identifies complaints or concerns.
However, if you don’t have a fax machine, you don’t have the ability to send it out on your own. You don’t have all the computers to take the picture and send it to the computer.
Can the minister clarify why the Office of Patient Relations does not require a fax copy of the complaint to be sent to the patient relations office?
An Hon. Member: Good question.
Ms. Angnakak.
That’s a very good question.
I think it’s because we’re getting less and less bandwidth out there. With all of the advances that we’re making as a government, we’re getting more and more bandwidth out there.
According to my briefing note, the government has a website that can be accessed at www.patientrelations@gov.nu.ca. Every community has a health centre.
If you want to send out an application form by fax, you can do that. There are government liaison officers in every community.
They can be faxed from their community to our headquarters.
If the patient relations office didn’t have a fax machine, I could find out why.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Question 129 – 2(1): Income Support Policies
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to follow up on the questions that were asked by the Member for Kugluktuk in regard to income support.
The minister indicated that the Income Support Case Management System that the department will be signing off on is part of the program selection process.
Can the minister clarify how the search for a proper job selection process can be undertaken when there are no job opportunities?
Minister of Family Services, Mr. Savikataaq.
With respect to the (interpretation ends) enhancements to the selection process, (interpretation) it would seem to me that if there are no vacancies, then yes, there are no vacancies, but sometimes they can be filled on a short-term basis by casual employees.
Perhaps if the contractor was able to find a suitable contractor to fill the position, they would be able to fill the position.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Towtongie.
The Income Support Program is a policy of the Government of Nunavut and not a law.
If it was a policy, we wouldn’t be able to make any changes as MLAs.
What I see is when a young person doesn’t have a job to do on their own and they want a young person to sign up for a job that doesn’t have a job to do on a monthly basis, and that’s what they’re doing on a monthly basis, it’s kind of embarrassing and disheartening.
Can the minister clearly explain what kinds of Nunavut-specific policies his department can provide to the smaller communities in this regard?
Right now, it’s just a model for Nunavut and not for the north.
The Client Travel Policy applies only to Nunavut.
It’s only used for outside of Nunavut.
There was a review done on the Income Support Program and the policy was changed.
At this time, there is still a lot of money available for income support recipients, as well as child tax benefits that are not deducted from the Nunavut Income Support Program.
The apprenticeship program was going to be reviewed again and I feel for them.
If they don’t have a job, then they won’t be able to get a job. However, with respect to the benefits, yes, they have to be carefully selected, but this will be looked into further.
Question 130 – 2(1): Mining Training
Mr. Irniq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to direct my question to the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that when the mining sector seeks to develop and create employment, and is responsible for the environment, these benefits can be realized.
Perhaps my question today will be in regard to apprenticeship programs.
Last year, you tabled the 2017-18 main estimates for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which included $200,000 in funding for the Nunavut Mine Training Program.
Can the minister clarify or respond to this question as to how much funding was used for the 2017-18 fiscal year?
Mr. Speaker, I hope I was understandable.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to thank the member for his question.
What I can say about mine training is that I don’t have a breakdown of how it was spent.
The department is working with the Department of Family Services, Nunavut Arctic College, the Government of Canada, our mining industry, and Inuit organizations on a number of projects to prepare Nunavummiut for opportunities in the mining sector. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Joanasie.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that answer.
Will the Department of Finance be increasing or decreasing its budget for the 2018-19 fiscal year?
Ms. Sheutiapik.
I can’t respond to that right now, but I apologize if I can get back to the member’s question on how the $200,000 has been spent.
The Kitikmeot Corporation’s Apprenticeship Program, $61,000 was used for that, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s Literacy Program for the Baffin region, $60,000, and the Arviat Hamlet Employment Readiness Program, $78,000 was used for heavy equipment operator training.
Thank you for clarifying your question.
As members will recall, last week, I tabled a copy of the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s most recent annual report on the mining sector.
They are going to be doing some work near Hall Beach this spring.
I wonder if the minister and the Department of Economic Development and Transportation can work with NIRB, not just with the mining companies, to see what kind of training programs can be made available to the people of the High Arctic.
I would like to add, Mr. Speaker, that Hall Beach is a small community and there’s going to be a lot of money that is going to be used for that community.
You also stated that you will be supporting the mining companies.
What I’m trying to ask, Mr. Speaker, is: are you going to be able to deal with the funding that you identified for the Mary River project?
There is Mary River in the Baffin, there is gold in the Kivalliq, and there is also gold in the Kitikmeot.
Are you going to be able to deal with this properly?
For example, if I was an Inuk and I wanted to pursue higher education, how would I be properly trained and how would the Department of Economic Development and Transportation be able to assist me?
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank the member for that excellent question.
The Department of Education has a mine training centre and I think it’s important to recognize that there are different types of mines that are being developed.
There are different departments involved. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Oral Questions.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 131 – 2(1): Support for Hospital Staff
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health and Social Services.
First of all, let me say that my question is related to many communities, not just my community.
I believe this applies to all of Nunavut, especially our nurses and other health care professionals.
They are under pressure, Mr. Speaker, if they are aware, and that is one of the reasons why they are overworked.
That’s one of the reasons why we don’t have enough staff. We don’t have enough staff because there’s a lot of work that needs to be done.
It seems obvious that this is one of the causes of poverty in Nunavut.
I hope you understand me because I’m speaking in Inuktitut.
Let me say it in English. (interpretation ends) Mr. Speaker, the number of positions in the department is increasing due to capacity issues.
My question for the minister is this: can the minister tell the House what steps his department has taken to provide additional support to health centre staff in communities where there is a high workload?
Minister of Health and Social Services, Minister Angnakak.
I thank the member for that very important question.
The issue of staffing at the hospital is a very important one and it’s something that we have been working very hard on as a department to make sure that we have adequate staff at the hospital.
Hopefully that will be the case, but we are always short of funds.
I know for a fact that the nurses are overworked.
Our department does what it can, what it can do.
We just did that in one of the communities. When the nurse was tired, we sent an additional nurse to provide support.
That information is sent to the nurse in charge when there is a high vacancy rate in the community.
When a nurse is in a situation where there is a vacancy or a sickness, when a nurse is in a situation like that, we look at where we can get an escort from within the community.
With regard to the recruitment of nurses, we don’t want to reduce the number of nurses providing health care in Nunavut.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his response.
I think we’re all concerned about the department’s staffing statistics. Using my two communities as an example, it’s evident that there are still too many vacant positions in the health centres.
Arviat has a 70 percent vacancy rate and Arviat has a 44 percent vacancy rate.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that this is a challenging and challenging issue.
I would now like to ask the minister if he could explain the challenges that his department faces in ensuring that there are adequate staffing levels at the community health centres, which are always very busy.
Ms. Angnakak.
At the end of the day, after 30 months, we’re not able to retain them when they’re trained. I don’t know if they’re new or not. It’s very stressful to be a nurse in a community.
That’s one of the things that you have to look at. In terms of providing support to the communities, the department has been working very hard to try and address that.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I thank the minister for his response.
Maybe to put it another way, Mr. Speaker, we know that there are problems in the communities where there is always a lot of work to do and there is always a shortage of nurses working in the health centres.
I would like to get clarification on exactly what is happening with these problems in the communities, what is being done, and what are the thoughts of the people who are experiencing these problems in the communities?
What is being done and what is being considered to ensure that our nurses and other health care professionals are supported by the department?
Hon. Pat Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Just to be clear, I don’t have that level of detail with me.
For example, if we’re only open for emergencies, we can’t make appointments at a time when the workload is too great or there are too many nurses leaving for whatever reason.
In the department, as I said, we’re trying to fill all the positions. It’s a challenge because we’re competing with the rest of Canada.
That’s what we’re trying to do. I know that they work with people who have experience in the north, not so much in the north but in places like northern Manitoba.
There are a number of different methods that we use. I know that the Department of Health and Social Services is well aware of the methods that our nurses use.
We try to assist them as much as we can. It’s not as simple as fixing it right away, but we have to keep working on it. If you have any ideas, please let me know.
Question 132 – 2(1): Insurance Policy on Government Property (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Finance.
As we are all aware, Mr. Speaker, every community in Nunavut has different infrastructure, such as air terminal buildings, health centres, schools, and offices.
My question to the minister is: when they’re going through the insurance process, are those assets on a case-by-case basis or are they on a case-by-case basis?
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Our contingencies are divided into different categories depending on the nature of the infrastructure.
Each facility has different policies and some don’t even have a policy. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I saw on the news recently in one of our communities that there was an attempted arson attack on a school.
It’s not insured enough and the Department of Finance is trying to come up with a solution to make sure that the infrastructure is adequately insured. We also learned that our own cost in Arctic Bay is $10 million.
How will it affect the insurance company in the event of another school fire? (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Today, the current contingency amount has increased from $10 million to $20 million for schools as a result of these fires.
We continue to urge the Department of Education and all of us to replace these incinerators, which are very expensive and unfortunate to have to replace.
I think one of the things that we have to try and do is show that we can continue to work on preventative measures. We’re doing better now. We have to show that we’re increasing our own premiums and we’re getting more and more self-insured. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand exactly where the member is coming from, but I’m afraid that we’re going to have to rely on the local insurance companies to cover half of the costs.
I asked a question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Hopefully, we will always have insurance.
The new $20 million is for school fires.
Schools and other buildings have to pay $1 million on their own.
They are different.
I can’t tell you how many schools would have to be burnt down, they are no longer insured.
I hope that we don’t get caught in the crossfire of bureaucracy and I appreciate the fact that we have to keep lobbying all of the Members of the Legislative Assembly because this is a school for our children, for the public… .
Not just for the schools but also for the health centres because they are very important to the services that we provide.
Any damage is a burden on our clients and I would like to continue to push for these facilities.
So Mr. Speaker, a reminder.
It’s a public building. All of the students, all of the public, all of the schools, all of the health centres, and all of the garages are public buildings.
I applaud the member for bringing this issue forward to the House. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Question 133 – 2(1): Expansion of Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, as I noted in my Member’s Statement, as the Fifth Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, we have an opportunity to chart a new path to a brighter future for our territory.
Can the minister tell the House if he would be willing to reopen the idea of establishing a university in your community in partnership with the private sector and others?
Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College, Mr. Joanasie.
I would like to thank the Member for Baker Lake for asking that question.
Through Nunavut Arctic College, we advertised to different colleges outside of Nunavut to see how we can work together.
We have heard that different organizations, such as Agnico-Eagle, are interested in setting up a university for Nunavut.
We would like to see this proceed, but to date, we have been trying to get an agreement from outside of Nunavut to work with Arctic College.
I believe that we need to provide funding for the expansion of programs from Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit to the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School in order to meet the academic requirements of the university.
I feel that Baker Lake would be an ideal location for such an expansion.
Can the minister clarify whether or not he and his officials have had discussions with the board of governors of Nunavut Arctic College to focus on ways to provide more opportunities for higher education to be delivered in Nunavut?
Mr. Joanasie.
We would like to see Nunavut Arctic College provide more opportunities for Nunavummiut to pursue post-secondary education in their communities. One of the things that we have noticed more and more is that there are opportunities for online learning.
In regard to the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School, we are looking at how we can expand the programs that can be offered there.
Yes, the Nunavut Arctic College Board of Governors will be involved. My staff, the President of Nunavut Arctic College, and the Vice-President of Nunavut Arctic College will be in the planning stages to move this forward.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you very much, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I recognize that the previous government accepted the recommendation that Nunavut Arctic College would not be established at that time.
Will the minister commit to revisiting this issue and reporting back to the House on his findings?
Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Mikkungwak for the question.
The option of building a university in Nunavut is being considered by a number of different people.
Agnico-Eagle Mines has also committed $5 million towards the construction of a new university in the region.
I think the discussions are still ongoing.
At this point in time, in the next four years, I don’t know if we’re going to be able to go that route. We’re going to be doing a feasibility study.
Members, please note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Main.
Motion 015 – 2(1): Extension of Question Period (McLean)
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Pursuant to Rule 39(7), I move, seconded by the Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that question period be extended. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The motion is in order and is not debatable.
All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
All those opposed.
As a result, we have extended the time for oral questions by 30 minutes from now.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 134 – 2(1): Grants and Contributions
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
I rise today to talk about the Department of Environment’s Harvester Support Program. I would like to know what kind of support they provide to our hunters.
Looking at our government’s main estimates for 2017-18, there are three items.
There are three grants and contributions that the Department of Environment administers: the Disaster Compensation Program, the Wildlife Damage Compensation Program, and the Fur Pricing Program.
The department has budgeted $150,000 for this fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, I would first like to ask if the minister can describe how the Department of Environment evaluates the effectiveness of these programs.
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The auction is held three times a year and the auction was recently held in early March. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
I thank the minister for bringing up the sealskin issue.
Mr. Speaker, the information that has been tabled in this House over the years is something that I really wanted to see and I think it’s something that the hunters and trappers should see as well.
In 2011, the Department of Environment reported that the value of sealskin pelts sold at auction was approximately $800,000.
In 2012, it was $1.1 million and in 2013, it was $1.04 million.
Mr. Speaker, can the minister provide an update on the status of sealskin sales this year and can he provide me with the latest information on whether this year’s sealskin sales are as good as last year’s?
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Mr. Speaker, I have a copy of what you read.
I can’t say where they are at right now because I don’t have the bids in front of me.
I can tell you that after the Fur Harvesters Auction, there is an increase in sales of sealskins and I’m sure that there will be an increase in sales of sealskins at the next auction. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I also thank the minister.
This will be my last question, Mr. Speaker.
I wonder if the Department of Environment can consider providing more funding to our hunters so that they can provide more assistance.
With respect to the (interpretation ends) fox pelts, (interpretation) we are quite familiar with them as Nunavummiut.
I believe that the funding that is used for one year is too small, Mr. Speaker.
I think it’s too small.
I would like to ask the minister if he agrees with me and if he can look into this matter in the upcoming months.
I agree with you and I look forward to tabling that increase in the House if you will support it.
Question 135 – 2(1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
Mr. Speaker, as we all know, in Nunavut, hunters are severely damaged by polar bears, including damage to their cabins, equipment, and snowmobiles.
Mr. Speaker, there is usually compensation for damage done, but it is very difficult to get compensation for the damage done.
Has the funding for the Disaster Compensation Program been used up in this fiscal year?
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
I am sorry I did not hear everything.
Can he repeat his question?
Speaker (interpretation): Can you please repeat your first question, Mr. Keyootak.
Our equipment, snowmobiles, and cabins are damaged by polar bears, especially when we leave them behind.
We know that there is compensation available for damage done when we leave them behind.
My question was: for this year’s capital estimates, have any of the funds for disaster compensation been used already?
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you for the clarification.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
The minister stated that he would provide a response once he has the information.
Can the minister indicate how much of this funding has been used in the Baffin, Kivalliq, and Kitikmeot regions?
Yes, I will give him the breakdown.
Question 136 – 2(1): Child Care and Early Childhood Development (Hickes)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Education.
In the Minister of Education’s Minister’s Statement this afternoon, he indicated that all licensed child care facilities would be eligible for additional funding depending on the location.
How much money is being considered to be given to licensed daycares?
Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation, Minister Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
The Department of Education’s executive committee approved the development partnership agreement for a three-year term. Over the next three years, it’s broken down into four phases.
I just want you to be clear on how much it is, the O&M for a total of $1.1 million a year, is broken down that way by year.
Those are the numbers that I have.
I thank the minister for that clarification.
Mr. Speaker, when I look at the Child Day Care Regulations in Nunavut, section 17 of the Early Childhood Education Act states that all employees who deal with children on a daily basis must be fully trained. That’s one of the expectations that I have.
Mr. Speaker, I know that there is an early childhood education program that is run through Nunavut Arctic College.
I’m just wondering if the minister could give us an indication of how well they’re doing in terms of ensuring that they’re getting the training that they need.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
Training is one of the components of the agreement for the next three years.
The $1.1 million is outside of the O&M budget.
We would like to get more certified teachers who can teach early childhood education.
We are looking forward to expanding our training and apprenticeship programs over the next three years.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank the minister for that response.
I look forward to sharing that information with the House.
When I look at the daycare workers and the training programs that are offered, I always hear that when the employees are trained, they seem to be more effective in their training.
Mr. Speaker, I have also heard concerns about low wages for daycare workers and the high turnover of daycare workers.
When it comes to providing the same level of education to our children in early childhood education, it is very important to ensure the stability of our workforce.
Is this funding to help daycare workers get better wages so that they can work there as full-time employees rather than casuals?
I agree with Mr. Hickes and I understand exactly where he’s coming from. I agree with him wholeheartedly that we want to make sure that our children are well prepared to learn and move forward in life before they enter the school system.
So that’s what we’re trying to do in terms of providing support to the daycare workers.
As long as we don’t increase the cost of child care, I think we can work to make sure that the employees of the daycares are getting the value that they deserve.
At this time, we’re still working on it and we want to make sure that we have child care workers in all of Nunavut.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 137 – 2(1): Inuit Employment Requirements in Government Contracts
On Friday, March 16, I asked the Minister of Community and Government Services about this issue. I had a discussion with the minister and I wanted further information on this issue.
With respect to the increase in the number of Inuit employed within the government, we have to look at the number of Inuit employees.
Mr. Speaker, the minister and I seemed to agree that he was in support of increasing the number of Inuit hired.
The 20 percent is for the construction of the Baffin Correctional Centre and the docking facilities in Iqaluit and Pond Inlet.
If I understood correctly, Mr. Speaker, it is 20 percent and 15 percent.
Can the minister elaborate on how we’re going to change the tendering process to increase the numbers and if the department has the authority to do that?
Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
With respect to the tendering process, I believe the member understands that whenever a project is undertaken, the Department of Community and Government Services assists the departments in the tendering process.
If it’s going to be a dock, it would be the Department of Economic Development and Transportation. If we’re talking about a jail, it would be the Department of Justice.
Those are the types of things that we do. We work with the contractors to make sure that the contracts are adhered to.
We work with the client departments and they try to figure out how many Inuit employees there will be.
We’re trying to make sure that we don’t go over budget and we’re trying to make sure that we don’t go over budget and we’re trying to make sure that we’re not going to fall through the cracks.
I can’t say at this time when they will be tendered out, but I think it’s impossible to change them at this time, Mr. Speaker.
I will be asking questions in regard to that.
If we can’t make any changes to the (interpretation ends) tendering process (interpretation) and if we can’t make any changes, then we will have to look at other options for Inuit employment.
Can the Department of Community and Government Services undertake this work?
I hope I was understandable, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister tell me, perhaps, and tell the House why when employees from other communities want to work in construction, can employees from Nunavut receive the same benefits as employees from outside of Nunavut?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the member for that question.
Mr. Speaker, the Nunavummi Nangminiqaqtunik Ikajuuti Contracting Appeals Board investigates issues related to Inuit labour content and sets out the following criteria:
scope of work;
Inuit who are available to work based on their level of education;
Other community-based programs can have an impact on Inuit employment opportunities.
Mr. Speaker, we encourage contractors to hire locally rather than hiring from outside of the territory.
We do encourage people to come to Nunavut and look for employment.
We do encourage that.
We continue to work closely with our client departments to achieve these goals.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker and I thank the minister for his response.
For my last question, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask the minister: will the minister commit to working with his department to undertake these larger projects?
Will the minister commit to working with his counterpart in the Department of Community and Government Services to ensure that job opportunities are created and that Inuit are able to apply for jobs in construction projects in communities other than the regional centres?
Will the minister commit to ensuring that this requirement is taken into consideration when determining whether or not to include Nunavut residents in the contracting process?
I believe that the Government of Nunavut as a whole encourages the public to look for employment for Nunavummiut first and foremost.
That is the way it has always been set up and we will continue to do that.
Moving on in our orders of the day.
Returns to Written Questions.
Item 9.
Reports of Standing and Special Committees on Bills and Other Matters.
Tabled Document 029 – 2(1): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Matt Report from North Aurora Mines re: Mill Diamond Project (Picco)
Last week, I tabled a copy of correspondence that I received from the President of Norterra, Nuliajuk, concerning the proposed offshore drilling project near Hall Beach.
As I stated earlier, I will be in support of the mining companies because my fellow residents of Amittuq are not able to get employment in the mining sector.
I am pleased to table today a copy of the minister’s response to the report that was tabled in the Legislative Assembly concerning the Meadowbank gold mine project in 2018.
I believe that it will be very beneficial and beneficial to my constituents.
I will keep returning to this issue.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Tabled Document 030 – 2(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay re: Four-bay garage (Netser)
Tabled Document 031 – 2(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay re: Runway Extension in Repulse Bay (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to table two letters from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay to the government.
The four-bay garage in Sanikiluaq is getting larger and the trucks are not keeping up with the demand and the garage is getting very old and overcrowded.
The other matter relates to the extension of the airstrip, which would greatly benefit the community.
The hamlet council has written to the government.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Tabled Document 032 – 4(1): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak)
I wish to table today a copy of correspondence from the Department of Family Services concerning its client travel policy, including the application process and guidelines for client travel.
I have two.
Tabled Document 033 – 2(1): Options under the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Fund (Speaker)
Tabled Document 034 – 5(1): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker)
Thank you, my colleagues. I have two documents to table today.
The first document is the Elections Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act.
The second document is a list of outstanding statutory tabling requirements. (interpretation) Thank you.
Going back to the orders of the day.
Notices of Motions.
Notices of Motions for First Reading of Bills.
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters. Bills 2, 3, and 4 with Mr. Rumbolt in the Chair.
In accordance with the authority provided to me by Motion 10 – 5(1), the committee will stay in session until it reports itself out.
Before we proceed to the Committee of the Whole, we will take a 20-minute break.
>>House recessed at 15:54 and Committee resumed at 16:18
Chairman (interpretation): Good afternoon. I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
In Committee of the Whole, we have the following items to deal with: Bills 2, 3, and 4.
Mr. Main.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We wish to continue with the review of Bill 2, followed by Bill 3, and the supporting documents.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Does the committee agree that we first deal with Bill 2?
Do you agree?
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee
Please refer to Bill 2 in your legislation binder.
Moving on, Mr. Akeeagok, do you have witnesses that you would like to bring to the table?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): If I can, I would like to have my officials with me at the witness table.
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses in.
Mr. Akeeagok, for the record, please introduce your witnesses and proceed with your opening comments.
On my left is my Assistant Deputy Minister, Dan Carlson.
Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to speak to Bill 2, Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2018-19.
As a government, we are requesting approval to spend $491,804,000 between April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
Mr. Chairman, earlier this year, the Minister of Finance appeared before the Committee of the Whole on the occasion of its consideration of the Department of Finance’s main estimates. However, as the Fifth Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, we are in the early stages of preparing our business plans for the upcoming fiscal year.
With that being the case, at this time, in the 2018-19 fiscal year, we are working on the plans and what we will be doing in the 2018-19 fiscal year is that we will be going to Igloolik for the spring session in May and June.
To that end, Mr. Chairman, we are proposing an interim appropriation to allow the department to fulfill its mandate to provide services to Nunavummiut in the coming months.
The issue of attendance is critical to setting aside funds for this year’s general election.
Mr. Chairman, all departments and territorial corporations have had the opportunity to review these interim appropriations. Our calculations are based on departmental spending and cash flow over the past four years.
We are satisfied that this amount will be sufficient to operate until such time as the Legislative Assembly reviews the results of this review and passes the annual budget.
The major components of the department’s budget are:
$8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly;
$11.66 million to the Department of Community and Government Services;
$29.08 million to the Department of Finance;
$49.1 million to the Department of Family Services;
$32.44 million to the Department of Justice;
$10.77 million to the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth;
$64.1 million to the Department of Education;
$85.77 million for the old Department of Health and Social Services offices;
$8.32 million for the Department of Environment;
$82.73 million, for the Department of Community and Government Services Headquarters;
$23.29 million for the operations of the Department of Economic Development and Transportation;
$73.39 million to the Nunavut Housing Corporation; and
$12.54 million to Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Chairman, this concludes my opening comments. I would be pleased to take questions.
At this time, if there are any questions or comments, the floor is open.
Do members have any general comments?
Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was reading the Inuktitut version. $32.44 million for the Department of Justice.
There is a difference in Inuktitut of $8.62 million. In Inuktitut of $8.62 million, is that for the Office of the Legislative Assembly or is that for the Department of Justice?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): For clarification, the Office of the Legislative Assembly is requesting $8.62 million and the Department of Justice is seeking $32.4 million.
I apologize if it wasn’t translated properly. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The English version is correct.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s just a question on the interim appropriation. We don’t have a percentage of the interim appropriation, so it’s just a question on the past expenditures and the budget allocation process.
I know there was a lot of debate on the Financial Administration Manual and the minister has indicated that there are some fundamental changes that need to be made in order for accurate departments to provide the services that they’re supposed to provide to the people of Nunavut.
It doesn’t really have an impact on the bill, Mr. Chairman, but it does have an impact on the bill.
I’m just wondering if there have been any changes to the way that the money has been allocated so that there’s more money coming in.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the question.
To date, there have been no real changes to the operations and maintenance budget, but we will probably see some changes to the capital budget process this fall. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there any more general comments?
If members have any questions on the opening comments, please proceed.
If not, we will proceed with the clause-by-clause review of the bill.
Go to Bill 2 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Chairman: Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2. Schedule on page 3. Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) for the period April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Detail of Expenditures. Total Operations and Maintenance. $491,804,000.
Thank you, Mr. Main. Do you have a question?
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I probably should have brought this up earlier, but I have a question about departmental grants and contributions.
It is my understanding that the figures are based on a percentage of the annual budget, but some of the grants and contributions are already expended and the rest of the annual budget will be expended as soon as April 1.
I just want to get a little bit more clarification on the grants and contributions, whether it’s Economic Development and Transportation or the Nunavut Housing Corporation. How is that handled when some of these grants and contributions are not for a whole year, but some of the programs are administered on an annual basis?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): That is a very good question.
Under the grants and contributions, I noted in my opening comments that over the past four years, there have been some changes to the first three months of grants and contributions.
I can state unequivocally that the Department of Community and Government Services and the Nunavut Housing Corporation are the two largest departments and as you can see here, their grants and contributions are geared towards operations and maintenance.
If it’s a request for proposals, the departments have different ways of doing it, but in the last four years, every department’s expenditures on a quarterly basis are reviewed by the Department of Finance and the departments agree on how their grants and contributions work.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Akeeagok.
I guess my next question is: can the minister indicate if there are any projects that have been put on hold or are they just going to go through the normal process?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Main.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The departments are operating the same way and those are the figures that we have received.
I would hope to be in a position tomorrow to be able to look at some of the work that needs to be done in the future. One of the things that we were able to do in the Fifth Assembly, with the direction that we’ve been given by the departments and the ministers, is that for the next three months, we’re going to be doing the same thing in May.
Ms. Towtongie.
I’m sorry, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to welcome the minister and his officials.
In the main estimates, there is $491,804,000 at the top.
For example, in the bill, it states $8,623,000 and in the minister’s opening comments, it states $8.26 million.
The $3,000 doesn’t change and the $54,000 seems to have been set aside.
Why is that the case?
That’s my question.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The bill is three pages in Inuktitut and we’re trying to get the numbers approved.
Those are the actual numbers.
As I stated in my Member’s Statement, I have just decreased the numbers in English to try and get them closer to the main estimates. I don’t want to say all the numbers, but we have decreased the numbers.
I just want to make sure that the numbers that we’re looking at in the bill are accurate.
Total Operations and Maintenance. $491,804,000. Do you agree?
Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman: Do members agree to Bill 2 as a whole?
Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62(2) that Bill 2 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would just like to thank my staff for making sure that we have everything ready so that the government can operate until June.
I sincerely thank all Members of the Legislative Assembly for their support in approving this budget, and I look forward to sitting in this Chamber during our budget session in May and June.
I thank you all.
Bill 2 is concluded.
I would now like to ask the minister if he can proceed with his opening comments on Bill 3.
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will have my officials with me at the witness table. Also, I would like to let the members know that when we go to the other departments, I have extra staff available. If we need them, I would like to be invited, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, can I proceed with my opening comments?
I am here to present Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2017-2018, No. 3. Through this bill, the government is seeking an increase of $56,602,000 for the following purposes:
$49 million to the Department of Health to address over-expenditures in the areas of medical travel, mental health, rehabilitation, elder care, out-of-territory physician services, and tuberculosis research;
$6.2 million for the Department of Justice to address over-expenditures in the RCMP, Corrections and Court Services; and
$1.402 million in over-expenditures for the Children and Family Services Branch and the Corporate Services Branch.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments. I would be pleased to answer any questions or comments that members may have.
Do members have any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Family Services. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Children and Family Services. $1,402,000.
I just saw that number in the substantiation sheet and it still doesn’t give me a clear picture of where you’re focusing your energies.
Mr. Savikataaq, are you prepared to answer that question?
Hon. David Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don’t have the breakdown in front of me, but those are the two main areas where we’re sending more inmates out of the territory. We’re also increasing the number of visits out of the territory.
For example, there is an elder in Igloolik, I don’t know if it’s in Gjoa Haven or not, who is in Ottawa on medical travel so that he can be visited, so that he can be visited.
They’re not assisted by the Department of Family Services, but we do send them to visit their relatives.
The majority of our elders are sent out of the territory because they can’t get help in Nunavut. As I said earlier, there are more community visits.
With the consolidation of all of the elders’ programs under the Department of Family Services, I’m just wondering if the responsibility for seniors has been transferred back to the Department of Health. Are seniors still under the Department of Family Services?
Some of the things that the minister mentioned are not really under the Department of Family Services.
Some of them are in the care of the Department of Health, the elders are in the care of the Department of Health, and when they want to visit, there are monies available through the Department of Family Services for travel.
That was one of the examples I used. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I understand that there have to be visits to some of the children that are in foster care. The money is in the Department of Family Services.
My question is: are there still elders who are receiving assistance from Family Services who have not been transferred to the Department of Health?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Based on the information that I have, the positions that were going to be transferred have been transferred to the Department of Health.
The ones that are not transferred to the Department of Health are still managed by the Department of Family Services.
I’m just wondering if there are any more programs that haven’t been transferred to the Department of Family Services. Looking at this information and looking at our business plan, I think all of them have been transferred. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don’t know if I’m getting confused, but if the Minister of Family Services can clarify that, I would appreciate it.
It’s up to Minister Akeeagok if he wants to refer the question to another minister.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): I’ll try to explain it.
I thought the question was: are there still people in the Department of Health that need to be in the Department of Family Services?
My response was that it’s under the Department of Health and Social Services right now and it’s under the seniors’ program.
They are still under the Department of Family Services.
The supplementary appropriation is for the Department of Family Services to determine what the over-expenditures are. (interpretation) Thank you.
Thank you for the clarification from the minister.
I understand a little bit better now.
Maybe if I ask it in a different way, it will be clearer.
Does the Department of Family Services still care for elders? Does the Department of Family Services still care for elders?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, there are still programs for seniors and I would like the Minister of Family Services to clarify that.
Mr. Speaker, I am aware that the government programs, such as the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Citizens Supplementary Benefit, the Senior Citizens Supplementary Benefit, the Senior Citizens Supplementary Benefit, the Senior Citizens Supplementary Benefit, and the Department of Family Services
If I missed anything, Minister Savikataaq can assist me in answering the question. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank both ministers for clarifying that.
This is my last question.
When they are sent outside of Nunavut, are they still eligible for income support?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like Minister Savikataaq to respond to that. (interpretation ends) Thank you.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
It varies depending on the situation.
In some cases, they are eligible for income support, but I can’t say that it’s the same for all of them.
I have a very detailed question under the Directorate.
They have indicated that they are going to be donating some of their surplus funds from other departments.
As it stands now, do the other departments in the regions support the whole of Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) It doesn’t affect all the regions.
In the Department of Family Services, almost all of the income support functions were transferred to the Department of Health.
They don’t get a lot of benefits. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that answer.
When do you identify that they may be in a deficit situation and how do you deal with that deficit situation?
I don’t know if that has an impact on our meeting, Minister Akeeagok.
The department reports to the Utility Rates Review Council on a monthly basis and at the end of the fiscal year, if there is a slight over-expenditure, then the department requests a supplementary appropriation to correct the over-expenditure. If that is not possible, then we have to use a supplementary appropriation.
We are on page 4.
Mr. Main.
The documents that we have in front of us indicate that the number of people in residential care is increasing. In the past, there were 189 people in residential care and now there are 243.
Do you anticipate that this number will continue to increase?
What accounts for the increasing need for residential care?
Do you know what the reasons are for the increase in the number of people requiring residential care?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) The number is steadily increasing. In 2013, the number of clients was increasing, so we’re following that trend.
It’s a trend that’s been going on for a number of years, so I’m just wondering if that’s something that they’re going to be incorporating into their budget as soon as possible, starting from last year’s budget. I don’t want to be approving supplementary appropriations just for the sake of having accurate budget numbers.
Will that be included in the growth figures?
I think the trend is increasing. As we go through the page-by-page [review] of the main estimates, it’s going to be noticeable that as we go through the changes, if we don’t keep up with the budget, then we go through the main estimates.
We will have questions when we get to the main estimates. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In your substantiation sheet that was provided by the department, there is a surplus.
It goes on to say that the department has recently revised its Income Support Program.
I’m just wondering if the minister could indicate where that surplus was spent. Was it spent on administration, was it spent on income support workers, or is there going to be more money given to income support recipients?
Which areas did you increase the funding for?
What I’m trying to understand is where did the surplus go, where did it go?
I’m just wondering: in terms of the Income Support Program, is there going to be a reallocation of the paperwork or is there going to be an increase in the Income Support Program? Where did the surplus go?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you. Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) There are a number of issues with the Department of Family Services.
They have been hired to administer all of the functions that were transferred from one department to another.
Under the Income Support Program, there was also some funding for that, but the government’s response was that they send people out to residential care facilities for various reasons.
There are a number of factors that determine how the Department of Family Services has arrived at a budget shortfall for this fiscal year. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will be there with him.
This information indicates that the Income Support Program is spending more money than the budgeted amount for the Income Support Program.
Will the money that is being requested be used for staff or will it be used for the income support office?
My colleague, Minister Savikataaq, can respond to the question better.
Mr. Savikataaq, please proceed.
Income support adjustments have a significant impact on the budget. I can use an example.
In the case of the National Child Benefit Supplement, the person who applied for the National Child Benefit Supplement had their income and social assistance deducted.
The National Child Benefit Supplement was deducted from income support. This will no longer be the case. Income support recipients will receive more money from the National Child Benefit Supplement and it will no longer be deducted from their income support.
We are on Total Children and Family Services.
Not previously authorized. $1,402,000.
Go to page 5. Justice. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Department. Not Previously Authorized. $2,600,000.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Welcome, Mr. Minister.
It says here that it’s for the purchase of new drugs. There is going to be a legislative change on marijuana from the federal government this coming summer. Is that planned?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) With your permission, Mr. Chairman, I would like to have my Associate Deputy Minister of Justice go to the witness table and I would like to have my Associate Deputy Minister of Justice go to the witness table.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your witness.
To my left is the Deputy Minister of the Department of Justice, Bill MacKay.
If it’s okay with you, I would like to respond to the question.
Mr. Chairman, that’s a very good question for the Minister of Justice with respect to the RCMP.
It has nothing to do with marijuana.
We don’t want the drugs that are called narcotics to come into Nunavut because these are brand new drugs and we need to educate them and implement their education.
At the December federal/provincial/territorial finance ministers’ meeting, the funding that will be allocated for marijuana is 25 percent of the funding that will be coming from the federal government to the RCMP for drug investigations.
This is a two-part program.
I thank the minister for his response.
My next question is in regard to the high cost of housing and the shortage of housing in the communities.
I’m just wondering if the minister could explain why that amount is there.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Netser.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) This is related to the RCMP getting nine additional RCMP officers in different communities and that’s why they provide staff housing.
When there are additional RCMP officers, we are required by government contracts to provide housing for them. The additional cost was $300,000. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Main, did you have a question?
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The minister talked about the $2.6 million that is broken down into $300,000 for housing.
I’m just wondering if you could break that down in more detail.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): I may be missing a number.
I will ask my officials.
Those are the numbers.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to thank the minister for his response. $1 million will be used for vehicles.
Why was it not anticipated that these vehicles would be purchased?
I believe it should have been included in the budget, if I understood correctly.
What was the reason for the need to purchase new vehicles?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That is a very good question.
This $1 million is for vehicle replacement.
We have a contract with the RCMP and there are different requirements that they have to meet.
Last year, the vehicles were not replaced due to lack of funding.
However, this year, due to mechanical issues with their vehicles, they were able to purchase the necessary equipment.
That is why there is a significant increase this year.
They have tried to buy as much as they can, but their equipment keeps breaking down.
Under the RCMP contract, they don’t tell each other what to buy or what not to buy.
However, when we’re talking to them and planning with them, they come to an agreement and that’s why it seems like it has gone up.
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s also mentioned here, although my colleague was talking about it.
These drugs that are brand new are probably the most dangerous and dangerous drugs.
Will the equipment that will be used to do the survey be made available to all the communities or just some of the communities?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, all the RCMP will be getting this equipment for all the communities.
These are new resources for the RCMP and for the general public that may be in that situation. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
With respect to the most dangerous substances, new drugs, such as marijuana, are starting to be found in our communities. Has this been planned or if no new drugs have been found, which communities have been identified by the RCMP to date?
Yes, with the newcomers coming into our communities, it’s very unfortunate and I wish them all the best.
However, with respect to the communities that have been impacted, there have been two communities that have been impacted, as well as other jurisdictions, such as the Northwest Territories.
It’s very dangerous and I’m very afraid that these people will try to get into drugs.
It would be better if you didn’t do that, but these kinds of things are dangerous and I’m glad that the RCMP is making plans.
Ms. Main (interpretation): I thought I was done.
This is my last question.
With respect to the shortage of housing in Nunavut communities, perhaps you can clarify that for me.
In the documents that we have provided, it states that there have been nine additional RCMP members assigned to the six communities in Nunavut that have been decentralized to various communities.
That was just a comment.
Moving on, Mr. Hickes, do you have a question?
In the $2.6 million that you’re requesting, it talks about interpreters for the court circuits. You said that there were seven court circuits. Did you need interpreters as well?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) At this point in time, no, there are a number of additional interpreter/translators that are required. Once the hiring process is complete, the key is to have trained interpreters within the Department of Justice.
I’ll just leave that one alone for now. In the minister’s opening comments, he also talks about the need for new telephones and the ongoing lifecycle renewal of existing equipment.
Knowing that there is going to be a requirement to replace the existing detachments, is there going to be money set aside for the new detachments or is there going to be a request for additional funding once the numbers are known by the RCMP?
Yes, it is in the planning stages for the department and we will be requesting funding for that. It is in the planning stages.
Mr. Chairman, there is a plan in the business plan that the Minister of Finance and the Minister of Public Service will be presenting to the RCMP in the event that the Tobacco Control Act is passed. One of the things that my colleague has talked about is the Motor Vehicle Information System. There is a plan in place, but we don’t have any extra money in the budget for the Tobacco Control Act. (interpretation) Thank you.
In terms of overtime in other correctional facilities, if the member is referring to a full-time position within the Baffin Correctional Centre, what is the average amount of overtime in the Baffin Correctional Centre?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 8.
Did he say eight?
Mr. Hickes (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to ask another question. According to the information provided by the department, overtime costs for the Baffin Correctional Centre are estimated at $180,000.
Can the minister clarify that for me?
Through you, I would like to have Deputy Minister MacKay respond to that question.
Mr. MacKay: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The supervisor, the nurse in charge, the other supervisor, there are a lot of other people who work there. If the weather permits, they have to stay there for extended periods of time, so that’s part of the overtime costs.
When there’s a blizzard, they’re not able to go home. When the blizzard says that there’s going to be another worker coming in, do they double the number of employees?
Mr. MacKay, can you clarify your question?
If there’s a blizzard, they’re called in right away, but if there’s a blizzard, they’re called in right away.
Mr. Lightstone.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice. First of all, the RCMP has indicated that they will require housing for nine new RCMP members.
When you hire an RCMP officer, do they have separate housing?
I’m happy to say that one of my staff, who was just playing hockey, had his arm amputated by another staff member. I’m sure he’s going to be okay, but my deputy minister can’t write.
There’s going to have to be an entrance.
My question is in regards to the nine RCMP officers, the RCMP get federal staff housing.
As I stated earlier, we work with the RCMP through various contracts.
I want to make it very clear that 70 percent of the RCMP cost is paid by the Government of Nunavut and 30 percent is paid by the federal government.
The RCMP is contracted out to the federal government. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’m just wondering: is the RCMP going to provide housing for all the RCMP officers?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) The RCMP, when they send a member of their staff to a community, how long do they have to stay in the community?
They operate in a unique way because they don’t keep one RCMP officer out on the land.
They don’t expect to get their own housing in the community for most of the time, depending on the number of RCMP officers that are required in the community.
The RCMP has a very unique system that they operate under.
When they identify a community that needs a new RCMP detachment, they try to include housing for all 25 communities. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s unfortunate that the RCMP don’t try to integrate into the communities.
When the RCMP gets their own home, what kind of assistance do they provide?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Lightstone.
I don’t think anyone here should be asking questions like that.
I don’t think we should expect them to own their own homes and that’s why they are provided with housing.
Mr. Akeeagok, it is up to you if you wish to respond.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
Those were very good comments, Mr. Chairman.
Yes, even though the RCMP officers are only in the community for three years, they do participate in community fundraising activities.
In the event that an RCMP officer decides to apply for housing, they apply to the federal government for housing.
They get their money through the federal government, not through us. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
This will be my last question in regard to the RCMP. What is the value of the contract that you have with the RCMP?
It’s on page 5 of the bill, $40,071,000.
If approved, it will be $42,671,000 for the contract for the 2017-18 fiscal year.
Thank you for that clarification.
The third area is the corrections division’s overtime and casual staffing.
Chairman (interpretation): Mr. Lightstone, we’re finally on Law Enforcement. We haven’t gotten there yet. Could you wait a moment for your questions?
We are on Law Enforcement. Are there any further questions on Law Enforcement?
Mr. Lightstone: Yes, the last one is for law enforcement.
In the minister’s correspondence, it indicates that the total budget for the Legal Services Board is $40 million, but the actual budget for the Legal Services Board is $30 million, which is projected to increase to $42 million.
How is this $42 million projected to be spent by the end of the fiscal year?
Maybe if I could ask the member if he could indicate which numbers he is looking at.
If he has a number, I would like to get a little bit of help. In the letter that I sent on Friday, I think I found $30 million, but if he can elaborate a little bit more.
A letter dated March 16 to the Chairperson of the Regular Members’ Caucus from the Minister of Finance was provided to me.
The letter that I am referring to is on page 4 and there are five in total.
I would also like to thank the member for referring to the document that we tabled in the House.
The $30 million that has been used for this year is $30 million and the planned amount is $42 million.
The RCMP has a report on what they’re going to be using and how much they’re going to be using. The $2.6 million that we’re requesting is based on the RCMP figures.
I’m looking at $2.6 million for Project 1 in the Legislative Assembly substantiation sheet and it indicates that the RCMP operates the “V” Division for the “V” Division for the “V” Division for the “V” Division for the “V” Division and the “V” Division for the “V” Division for the “V” Division for the “V” Division.
The Legislative Assembly’s business plan indicates that one of its priorities for the coming fiscal year is to “Improve the governance structure of the department.” However, given the unique nature of the department’s operations, an additional $2.6 million is required to cover costs related to employee training, recruitment and retention, as well as departmental initiatives.
On the same page, it talks about $2.6 million for compensation and benefits for employees and casual employees. On the same page, it talks about $2.6 million for CARS services.
Can I get some clarification on that, Mr. Chairman?
This question was already asked by one of my colleagues, but Mr. Akeeagok, if you want to clarify your question, it’s up to you.
If you look at the substantiation sheet, project 3, there is an additional $2.6 million for the Corrections Division.
There are two separate amounts of $2.6 million.
That includes the need for RCMP radios, the need for housing, the need for vehicles, and so on. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you, Mr. Akeeagok.
If we’re talking about $2.6 million, what’s the total amount of that, I don’t understand that, can we get some clarification on that?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Ms. Towtongie.
On page 5 of our documents, we are dealing with Law Enforcement, $2.6 million.
Under Corrections, there’s $2.6 million. We’re not dealing with that total right now. We’re dealing with $2.6 million under Law Enforcement.
Do you have any questions?
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you for clarifying that.
When I read the Inuktitut version, in English the budget is what it is, but in the Inuktitut version, it seems to be an estimate, an estimate in Inuktitut.
Can the minister clearly explain what this means? Is it an estimate or an estimate for 2017-18?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) On the left of the main estimates, it talks about $40 million for the Law Enforcement Branch and $11 million for the Directorate Branch that has already been approved.
On my right, (interpretation ends) Not Previously Authorized. (interpretation) We’re still in the 2017-18 fiscal year. (interpretation ends) It’s projected to be able to do that. (interpretation) That’s why we’re trying to get approval for the supplementary appropriation for the Department of Justice.
A total of $6.2 million, of which $2.6 million would be for the RCMP.
So that’s what we’re requesting from the House. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was just confused because in the Inuktitut version, it sounds like an estimate.
I think I understand the question now, but I’ll leave it at that.
We are on Law Enforcement. $2.6 million.
The next one is Total Registries and Court Services, $1 million.
Total Justice and Corrections. $2,600,000.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is in regard to the Corrections Division. Every year, they go over budget. If memory serves me correct, they go over budget because of overtime.
Am I correct in that?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is correct that the largest amount is for overtime and also for casuals.
Mr. Lightstone.
If my memory serves me correctly, the Baffin Correctional Centre is staffed 12 hours a day. Is that correct?
Given the current overcrowding situation at the Baffin Correctional Centre and the overcrowding situation at the Baffin Correctional Centre, has your department considered introducing a minimum of three to eight hours of overtime for correctional staff?
Perhaps through you, my Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, can respond to the question.
The member is correct that they work 12-hour shifts.
That’s how it’s set up. It’s a two-hour shift with 42 hours of overtime.
As a result of the collective agreement, the overtime decreased from $4 million to $2.49 million.
As a result, the Corrections Division’s deficit decreased from $4.5 million to $2.6 million.
We are moving forward with the overtime payments and we will continue to do that.
I remind you to turn off your cellphones and keep them on silent mode.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
They operate on an overtime basis and they work 42 hours a week.
Are the employees working 50 hours or 60 hours a week?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s too detailed. We have to provide it to the House and we will provide it in writing.
Our deputy minister cannot respond to that question.
We don’t have that information.
I don’t know how much information is required for the operation of the facility.
I would like to ask these questions.
What kind of training do they receive?
Through you, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that.
I think that answers the member’s question. There is a training and development component of the supplementary appropriation for the Department of Justice under the Corrections Division.
Right now, we don’t provide that training.
We have a trainer that’s contracted out to provide the training and that’s one of the reasons why it’s costing us a lot of money in terms of overtime to provide the training.
We’re also looking at other ways to better plan the budget so that the correctional staff and the court workers can get more training so that we don’t have to rely on contractors.
Ms. Nakasuk.
I was curious to find out about the $2.6 million that was talked about and the staff training.
What types of training will be provided to staff and casuals?
Both the Corrections Division and the Court Services Division provide excellent training for casual and relief workers.
The casuals are hired on a contract basis, but they’re trained for a number of weeks. They’re trained to deal with issues within the corrections system, such as disputes and grievances, and so on.
Can the minister clarify what kinds of programs are offered at the Baffin Correctional Centre and, if not, why not?
I don’t know if they have that level of detail, Mr. Akeeagok.
Through you, (interpretation ends) Deputy Minister MacKay, (interpretation) I don’t know what they do, but he can elaborate a little bit on that, if you will allow him.
Ms. McKay.
I don’t have the figures in front of me, but I can get back to the member on what type of training is provided to inmates.
Depending on which low-risk inmates are housed at the Baffin Correctional Centre, inmates at the Iqaluit Baffin Correctional Centre receive pre-trades training that will enable them to enter the workforce. These training programs provide inmates with the skills they need to enter the workforce after they leave the correctional facility.
At Akausisarvik, we do have programs that are tailored to each inmate’s needs. Addictions counselling is provided at the facility and anger management counselling is provided on a case-by-case basis to the inmates.
Even though they can’t leave the correctional centre, they are given training so that they can work after they leave the correctional centre, usually they graduate from high school and they are also given trades training in the correctional centre.
In Rankin Inlet, they provide probation services.
There are different types of programs that we provide.
Mr. Nakasuk: I am done.
We’re on page 5.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance.
Total Department. Not Previously Authorized. $6,200,000.
Go to page 6.
Department of Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Mr. Akeeagok, did you want to make a comment?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): It’s not a comment.
If it’s okay with you, Mr. Chairman, we will move on to another department. The witness is also available to answer questions. I would like to introduce my witnesses before we proceed with questions. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was going to give you the opportunity, but if you would like to take this opportunity, it’s okay.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
Does the committee agree to let the official in?
Chairman (interpretation): Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort one witness out and the other witness in.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your new witness.
To my left is the Deputy Minister of Health and Social Services, Colleen Inuujaq Stockley.
Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized. Total Directorate. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser: My mistake.
I’ll ask that question when we get to the Travel and Transportation section.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Are there any questions under Directorate.
I don’t have too many questions, but when we’re talking about elders’ facilities in Nunavut, there are three continuing care facilities that are going to be funded from different sources.
A couple of days ago when I was asking questions about the pre-feasibility study for the continuing care centres in Igloolik and Gjoa Haven, they were looking at expanding the facilities.
At that time, the minister was not aware of the number of beds that would be required for the study.
Can the minister update this House on the status of his department’s plans to increase the number of elders’ facilities in Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the question.
This year, it’s under the preplanning phase. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What is this preplanning study going to entail and what is the status of it at this time?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like the Deputy Minister of Health to respond because he is more familiar with the capital estimates.
The Department of Health is already planning last year’s capital plan for 2017-18.
I would like to know if this project can proceed with the Igloolik Health Centre expansion as the minister stated.
With that in mind, after the election, I’m sure the government was going to have new responsibilities and I’m just wondering if the option of expanding the health centre in Igloolik would be considered.
It hasn’t gone too far, but we expect that it will be initiated once we know the mandate of the government.
In conclusion, when we talk about the use of government resources to identify deficiencies in our infrastructure, I would like to take this opportunity to emphasize the department’s role in addressing the issues that arise in the area of elder care.
I am optimistic that this process will continue to evolve to better utilize the existing infrastructure and identify opportunities for Nunavummiut to take advantage of the new infrastructure that is currently on the waiting list.
That was just a comment.
I would like to follow up on my colleague’s questions on the elders’ home operations.
So I would be interested in hearing what the breakdown is of the $900,000.
How is it going to be divided up amongst the communities?
The $900,000 is divided into three categories and it’s $300,000 for each of the three elders.
Ms. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I’m just wondering, in the substantiation sheet, it indicates that these units are contracted to a non-profit Nunavut organization.
I’m just wondering: what is the process for the Department of Health to inform the public if they’re going to be over-expended?
The three communities that are operated by the Department of Community and Government Services have recently issued new contracts and this is one of them.
If they need to increase or decrease, the Department of Health and Social Services and these organizations meet together.
When they have to work together, they work together.
They have to abide by federal and territorial laws.
In the substantiation sheet, it states that the three facilities that have just opened are group homes, two- and three-plexes, and there are a number of factors. It states that the majority of the group homes are group homes and aging facilities.
I’m just going to go back to the funding formula. I’m just wondering: in the coming years, is there going to be an anticipated increase in operational costs or is there going to be an end to the funding formula that we have now?
At the beginning of the contract, there were three positions in the Department of Family Services.
The Department of Health finally took over the contract in April of 2017.
One of the things that came to our attention was that the Department of Health was a little bit different than the Department of Family Services. We looked at it from a clinical standpoint. We looked at the level of care, the level of care, and so on.
That was one of the recommendations that came out of the Nutrition North Canada Advisory Board.
When we looked at the contract, the elders’ facilities were not able to provide the level of care that they were supposed to provide.
We’re projecting a deficit of $855,000 last year and we’re requesting $900,000 this year for that purpose.
Correct me if I’m wrong, but when I look at the funding for mental health and addictions, it’s for all of Nunavut.
With respect to trauma, we tend to experience trauma.
Is there any talk of setting aside some money for mental health treatment?
We’re here. We’re just talking about additional funding for O&M. We’re not talking about actual costs.
I don’t think that is appropriate in this House or any other place.
Do you have any further questions, Ms. Towtongie?
Thank you for that clarification.
The mental health contract for 2017-18 is $16.7 million. I believe it’s $6.2 million. What is the status of that?
That is my last question. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, the $5.9 million is included in the $43.1 million that the member is asking about.
The details of the $16 million and the $10 million are in there.
I would like Deputy Minister Stockley to elaborate on the details of why they’re asking for an additional $10 million. If you can allow him to respond.
I think it’s good to hear that Nunavummiut are asking for help and I think it’s a good communication tool. You can call your health centre, you can go to the health centre, you can go online, and you can ask questions.
We have seen an increase in the number of clients coming to the treatment centre.
I know people with mental health problems and addictions.
There are also costs that are outside of the Department of Health and Social Services that are covered through the Department of Justice. There are also court-ordered treatment programs that are covered through the Department of Health and Social Services.
Before we proceed to the Directorate, we will take a five-minute break.
>>Committee recessed at 18:03 and resumed at 18:10
I would like to call the committee meeting back to order.
Total Health and Social Services. $43,100,000.
Under the out-of-territory long-term elder care, you have identified palliative care as one of your priorities.
I think that would increase because we don’t have a palliative care facility in Nunavut.
That’s what I would like to hear.
Are they looking at this issue so that we can have an epidemiology laboratory in Nunavut?
It is one of the priorities, but it is not at the top of the list.
Those are the types of things that are being worked on at this time.
On the same page, (interpretation ends) Out-of-Territory, (interpretation) the last bullet talks about out-of-territory funding for the Department of Health and Social Services.
It kind of woke me up to the fact that the minister’s letter, broken down by department, didn’t include any of the contents of the over-expenditures.
My question for the minister: can the minister tell the House if his department will be spending its entire budget in this area?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. On page 6, the first bullet, $5.9 million, not previously authorized, is for the out-of-territory long-term care facility for elders within the Department of Health.
That’s what we’re requesting this year for seniors’ care. We’re requesting $5.9 million for seniors’ care so that we can send them out to the appropriate facilities. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question was more related to the Department of Health and Social Services over-expenditures in other areas of their budget.
Perhaps through you, Mr. Chairman, if I make a mistake, Deputy Minister Stockley can correct me.
I don’t know if there was a question there, but I can respond by saying that the over-expenditures have not been removed from the Department of Health.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for clarifying that.
If there are any unspent funds within the department, then we transfer those unspent funds to the appropriate department.
With the current over-expenditures that we’re trying to balance out, the surplus for the Department of Health is $49 million.
The letter that I just sent out today will be translated into Inuktitut today and it was sent out in English on Friday.
That’s a very small amount compared to the over-expenditure that we’re asking for in this supplementary appropriation. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appreciate the fact that you mentioned an appendix, but what I was trying to get at was in the correspondence that we received from the minister on page 4, there is a breakdown of various programs and funding.
Under the Department of Family Services, are they showing what they have left over that they can use again?
Why hasn’t the Department of Health and Social Services done that?
There was no indication from the Department of Health that there was going to be a surplus.
On page 5 of the business plan, it indicates that the Department of Health and Social Services will require $49 million in additional funding. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is not referring to the divisions of the Department of Health; he is referring to the programs.
In the Department of Health, I know for a fact that there’s a surplus in the regions for nursing recruitment, staffing, and IT. There has been a surplus of over $1 million in the past few years.
Can the minister provide me with a breakdown of all the Department of Health programs that have surpluses that are deducted from their budgets?
You’re asking for very detailed information that may not be available at this time.
Minister Akoak…
…Mr. Akeeagok, please.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman and thank you for recognizing me.
We don’t have that level of detail in front of us.
We can table it in the House at a later date. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Let me move on to the elders’ facilities.
On the second bullet, it indicates that “Currently, elders’ facilities are operated through contracts with non-profit Nunavut organizations.”
I just want to say that this is a very good program that is available to any organization in Nunavut.
Hopefully, we will be able to get as many contracts as possible.
Moving on to the next page, under 24-hour care, it states that the Department of Health provides 24-hour care seven days a week.
The elders have to be looked after according to the minimum standards.
My question is: does the Department of Health and Social Services ensure that elders’ facilities meet the minimum requirements?
I responded to that question a little bit earlier.
A new contract has been awarded and the increase is due to the Department of Health’s Code of Values and Ethics.
If there is no compliance, then the interpreter/translators and the Department of Health meet with each other to make sure that there is compliance.
Mr. Whitstone.
Can you clarify whether or not these elders’ facilities meet the minimum level of care required?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
As it is a new contract, we have increased the amount from $900,000 to $5.9 million.
The three organizations have indicated that they’re going to try and keep up with the current needs, but they haven’t really reached the level of care that the elders require.
As the minister indicated, they’re trying to catch up on that. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you.
I’m starting to get a sore throat because I’m so quiet.
In regard to medical travel, they’re asking for $50 million and I have brought this up many times in the House that medical travel patients, even though they go to the hospital, they don’t have an appointment, especially in my constituency, there are patients who go to Winnipeg and then they find out that they don’t have an appointment.
I’m just wondering if the Department of Health has a list of patients that were sent down to Winnipeg that were cancelled because they weren’t informed of their appointments. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I’m just wondering if the Department of Health has a list of how much it cost those patients that were sent down to Winnipeg that didn’t have an appointment and how much it cost them for their travel and accommodation.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the question.
The Minister of Health has committed to reviewing all medical travel clients, including those who have missed their appointments or have had their appointments changed.
One of the objectives of this government is to undertake a comprehensive review of the Liquor Act so that we can find out where the wrongdoing occurred.
The member has been asking questions and he has said that he has seen those kinds of things and we would like to include that in our review.
I would like to thank the member for raising that issue and it’s something that we can look into collectively.
That will be part of the review of patients who have gone to the doctor without an appointment. (interpretation) Thank you.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) I look forward to the results of the review.
At this time, $5.5 million was allocated for tuberculosis in Qikiqtarjuaq and just recently, on February 26, I believe, the federal government allocated a large amount of money to Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami. I believe it was $82 million or $80 million that was allocated for tuberculosis research.
Has the Department of Health and Social Services made a request to Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami to provide funding to fight tuberculosis? Has the government discussed this matter with the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami to see if they can contribute to the fight against tuberculosis?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That’s a very good question.
Currently, the federal government’s 2018-19 budget provides funding to support Inuit-specific initiatives related to tuberculosis and it also states that Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami will be allocated funding over a five-year period to work with Inuit communities on this issue.
Currently, it states that there is a steering committee comprised of representatives from the Inuit homelands and the Department of Health and Social Services is involved.
At this time, the additional funding will be provided by the federal government and I, as the Minister of Finance, have not seen the details.
If Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami is doing their job properly, they will understand us. The Department of Health and Social Services is responsible for that.
That is how it is set up.
As we get more information on the contents of the bill, we will be kept informed by the minister in regard to your excellent question.
I would like to ask another question regarding medical travel patients.
It says here that medical travel is out of control because of interest rates, contract increases, and so on.
It’s a $15 million deficit and I’m just wondering if the department has an idea of why it’s going up so much.
The 5.6 percent is projected to increase on an annual basis, so what accounts for that increase?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Through you, I would like to ask my Deputy Minister, Mr. Stockley, to respond to that.
Medical travel and medical evacuations are increasing every year.
The number of people going to the health centre on a regular basis is also increasing, which could be a good thing because they are diagnosed very early and then they are sent out.
Tuberculosis is a serious issue in Nunavut and is one of the lowest rates of vaccination in Canada.
I’ll use an example.
Approximately 60 people had to be medevaced to the hospital in December.
We have seen an increase in the number of medevacs on a weekly basis, but at this time of year, in the springtime, people with respiratory illnesses have to be medevaced.
The combination of scheduled medical travel and emergency medical travel has all increased.
Mr. Chairman, I’m not going to get into the details. I’m just trying to get a sense of what the rationale is for the increase.
I’m just wondering if the population that we have in Nunavut is going to be getting healthier.
I don’t know if I can get an explanation or if my question is too broad, but are we on track or are we being left behind?
I’ll ask Deputy Minister Stockley to respond to that.
Unfortunately, according to the Canada-Nunavut Public Health Strategy, food insecurity is one of the biggest causes of overcrowding. Overcrowding is one of the leading causes of health problems in Nunavut and we have made some progress in addressing that, but I’m hopeful that it will alleviate some of the housing issues.
We also increased the storage capacity at the Qikiqtani General Hospital.
What we’re trying to do is reduce the amount of medical travel.
We are moving forward.
In the other regions, the telehealth system will be used in the three regions.
You will be hearing more about our proposed operations and maintenance budget.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I look forward to the day when we deal with the main estimates for this department.
When you look at the mental health over-expenditures of $10.5 million, the other thing you hear is that it’s an ongoing project, but these are very serious issues.
Looking at the substantiation sheet, it doesn’t say what the reason is for the $10.5 million increase.
Has there been a push by your department to increase the number of people with autism and, if so, what is the reason for that?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) It’s a combination of assessment and autism.
During the Fourth Session of the Legislative Assembly, the issue of suicide was raised as an urgent priority for the government to take action.
When we’re hiring physicians to provide services in our communities, we will continue to do that and we will continue to do that. We don’t have a training program for physicians to diagnose patients.
It is going to change the lives of our people and I would like the members to keep bringing this up in the House and to the public.
My last question is: under the Mental Health and Addictions Framework for Action, how many clients are currently receiving care outside of the territory for mental health issues?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 64.
How is it 64? Is it more or less? How does it change from the past?
We don’t have that kind of information in front of us, but if the member wants that information, we will be able to provide it to him perhaps during the main estimates process.
I would like to move on to another subject regarding the Qikiqtarjuaq tuberculosis study. I’m sure all of us will agree that this is very encouraging to hear.
Will the equipment and the equipment be retained by the Department of Health and Social Services in other communities for research purposes or is it too small? Will the equipment stay in the community?
Through you, I’ll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that question.
Will the property assessment be done through the capital estimates?
I am lost.
It’s under capital, so I’m just wondering if I could get a clarification on that.
Through you, I would like Deputy Minister Stockley to respond to that.
The bulk of the assets came from the federal government.
The equipment that we received from the federal government, such as the canoes, the rails, the mattresses, the beds, and so on, is used by the Department of Health and Social Services for their cultural activities.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question, I am sure it is the last one.
Under the Department of Health and Social Services’ Nursing Recruitment and Retention Strategy, it talks about the recruitment of agency nurses and contract nurses. The department has been very successful in reducing the number of agency nurses.
I would like to ask, from this year’s expenditures to the previous years, what has been the change in the amount of money that has been expended on these?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) They are stable.
Instead of hiring agency nurses, we are using agency nurses here in Nunavut.
From last year to today, we are using more agency nurses.
This is my last question.
If I could get a breakdown of the $8.6 million, I would appreciate it.
Broken down by fiscal year, the 2017-18 full-time staffing shortfall was $52.5 million, with casual staffing expenditures exceeding $45.3 million, overtime expenditures exceeding $15.7 million, and agency nurses exceeding $0.1 million, for a total over-expenditure of $8.6 million.
I just have one quick question with respect to the breakdown of what you’re talking about, but I would like to add to Mr. Main’s question.
I don’t have that level of detail in front of me.
If there’s a nurse in Sanikiluaq who has to be medivaced in the middle of the night, and someone has to leave, I know that they have to be overtime.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) All of those are for agency nurses.
I know the minister was answering questions today on what the department is doing to recruit nurses.
I’ll leave that one alone for now.
I just want to make a comment. When we’re reviewing the budget for the Department of Health, we’re looking at physicians, contractors, mental health workers, and medical travel. It’s always reflected in the supplementary appropriations that are put forward every year.
The number for mental health and addictions has changed significantly from last year. I believe it was $6.8 million to $7.8 million in last year’s supplementary appropriation.
Earlier in my Member’s Statement about the budget process and what changes have been made, the Minister of Finance indicated that they haven’t made any changes at this time, but I believe that fundamental changes need to be made because we’re always going back and forth for approval for supplementary appropriations.
When you know that they’re going to have to go over budget, when they’re actually putting the main estimates together, they should be able to come up with the amount that they’re supposed to be using instead of just adding to it.
That was just a comment, but I would like to hear from the minister on that comment.
I’m thinking along the same lines. We’re taking a realistic look now that the Fifth Legislative Assembly is considering these issues and we’ve had discussions with some of the departments, such as Health and Social Services and Justice, that have repeatedly come back for supplementary appropriations.
I’m very pleased that we’re talking about this in the budget and I’m working very closely with my cabinet colleagues on this.
I’m responding to some health-related questions. Ever since I have been the minister, the Department of Health has always been called the Department of Health. It’s a very sensitive department.
I think that’s something that we have to work on, to make sure that the main estimates are accurate and correct, and I’m sure that there are going to be some adjustments made without changing the budget process. We have to recognize that it’s a process that we have to go through.
Only through this Legislative Assembly will we be able to make those changes.
One of our colleagues in the Regular Members’ Caucus made a very good observation.
I am also saying that we have to work closely together as Members of the Legislative Assembly, because we are very much in need of this.
The 2017-18 over-expenditures are one of the challenges that we’re facing and I look forward to working with the Premier and the Members of the Legislative Assembly on some of those processes. We don’t have to sit here and say, “Well, if we know exactly how much money was spent by the departments, we don’t have to come back here and say, “Well, we know how much money was spent.”
I just wanted to make that comment and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for giving me the opportunity to make my comments.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
I applaud the minister for recognizing that there needs to be an improvement.
I just wanted to reiterate, as he stated earlier, that this is something that the Legislative Assembly has always approached our colleagues on a regular basis. The issue of overtime for nurses and other health professionals has always come back and forth. The supplementary appropriation for overtime is something that I have raised and will continue to raise for the next three and a half years.
Again, I think there needs to be some real recognition from the Minister of Human Resources as to how we can fill the capacity within the government.
As we move forward in filling the positions that are already in place within our organizational structure, if we were to fill those positions where there are weaknesses, as Mr. Main was talking about in terms of the challenges that we face in filling positions within the government that are causing stress and illness to some of our employees, we need to take a step back and re-evaluate how we can move forward in filling those positions where our strengths are and not just trying to catch up.
When I talk about overtime, I’m going to want to know a little bit more as we move forward and see where the priorities are and what the initiatives are so that we can look forward to what we can do.
That was just a comment.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.
I just have one question in regard to the Mental Health and Addictions Contract. On the fourth bullet, it says that the Department of Justice pays for the costs of medical travel. Is that included in the $10.5 million?
I’ll make it very brief. Yes, they are included.
Mr. Lightstone, do you have any further questions?
My last question is in regard to Mr. Main and Mr. Hickes’ questions.
The last one is on the hospital staffing deficit of $8.6 million. It’s a shortfall of $143 million. You’re indicating $151 million to reach that 8.6.
Is that for all the salaries and benefits of the department?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, those are for compensation and benefits.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Is this $151 million 100 percent accurate?
There is a $25 million increase in compensation and benefits.
I don’t think the funding has ever been at 100 percent.
I was talking about indeterminate, casual, and overtime. I think what we have been trying to do is we’re asking for $8.6 million in our main estimates for compensation and benefits. I think that’s the closest we can get to that.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It’s not 100 percent accurate in our accounting. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s quite a long list.
Moving on to the minister’s opening comments on page 4, there is a budget for medical travel of $63.8 million for fiscal year 2017-18.
I’m just wondering why the money was set aside for the 2016-17 fiscal year.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I’ll wait for 2016-17. I don’t have that information in front of me.
I can get that information if you wish. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lightstone, we’re dealing with 2016-17, not 2017-18.
I’ll keep that in mind for 2016-17.
I asked about the medical travel budget last year and I would like to know how much the department is planning to allocate for 2018-19.
This is for 2017-18 and it’s not anticipated for next year because Mr. Akeeagok may not have the numbers.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I don’t think it’s too early. In May, we will be discussing the budget for 2018-19.
We are voting on an interim appropriation for 2017-18. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
To reiterate, there is a problem with the funding formula and that’s one of the things that the minister provided. There are a lot of inconsistencies in the funding formula. It was done on an annual basis and prior to any adjustments being made, it should be in the next fiscal year, but at that time, I will be making a formal request to the Department of Health for the operations and maintenance budget.
As a Member of the Legislative Assembly, I don’t want to see a supplementary appropriation every year.
It’s going to be the same as the way it was before, so I would like to know the details of the operations and maintenance part of it.
That was just a comment.
Chairman (interpretation): Mr. Qirngnuq, do you have a question?
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I have one question under Travel and Transportation. If I were to say it in English, I would like to get clarification on Travel and Transportation. The third bullet for April indicates that the number of scheduled medical evacuations has increased from the previous year. Can the minister clarify that for me?
The member is referring to medical travel. There has been an increase in the use of medical travel for terminally ill patients. There has also been an increase in the number of births.
However, the number of patients requiring medical travel is increasing.
Mr. Mikkungwak, do you have a question?
I am sorry, I thought you had your hand up.
We are on Health. Operations and Maintenance.
We have completed $43,100,000. If you go to the bottom, Total Department. $49 million.
Not previously authorized.
Go back to page 2. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Schedule 1. Operations and Maintenance Appropriation. $56,602,000.
Go to Bill 3 in your legislation binder.
I am sorry, let me go back a bit.
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018.
Chairman (interpretation): Go to the Schedule on page 2. Schedule. Supplementary Appropriation for 2017-18, Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Total Supplementary Appropriation. $56,602,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman: Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to Bill 3 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62(2) that Bill 3 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I would like to take this opportunity to thank the members for their questions on the budgeting process for the upcoming fiscal year, as well as the hard work of our staff in putting together the best estimates that we can.
With that, we will be able to make changes to the budget.
Before we go to the next bill, I would like to ask the minister to escort the witnesses out.
I would also like to thank him for his good work and he will now be able to stand up.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you. Did you want to bring in another witness?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witness out.
Moving on, Bill 4.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed with your opening comments.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appear before you today to present Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-18, No. 4.
Through this bill, the government is seeking an additional $96,000 in 2017-18.
This supplementary appropriation will provide the Department of Community and Government Services with a non-cash contribution of $96,000 to undertake interest rate adjustment negotiations for leases to the Nunavut Construction Corporation for the Legislative Assembly Building and nine Government of Nunavut offices throughout the territory.
I would be pleased to take questions, comments, and discussion.
Are there any general comments on the minister’s opening comments?
This is the first time I have been involved in this process and I would like to know why we have to do this.
Can’t the Department of Community and Government Services find their own capital?
We’re trying to be as transparent as possible to the public out there.
There would be no revenue until the payments were made and the interest was higher than expected. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Not Previously Authorized. Total Community Programs. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to page 2.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) 2017-18, No. 4. Schedule 1. Capital. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to Bill 4 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018. Clause 1. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2.
Schedule. Supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2018. Vote 2.
Total Capital Expenditures. $96,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree to Bill 4 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62(2) that Bill 4 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
On behalf of the Auditor General and the Department of Finance, I would like to thank all of you for approving this non-cash item.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
We have concluded the Committee of the Whole. I now recognize the clock and I would like to report progress to the Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): Going to the orders of the day.
Mr. Rumbolt.
Your committee has been considering Bills 2, 3 and 4, and would like to report that Bills 2, 3 and 4 are concluded and are ready for third reading.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the Report of the Committee of the Whole be agreed to.
Mr. Main, thank you.
All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
Item 21.
Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Aggu, that Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018, be read for the third time.
To the motion.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
The motion is carried and Bill 2 is ready for assent.
Third Reading of Bills.
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I move that…
It has been a long day.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, that Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018, be read for the third time.
The motion is carried and Bill 3 is ready for assent.
Item 21, Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet South and Whale Cove, that Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018, be read for the third time.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
Thank you. The motion is carried and Bill 4 is ready for assent.
Mr. Clerk, will you ascertain if the Commissioner of Nunavut is prepared to enter the Chamber to give assent to bills.
Assent to Bills
Commissioner Nellie Kusugak (interpretation): Members, please be seated.
Welcome.
As Commissioner of Nunavut, I am pleased to give assent to the following bills:
Bill 1, Supplementary Appropriation Capital Act, No. 2, 2018-19;
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018;
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018; and
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
A few months ago, I swore an oath to you as a Member of the Legislative Assembly.
Since that time, you have worked hard and been given new responsibilities, representing Nunavut and Nunavummiut.
Tomorrow is going to be the beginning of spring on June 20. We expect that the day will be brighter and more beautiful.
I hereby prorogue the First Session of the Fourth Legislative Assembly and summon all members to meet again at 1:30 p.m. tomorrow for the opening of the Second Session.
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you. Before we proceed to Item 22, I have an announcement to make.
As Speaker of this House and Chair of the Order of Nunavut Advisory Council, it is with great pride that I announce this year’s recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
On January 1, 2010, the Order of Nunavut Act came into force.
It is meant to recognize individuals who have made outstanding contributions to our territory and to our communities.
The Order of Nunavut is the highest honour of any Government of Nunavut official that receives an award, medal, or medal.
To date, 15 individuals have been honoured with the Order of Nunavut.
They have been recognized for their hard work and dedication to a wide range of areas, including public service broadcasting, education, language advocacy, diversity leadership, and economic development.
I am especially proud to announce the two recipients of the Order of Nunavut this year, Ms. Betty Brewster and Mr. Ludy Pudluk.
I am very pleased that Mr. Pudluk is here with us today.
Welcome, Mr. Pudluk.
As members are aware, Betty Brewster is well known for her work as an interpreter for many years.
In 2016, she was also recognized for her work and accomplishments by the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit with the Language Award.
Mr. Pudluk was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of service, Mr. Pudluk represented the High Arctic communities and was an integral part of the leadership that led to the creation of Nunavut.
I am pleased to announce that the Order of Nunavut will be presented to Ms. Brewster and Mr. Pudluk during the spring 2018 sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
The ceremony will take place in the Chamber of the Legislative Assembly and will be televised across the territory.
Congratulations to Commissioner Nellie Kusugak for being the recipient of the Commissioner’s Award. I anticipate that all Members of the Legislative Assembly will be able to join me on this exciting day.
We will now proceed to the orders of the day.
Item 22. Orders of the Day.
Orders of the Day for March 20:
Opening Address
This House stands adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, 2018 at 1:30 p.m.
>>House adjourned at 19:25
Hon. David Akeeagok
Hon. Patterk Netser
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for Seniors’ Advocate; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak
Minister of Justice; Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation; Minister responsible for the Status of Women; Minister of Human Resources
George Hickes
Hon. David Joanasie
Minister of Culture and Heritage; Minister of Education; Minister of Languages; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Joelie Qaunirq
Mila Kamingoak
Hon. Lorne Kusugak
Minister of Community and Government Services; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Adam Lightstone
Andrew Main
(Arviat North-Whale Cove)
Simeon Mikkungwak
Margaret Nakashuk
Patterk Netser
Emiliano Qirngnuq
(Nattilik)
Hon. Paul Quassa
Deputy Premier; Minister of Family Services; Minister responsible for Homelessness; Minister responsible for Immigration
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik
Government House Leader; Minister of Economic Development and Transportation; Minister of Energy; Minister of Environment
Bethany Towtongie
An evangelical priest visits the Cathedral of Nunavut
“The whole Arctic is currently reeling from what happened last night”
“Rodney Howard-Brown, the Rev. Evangelist of Florida, preaches in Iqaluit on Aug. 27.”
(Photo by Thomas Rohner)
By Thomas Rohner Nunatsiaq News
“Religious Rev. Evangelist who is best known for his activism, zero tolerance for climate change and his fundraising efforts to help the world eliminate Christianity came to Iqaluit’s cathedral on Aug. 27.”
“Rodney Harvard-Brown, a Saudi from South Africa who moved to the United Nations, told attendees at a rally near Tomba Bay last year that international leaders honoured Lucyva and drank her human blood.”
He preached for more than an hour at Iqaluit’s cathedral to more than 100 people.
But their messages are not for everyone.
“The whole Arctic is currently reeling from what happened last night.
“If you want that light, please stand here (at the prayer table), or you can leave.”
“It’s up to you,” Herbert-Brown said after two and a half hours of work.”
About 50 people attended.
“I didn’t fly thousands of miles to play.
“I did not come here to be liked, and I did not come here to ask for your permission... Remember: when Jesus died alive, he asked people to leave the room.”
“The turnout was higher among Inuit and infants, teenagers and elders.”
“Inside the Christian Fellowship Church in Iqaluit’s Ruth Du Nuvi area, children running between chairs.”
“From the outside, the church and Masque face each other directly beyond the parking lot, which faces Ted Dawg Lake.”
“Harvard-Brown’s mission was part of an organized event organized by the Bill Prankard Evangelistic Association’s Arctic Hope Project, based in Ottawa.”
The organization did not respond to Nunatsiaq News’ request for comment on the matter.
“This Evangelist event, which is the 119th of its 300 scheduled community events, kicked off after an hour of activity.”
“In the first place, the Iqaluit-based choir launched this evening in Iqaluit after the late Evangelist Reverend Louis Arreak, who helped start the Christian Fellowship Church.”
“Eric Gagnon, co-founder of the Howard-Brown Rifle Association of Churches in Indianapolis, spent 40 minutes speaking to the president.”
“Louie Arreak, the Iqaluit Evangelist and singer, sang before Rodney Hubert-Brown spoke.”
(Photo courtesy of Riverdale Ministry of Entertainment)
“God loves someone who gives so much”
Gagnon asks attendees to submit their email addresses by registering and follow Herbert-Brown on Instagram.
She handed out vouchers for Howard-Brown religious goods.
“And he published Howard-Brown’s forthcoming book, The Killing of the Planet, in which he describes the experiences of a troubled economy over the past 200 years.”
“This is about someone who dislikes Christ, that’s what he should be talking about,” Gagnon said.”
Gagne then shows an 18-minute video of Howard-Brown’s adventures (evangelical).
“In the end of the video, Howard-Brown prayed that those who donate money to his church will receive God’s protection for the souls of his church.”
“God loves a generous donor”, Howard-Brown said in her video.”
Garneau honoured his parents at the end of the video.
“One spreads and one collects and together we celebrate vegetables, so if you spread something here, it goes to your church fund.”
That’s amazing.”
“He handed out plastic bags and told these people to do what they could “to get the best gift for the soul,” either in cash, money or directly to RMI Canada, using a credit card or their cell phone.”
“I keep telling people, don’t maximize your income by putting away your iPhone or a new phone... give it to the church for promotion and to keep your spirits up.”
Is that it?”
Many people filled and taped the bag and placed it in a blue plastic bag.
Some others just looked up and held the bag in their hands.
One female Inuk pulled out an empty box and put it in her pocket.
This is to help a country that is desperately poor for many: more than half of Nunavut’s population is on income support despite basic needs such as food insurance and adequate housing.
“Harvard-Brown did not respond to an interview request from Nunatsiaq News, so it is unclear how much she earned.”
Her earnings are kept secret but her website says she trains in 158 locations.
It also states that people who want to participate in the airline subsidy program are eligible for an income tax deduction.
Gagnon told attendees to raise their hands and hold their donations to the Revival Church.
“Madame, we appreciate you with this award, and we appreciate you as a representative of your soul, let it go to our bank accounts,” Gagnon said.”
Three 1 Wood Qattai full loads were collected.
Rodney Howard-Brown pushes the woman above the ground with his hands.
Reverend Patterk Netser calls him a friend
“The Rev. Evangelist is already heavily based in Nunavut, with followers in most communities.”
“The thicket conferences are held annually and, since the mid-2000s, they have been increasing.”
“One of the organizers of such conferences, Roger Armbruster, told Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that these conferences are a magnet for those whose lives have been destroyed by violence and substance abuse.”
But Howard-Brown’s mission to invest in more infrastructure and infrastructure may be a new one for Nunavut.
“Patterk Netser, a longtime defender of fundamentalist religious beliefs and now Nunavut’s minister of housing and Nunavut Arctic College, calls Herbert-Brown what he calls an “Eskimo friend” who has told him that climate change is completely false.”
“Mr. Netser declined to be interviewed for an interview with Nunatsiaq News but said, “Mr. Romney is a friend of mine and we talk to each other.”
“When asked to respond to Howard-Brown’s numerous media barrages, in which he also suggested that the United States Supreme Court should shoot down an American law that is unconstitutional, Netser said, “What happens in America is not my responsibility.”
My main concern is for my people and the people of Nunavut.”
“Rodney Howard-Brown, the Rev. Evangelist of Florida, preaches in Iqaluit on Aug. 27. (Photo by Thomas Rohner)”
“Tonight the light will be on the ice”
“After about an hour of activity, Howard-Brown – the main target – went to the attorney general’s desk.”
“This evening the light will be on the ice,” the priest said of the more than 100 people, most of them Inuit, of various ages.”
“If you don’t want the light, just run to the door while you can.”
“During the hour, Howard-Brown’s voice gets louder and louder.”
He stopped for a moment to see what was going to happen and occasionally yelled out instructions and made funny comments.
“I know I don’t feel like I’m from Africa, I do because my parents kept me in, never let me out,” she said to laughter.”
“Moses was the first person to work in that office.
The first one broke down and he had to go back and pick up another one.
And Adamie and Evie were the first to create Aperol products.”
“Harvard-Brown became famous, for a reason, for laughing occasionally at meetings where attendees burst into laughter.”
“My granddaughter was exposed to breath when she was two years old, she laughed for 12 minutes without stopping, Herbert-Brown said.”
Herbert-Brown has received numerous complaints from other Evangelists who share his pride in the country.
Described as a misogynist whose religious teachings often lead to laughter and incidents, Herbert-Brown has responded to those who criticize him by saying he simply doesn’t like evil and will go to a place of worship.
“Aariak, the Iqaluit Evangelist and singer who helped create this event, made members laugh during his performance.”
“This is not a funeral, why are people so sad?”
Howard-Brown said.
Arreak burst into laughter.
“We are preserving Jesus and he is alive.”
Arreak laughs out loud.
“I like this preacher,” she says to Arreak, and her laughter gets louder.”
Howard-Brown shares a laugh while the others laugh a little.
“I’m very happy for them.
“You can enjoy yourself in the water, from waterfalls to endless waterfalls.”
Arreak’s laughter suddenly erupted from the roof of the house.
“This is real.
No one will be arrested tonight.”
"Aariak, Nunatsiaq News says he doesn’t want to talk to the media, he laughs again."
“Harvard-Brown also spoke in unclear language, saying the word was originally understood in the Indigenous language of the Papua New Ginny missionary.”
“Man-G-P-T.
“Ron-Bam-Go-Pa-Ta,” she said.”
Rodney Hower-Brown invites guests to the front of the church to get a light breath.
Some people don’t laugh.
But many don’t like Howard-Brown’s advice and don’t laugh at it.
They smashed their way in and out of the building before the mission was complete.
“After failing to pick up any attendees, Howard-Brown allegedly punched two people in the face before they left.”
“Where are you going Bretta?
H.
Hi!
Are you walking out?”
Howard-Brown says to one man in silence as he leaves the church.
“After they leave, they take a few pictures on the phone and then leave?”
You’re a reporter for the daily newspaper here?”
The attendees burst into laughter.
“What happens when I apologize for adopting him and bringing him back... find out who he is and why he’s taking pictures and why he’s leaving,” she said to one of her employees.”
“After asking the priest to come in after his ordination, Howard-Brown suddenly grabbed the two women in the next row of seats because he didn’t like their looks.”
“Have you come back alive?
“Who are you, Jehovah Whitney?”
The attendees burst into laughter.
“I haven’t seen people sitting on the bench who can’t change.
“You can jump around with other people, or maybe you’re better than others.”
The two women then stood up and walked out.
“I’m just trying to ask.
“That’s what I do, it’s my job.”
I know what the human body looks like.
Don’t be disrespectful to me.
It’s not a laughing matter.
The whole of the Arctic is currently connected to what happened last night.”
Activity staff are telling attendees not to take any photos or recordings.
“However, they were the ones who filmed the whole event.”
Even Inuit runners cry when Howard-Brown touches them and are photographed close to them.
“Photos from the Revival Church in Indianapolis’ website show hundreds of attendees in a state of disbelief – their faces hanging from ice, their mouths shut, or lying on the floor.”
A woman who Harvard-Brown touched with her hands is crying on the floor under a thin blanket.
“In front of them, Howard-Brown and her staff approach us to touch Inuit couples.”
This event was originally slated for St. Jude’s
“This event was originally slated to be held at St. Jude’s Anglican Cathedral in Iqaluit, but it was changed.”
“This change was made at the invitation of Howard-Brown, the secretary of St. Joamie’s.”
“David Parsons, the Anglican bishop of the Arctic, said he did not know that Howard-Brown would preach at St. Jude.”
“If he had known, he says he would have stopped it because Howard-Brown was so harsh.”
“As a result, the local Anglican diocese did not comply with the requirement to get permission from the bishop for the event, Parsons said.”
“The Anglican Church works on the principle of conscience, and works with other prayer groups, Parsons said.”
“But there is good faith in each other, and it doesn’t do anything that would be incompatible with the religion and the people who go to church there.”
In Howard-Brown’s case it appears to be the other way around.
“I’m not here to pursue my religious dreams.
“If religion were an event in the Arctic, it would be an event in the Arctic,” she told attendees.”
“I don’t come for an invitation.
“In terms of needs... if you have good lighting, you don’t need a reception.”
“With little attendance, Canada quietly launches new Arctic policy document”
The Liberals say the new policy marks a “significant change in direction”
“Many of the cereals grown in Bathurst Inlet, Nunavut.”
“At the federal election tomorrow, the Liberal government released its long-awaited Northern Policy Framework.”
(File photo)
By Jim Bell
“On the day before the national election campaign kicks off, the Liberal government, with little attendance, launched its long-awaited Northern and Northern Policy Framework on September 10.”
“This document, which presents the first results of the ongoing process, replaces former Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s 2009 Arctic Strategy and the Harper government’s 2010 statement on Canada’s Arctic foreign policy.”
This is intended to guide federal policy in the Arctic until 2030 – but there is no implementation plan or political framework to guide future actions.
“Those will be done in the second phase, the strategy says.”
“Despite all of this, this initiative comes as Carolyn Bennett, the minister of Crown-Indigenous Affairs and Northern Development, said this policy document marks a “significant change in direction for the federal government.”
The release of this policy has been delayed more than expected.
“This winter, Bennett said he hopes to have that policy in place by June.”
CBC reported earlier this month that a news conference scheduled to take place in Yellowknife in August had been cancelled.
“The Liberals have eight “strategies,” which include a set of goals, and 10 “principles.”
“They discussed a wide range of policy issues, including community and regional economic development, infrastructure development, Indigenous rights, environmental protection, national security and foreign policy.”
“Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, in his December 20, 2016, announcement that his government would propose new policies, promised a “reconciliation” process between northern governments and Indigenous groups.”
“As a result, more than 25 Indigenous groups, including the Government of Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, the Yukon, Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland-Labrador, joined the coalition.”
“Through the co-development of Canada’s Arctic and Northern Policy Framework, our partners have helped us understand and raise awareness of the unprecedented rights and responsibilities of different territories, responsibilities and residency rights across the Arctic,” Bennett said in a release.
“And some of the partners also wrote their terms of reference, which are presented in separate policy documents.”
Some of the comments do not address federal policy
“For example, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, the Government of Nunavut, the Government of the Northwest Territories and the three territorial governments have jointly issued personal statements.”
But there is something going on.
Such correspondence submitted by participants may not represent federal policy.
This is a sign that the federal government may be running into obstacles in agreeing to a deal with more than 31 parties.
“While this strategy document is part of the overall strategy, it does not necessarily reflect the views of the federal government or other partners,” the strategy document said.”
The document also said the approval process was fraught.
“These ideas, objectives and goals and aspirations are the product of a meeting of many minds and ideas.”
This means there is an occasional agreement between the federal government and Indigenous parties to seek our approval.”
You can find garbage trucks with Arctic policies on display here.
8 Goals
“There are eight objectives in the strategy, which reflect the federal government’s commitment.”
“A strong, sustainable, diversified and sustainable local and regional economy.”
• Ensuring Canada’s Arctic and Arctic Indigenous peoples are sustainable and healthy.
• Ensuring Canada’s Arctic and Arctic Inuit are safe and protected.
• A stronger institution where differences can be reconciled with those elsewhere in Canada.
• A legislative framework for the Arctic provides an effective framework for new opportunities and opportunities.
• Technical and understanding guidelines for decision-making.
• Keep Canada’s Arctic and Arctic ecosystems healthy and vibrant.
• Co-development helps sustain and restore trust between Indigenous and non-Indigenous people.
These goals start with a series of “projects” outlined in more detail.
Ten principles
“As well as addressing these goals and objectives, the policy document lays out a set of principles underneath, which are designed to “continue to guide the implementation of the program”:”
“Decisions about the Arctic will be made in a spirit of cooperation and northern participation, reflecting rights, needs and Arctic aspirations.”
“The rights and positions of federal, provincial, Indigenous and municipal governments will be respected.”
“Development must be practical and robust, socially, culturally, economically and environmentally minded.”
“Continued reconciliation with Indigenous peoples, using the work of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission as a starting point, will be the key to success.”
“To address the reality of climate change in this region, action will be taken by a wide range of stakeholders, including its impact on Indigenous peoples, who continue to depend on land and wildlife for culture, economic development and food security.”
“The policy and program will highlight inequalities and inequality, and apply resources such as a gender-specific survey (Gender-Based Analysis Plus) to address issues that may affect different ethnic groups.”
“This is a framework that takes into account multilateral principles that ensure the rights, interests and status of Inuit, Arctic Indigenous and Métis peoples are respected, defined and implemented.”
“The Government of Canada recognizes the Inuit, Indigenous and Métis Indigenous peoples of Canada, in many ways, as rights-conscious communities, with their own histories, along with those of the federal government.”
“• Working towards a partnership based on rights, respect, partnerships that reflect the aspirations, priorities and circumstances of each individual.”
“Both organizations, from the private sector to universities and colleges, along with non-profit organizations, community organizations and independent Canadians, have a critical role to play in building a stronger Canada in the Arctic.”
Nunavut Conservative Party candidate blames carbon tax for driving up costs “for everyone”
Leona Aglukkaq discusses her election strategy for Nunavut
“ Leona Aglukkaq, the Nunavut Conservative Party candidate, shows Conservative Party president Andrew Snee flowers in Iqaluit’s Siberia Grinnell Park during a visit to the city on June 19.”
(Photo by Emma Toronto)
By Emma Dando
“The Conservative candidate says that if a Conservative government were to be formed, they would abolish the carbon tax because “it raises the cost of everything.”
Leona Aglukkaq begins her election campaign tour of Nunavut communities.
The Nunavut MP kicked off his election campaign in Iqaluit with an event on September 12 at the Frobisher Hotel.
He later flew to Rankin Inlet the next day before returning to Iqaluit next week.
Nunatsiaq News was able to speak with Aglukkaq while she was in Iqaluit.
“The carbon tax “boosts the cost of air travel, shipping, hunting and homeownership,” says Aglukkaq’s campaign poster.
Aglukkaq also told Nunatsiaq News that the tax has a negative impact on daycares and elders’ homes by increasing heating costs.
“Every single product is affected by this smoke tax.”
Aglukkaq said.
“The carbon tax when we can’t afford it is like not being able to speak to a computer.”
“However, George Hickes, Nunavut’s finance minister, announced in May that under an agreement with Ottawa, electricity and aviation fuels that once belonged to Nunavut were exempt from this tax.”
The Government of Nunavut also contributes half of the cost of the carbon tax to Nunavut.
“Aglukkaq’s candidates for Nunavut have four priorities: affordability, housing, mental health and job creation.”
“How can we as a government and the private sector and the Government of Nunavut work together to address the huge housing needs across the Arctic?”
“Housing Aglukkaq’s campaign priority is to develop a strategy that includes housing for those in need, elders’ housing and disability housing.”
“Federal and territorial governments must also focus on promoting homeownership, he said.”
Aglukkaq also mentioned the creation of northern facilities and mental health education for Nunavummiut.
“Nunavut is a large territory with excellent coastlines in Canada and we are still left with much needed marine infrastructure in our territory, so we have to consider large-scale projects like this in the Arctic,” she said.
“We must address housing needs, training Nunavummiut to access mental health services so we can support our communities.”
“When asked if it would impede the federal government’s Nutrition North program, Aglukkaq said the carbon tax has caused food prices to rise through increased freight costs.”
“When asked if he would consider using that program, and if not, what he would do other than a carbon tax, he said he would discuss it with the Nutrition North Advisory Board.”
“She said that if the Conservative government became government, that board would remain in place.”
“It’s important to have people in the north who can advise the government on how to improve the program.
This is not a very good project.
Not everything is perfect in the world.
But there has to be a subsidy for Arctic food.”
“Aglukkaq did not want to be specific about what she would say about Nutrition North, but said there should be subsidies for food and “repeal” would not help.”
“Most recently, a study published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal found that food is harder to eat in Nunavut under the Nutrition North Canada Program, as outlined in the Canadian Community Health Survey.”
“Aglukkaq said her work as minister of the environment would help combat climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but she did not elaborate on how she would do so.”
He said he would support the Kivalliq transport link (hydro-fibre link) and the Green Bay railway and the Kitikmeot port.
“Are we likely to eliminate our dependence on fossil fuels in the near future?
“No,” she said.”
“When Conservative prime minister Andrew Scheer visited Iqaluit this past June, he stressed the need for Nunavut to develop a recycling program, saying it is “a real challenge” under the current Liberal government.”
Aglukkaq said she believes policies have already been put in place to engage Inuit in discussions about recycling development and it’s unclear whether they will be put in place now.
“The Nunavut Land Claims Agreement provides clarity on how business should be conducted in the Arctic. The land claims agreement, in my view, is the most important part of the environmental plan.”
“It protects our land, it protects our water, it protects our wildlife.”
“There is already a set of requirements for how projects should be carried out.
And it has become a legal imperative and we should be very proud of it.
“Any decisions about the Arctic must come from the people of the Arctic, not from Ottawa.”
“Aglukkaq left her headquarters to go to Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on September 19, her office said.”
“He also plans to travel to Pangnirtung, Qikiqtarjuaq and Clyde River before heading to the Kivalliq and Kitikmeot regions.”
MLAs look for a new Nunavut Languages Commissioner
Helen Klanberg quits her job due to health issues
“Nunavut MLAs will soon begin the search for a new Nunavut Languages Commissioner, after Helen Klanenberg leaves her position.”
Klanberg has served as the Languages Commissioner since 2017.
By Nunatsiaq News
“Nunavut MLAs will soon begin the search for a new Languages Commissioner, following the resignation of Helen Klanberg from that position.”
“Klansberg, who served as Nunavut’s Languages Commissioner starting in June 2017, resigned recently due to health reasons.”
“Because the Languages Commissioner is an official of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut and reports directly to the Legislative Assembly, the current Legislative Assembly will choose Klanberg’s replacement.”
“This would be done through the Management and Services Board, the committee of MLAs that oversees the legislative assembly’s administrative functions, Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a brief statement this past September 17.”
“I anticipate that the Management and Services Board will begin the recruitment process in the near future and will make an announcement if necessary on an acting basis,” Mikkungwak said.
“The role of the Languages Commissioner, under the terms outlined in the Official Languages Act, is to act as a language rights watchdog in Nunavut.”
“Klansberg was appointed in 2017 after a lengthy search that lasted almost a year, following the sudden resignation of Sandra Inutiq in June 2016.”
Inutiq resigned from his position a month later after submitting a report on the Qikiqtani General Hospital that found the hospital does not have a language policy and does not provide adequate services to Inuktitut- and French-speaking patients.
He also said the deputy health minister had applied for a year’s worth of records.
“Subsequently, MLAs advertised for the position three times prior to the appointment of Klanberg.”
“In 2017, the Languages Commissioner’s job was paid anywhere from $119,000 to $170,000 a year, with a northern allowance of $15,016 a year, 25 days of paid leave a year and a variety of other benefits.”
Canadian Inuit Association to Expand Strategy on Inuit Nunangat
“ITK’s campaign priorities included reducing inequality, building infrastructure, Inuit entrepreneurship”
The Canadian Inuit representative group wants a broader economic strategy for Inuit Nunangat “to track the development of a national railway or railway that connects eastern Canada to western Canada.”
The Canadian Inuit Association has made a major announcement to whoever becomes Canada’s next federal governor: the creation of a major sovereignty corridor in Inuit Nunangat “to track the development of a national railway or railway network connecting eastern Canada to western Canada.”
“In support of this, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami released a list of nine topics that priority MLA candidates should consider during the current federal election campaign.”
“Inuit Nunangat is one of the most undeveloped regions in Canada.
“Inuit are experiencing unfair treatment compared to other Canadians, as well as other Canadians living in Inuit Nunangat,” ITK said in a release.”
“In addition to this, ITK has also released a list of proposals for the next federal government’s 2020 budget, which is expected to be released in February or March.”
The budget submission strongly recommends that the next government of Canada continue to implement Inuit Nunangat policies with Inuit-specific benefits.
“ITK tells all provincial and territorial governments to work towards the implementation of Inuit land policy at all levels of government, so that Inuit can access and benefit from policies, programs and initiatives intended to benefit our people,” ITK President Nathan Obed said in a release.”
Each of the two documents contains the following demands:
• Launch in all 51 Inuit Nunangat communities using fibre optic telecommunications by 2031.
• eliminate technical problems in Inuit Nunangat by 2030.
• End the housing backlog in all four Inuit Nunangat communities within two years.
• Develop more substance abuse treatment facilities.
• Develop more family violence shelters and temporary housing.
• More investment in people with mental illness and suicide prevention.
The nine specific Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami language priorities are as follows:
1.
Work on social justice and suicide prevention.
Item 2.
Work on housing to ensure that all those on the waiting list are eligible for housing in the Inuit homeland within two years of being elected.
Item 3.
“To address energy and climate change, Canadians must eliminate greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.”
4.
Work to strengthen Inuit-Crown relations.
Item 5.
“Focus on building infrastructure and economic self-sufficiency, starting with the creation of the Northern Infrastructure Fund, which will be available in all four Inuit communities, with an initial contribution of $1 billion.”
Item 6.
Work on making the education system more equitable for Inuit and non-Inuit.
Item 7.
“Implement a code of conduct that has been submitted to the National Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women, along with 46 Inuit-specific legal actions.”
Item 8.
Address food insecurity and food insecurity.
Item 9.
Work to advance Inuit interest in science.
“ITK has a tradition of being non-partisan, and does not support any parliamentary party.”
“In the latest CBC Canada survey, from September 20, the Liberal Party of Canada and the Conservative Party of Canada were roughly in line.”
“This electoral survey, which compiles all public survey data, puts the current Conservative Party at 34.7 per cent support, the Liberals at 34.1 per cent, the New Democratic Party at 13.5 per cent, and the Green Party at 9.6 per cent, Black Caucus at 4.4 per cent and the Peoples Party of Canada at 2.8 per cent.”
The electoral analysis also suggests that the Liberals have a better chance of winning a majority of seats.
“The federal election will be held here on Monday, October 21.”
Nunavut has a new polar bear management plan: Nunavut Wildlife Management Board (NWMB)
“We will do everything we can to make sure this happens before the polar bear hunting season”
“Nunavut’s new polar bear management plan establishes an equal number of male and female polar bears in all Nunavut polar bear populations, said the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board.”
(Photo by Jane George)
By Jane George
Cambridge Bay – GN approves new polar bear management plan
This was announced by the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board members at the Kitikmeot Wildlife Management Board’s annual general meeting in Cambridge Bay last week.
“The starting point for this new polar bear management plan is a balanced male and female polar bear hunt for Nunavut’s polar bears, Nunavut Wildlife Management Board Chairman Dan Shewchuk, told delegates.”
“The meeting in Cambridge Bay is the first of three regional wildlife board meetings that he and Jason Akeeagok, the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board’s executive director, plan to attend.”
Akeeagok said the polar bear management plan was “a lot of work.”
“We’re going to do everything we can to make sure that happens before the polar bear hunting season,” he said.”
“This plan has been under consideration for nearly five years, and was announced in a plan to be developed this past March in Iqaluit at the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board meeting.”
The plan will be in place until 2029.
This female polar bear jumped into the water near Arctic Bay while its four floors watched.
“Under the new polar bear management plan, the threat of killing a polar bear in three communities would be silenced.”
(Photo courtesy of photographer Niore Iqaluitjuk)
“Of all the Arctic regions in the world’s 19 regions where polar bears live, 12 are concentrated in Nunavut.”
Polar bear quotas have been set by region (e.g. male-only) of the polar bear population – and the killing of polar bears in protected areas is included in the yearly polar bear quota set by communities.
“Although the new plan will not increase the total allowable harvest at this time, a new total allowable harvest may be considered when new data is collected.”
“Under the previous plan, Nunavut communities were allowed to harvest one female polar bear out of every two males harvested through annual community polar bear tags.”
“This was done only in the Baffin Bay polar bear population, where there is equal access to female and male polar bears. Under the new plan, it will not matter whether a polar bear harvested in Nunavut is male or female but must be treated equally.”
At least half the names would be tagged.
This new balanced male/female polar bear quota will allow community polar bear protection to continue if necessary.
“Increased polar bear visits to communities have been a concern in Nunavut following the deaths of two polar bears in the Kivalliq region last year – however, under the current management plan, a protected kill of a polar bear, if it was a female, would result in the use of two tags.”
As a result, some communities no longer have tags to protect polar bears.
“This new plan could prevent more communities from importing polar bears, Shewchuk told Nunatsiaq News.”
“But he has previously said that polar bear encounters are dangerous to Inuit culture and way of life, because they damage cabins, bird habitats and seals.”
Attendees at the meeting in Cambridge Bay welcomed the changes to the polar bear management plan.
They were also pleased that the dog team would soon have five more tags for grizzly bears.
A large gull was seen and shot as it got too close to several houses in Mount Bailey.
“On the other hand, with this new polar bear management plan they may have a different perspective.”
“The future of polar bears is uncertain because of climate change, according to a 2018 study by the Committee on the Status of Endangered Species in Canada (COSEWIC). The committee, COSEWIC, further assessed polar bears as “a matter of serious concern.”
It means that polar bears are at risk of extinction due to a combination of invasive species and designated threats.
Nunavut committee extends deadline for Bill 25 submission
Committee members will receive comments as of 5 p.m. on Oct. 11
“Jan Main, chair of the Standing Committee on Legislation, said the committee will extend its public hearing on Bill 25 and that the committee will review the legislation.”
By Emma Toronto
“The Nunavut Legislative Assembly’s Standing Committee on Legislation will continue to receive comments from the public on Bill 25, an Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, until October 11.”
The last day for submissions was September 13.
“I and my colleagues would like to thank Nunavummiut for their input on this important piece of legislation,” committee Chairman John Main said in a Thursday, September 26 news release.”
Anyone was invited to submit documents to the committee when Bill 25 was introduced during the legislative assembly’s spring sitting in June.
The bill passed second reading and was referred to the standing committee for review.
“The committee met in mid-September to review the legislation, and received submissions from the public.”
The committee also announced that it will extend its review of Bill 25 to the fall session so that it can be televised for two weeks from the end of November.
“The Minister of Education and witnesses will attend the committee’s inquiry, which will allow Nunavummiut to witness our actions,” Main said in a release.”
“We want Bill 25 to be phased in, over a 20-year period (20 years), so that Inuktitut can be taught in schools from kindergarten to Grade 12.”
“At the same time, the legislation would create the Inuit Language Protection Act as part of the Education Act, and extend the deadline for the implementation of bilingual education for grades 4 to 12 in a designed framework that expires on July 1, 2039.”
“Detailed observations and recommendations of the committee’s inquiry will be made available in the near future, the release said.”
“The Legislative Assembly will reconvene for the fall session on Thursday, October 17.”
“Submissions will be received until 5:00 p.m. on Friday, October 11.”
All comments on the grants will be made public when they are discussed in the House during the fall session.
Comments on the letter can be directed to:
“Jane Main, MLA”
“Chair, Standing Committee on Legislation”
Nunavut Parliament
Document 1200
“Iqaluit, Nunavut”
X0A 0H0
Tel: (867) 975-5000
Fax: (867) 975-5191
Web site: submissions@assembly.nu.ca
Inuktitut Roman orthography – Strategy and Appeal
Our contributions today to our children and future generations
This is Roman orthography – applicable to all Inuit languages across the country.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami says it will not replace syllabics and that Inuit Nunangat’s traditional use of syllabics and other materials will remain intact.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has also said Inuit will not have to replace traditional writing systems.
By the correspondence of Mayor <unk>man
“I was very proud to hear that the board of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami unanimously approved the creation of a new Inuktitut writing system, named after the syllabic version of Inuktitut that was released earlier this month.”
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami means “the unity of the Canadian people” and there are few better examples of the power our people have long shared to ensure the survival of our culture and language.
That to me at this point in time is encouraging.
“In June 2011 • as the president of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, we launched a courageous renewal campaign to change our education system.”
“We launched a national campaign for Inuinnaqtun education with 10 ambitious recommendations that reflected our shared vision of giving our children the right to the education they deserve, safeguarding their language and culture and language.”
Our recommendations included the creation of a centralized public registry.
Individual Canadians have spent decades trying to reach that goal and we are reaching a new chapter in our history.
Inuinnaqtun language conservationists in every community in the Inuit homeland paved the way for the creation of Inuktitut Roman orthography.
This means that we will have a single writing system in which all Inuit learn their language in a meaningful way.
The use of this new system will be gradual.
“My vision for Inuinnaqtun writing systems will not replace or preserve the traditional community writing system, as it is designed to participate in existing writing systems to improve Inuinnaqtun communications.”
Our contribution today is to our children and future generations.
I can now imagine that Inuinnaqtun-speaking Canadians will be better able to communicate and share humorous materials and teaching materials so that high-quality teaching is no longer an issue and our children will graduate from high school with the ability to write and speak both languages.
“We face a global development challenge as ordinary people. Our attempts to uphold Western values have severely limited our social culture, family structure, and language.”
But we are here today.
Over the years we have had to look back at our history to understand who we are today and why we are where we are today.
I believe that with our switchboard-like system are we going to have to keep looking backwards or are we going to focus on the future.
The use of Inuktitut and Roman orthography in Canada’s civil society sends a message that we want to move forward together as a united people.
“It has been eight years since we launched the national campaign for Inuit education, where we have been able to promote the word “Inuktut” to mean all Inuit in each language, regardless of their origin or different dialect.”
That leads me to see that by uniting the Inuit people, we can overcome all of the system’s unrealistic barriers.
“We are blessed with our language and our identity, and the health of our language keeps us healthy.”
I’m hopeful that we can use Inuktitut in all languages and writing systems going forward. • We share the challenges of filling our vacancies with ordinary people.
“Mr. Simon was president of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami at the 2011 launch of the Canadian Target for Inuit Education, which included a recommendation to create a single writing system for the Inuit language.”
French commission apologizes to Quebec premier
“Many of the rules, policies, practices or institutional practices that facilitate inequality and discrimination have their roots”
“Quebec Premier Francois Legger apologized to Indigenous Indians and Inuit of Quebec on October 2, following news reports of discrimination in the ongoing work of the Public Service.”
(Screen grab)
“Thus, the Quebec government has not fulfilled its obligations to Indigenous peoples, Leggo said.”
“Liego made his apology – the first of 142 recommendations in the report – at the National Indigenous Roundtable on Wednesday, October 2, two days after former Supreme Court Justice Jack Wainwright, the commission’s executive director, delivered his report.”
“It’s not fit for purpose, Leggett said.”
He said he would review all of the decisions and look into the reasons for the discrimination.
“Many of the laws, policies, practices or institutional practices that perpetuate inequality and prejudice have resulted in serious deficiencies in the delivery of services to Indigenous First Nations and Inuit,” Wines said in her September 30 report.
“Their inquiry focused on Indigenous issues faced by the RCMP, the legal system, corrections, health and social services, and youth protection services.”
Lucy Gray was an Inuk spokesperson for the Finnish commission.
“Here, in a November 2018 presentation to the inquiry.”
(Photo by Sarah Rogers)
“Kativik Municipality issued a news release stressing the importance of these recommendations, in an effort to improve relations between Indigenous Inuit and the Quebec government.”
“In particular, the Kativik Regional Government strongly urged the government to respect the decision to allow videoconferencing of criminal trials in small communities, which the Kativik Regional Government has discussed with the Quebec government.”
“The Kativik Community Government has a mandate to work closely with all levels of government and other regional organizations to implement the commission’s recommendations within its mandate,” said Kativik Community Government Chair Jennifer Melnik in a release.”
Nunavik’s Department of Health and Social Services also responded to the report by saying that members’ ongoing concerns raised by the commission about health and social services and youth protection services were addressed.
The need to fund and administer health and social services was also raised by members during the inquiry.
“We look forward to the Quebec government acting on the report’s recommendations, and in a manner that is collaborative in its design and use,” said executive director Minnie Gray in an October 2 press release.”
The committee also thanked the commission for putting the Quebec Arbitration Commission in charge of implementing the 142 recommendations.
Makivik President Charlie Watt also spoke at the inquiry into Nunavik’s actions and said in an October 1 news release that Inuit were able to provide feedback on the research.
“On many occasions, in tears, my fellow Inuit spoke to the commission about their experiences in the areas of health, justice, social services, youth protection, historical problems and other Quebec government services,” Watt said.
“However, he said the report will respond, “in accordance with the first recommendation – that Quebec apologize to Inuit and Indigenous First Nations for its unfair public service to our people – we now feel that we have been heard.”
Three legislative proposals promise to eliminate Nunavut’s dependence on diesel fuel by 2030
“This is a lot of work”
Students walked across four corners of Iqaluit on September 27 to participate in a global climate change protest.
Three legislative candidates for the federal government say they want to eliminate Nunavut’s dependence on fossil fuels for electricity by 2030.
(Photo courtesy of Dustin Pattar)
By Dustin Pattar
“During this federal election campaign, three legislative candidates announced that Nunavut’s use of diesel fuel for electricity would be banned by 2030.”
“Currently all 25 communities in Nunavut have diesel-fueled power plants operated by the Qulliq Energy Corp., the only power company in Canada that does not have refined electricity in their communities.”
Changing that would be a huge and expensive task.
“This is a very ambitious project,” said Martha Lien, Arctic renewable energy specialist for the World Wildlife Fund.”
“It’s probably possible, just with a little bit of luck.”
The Green Party’s campaign promise is to “implement a renewable energy system.
“By 2030, all of Canada’s electricity will come from renewable sources.”
This includes banning outpost camps in northern communities from using teaspoons of fuel to generate electricity.”
“The Liberal Party says it will “move forward financially by eliminating Inuit communities from fossil fuels but generating electricity using clean, renewable energy – like hydro, wind and solar power – by 2030.”
The New Democratic Party (NDP) said “the goal is to enable Canada to generate electricity from non-carbon sources of energy by 2030... this low carbon energy investment will focus on communities and create jobs.
“We would support initiatives such as community-owned and operated clean energy projects to create jobs for residents and skilled people, and work with Indigenous and Arctic communities to eliminate the use of fossil fuels.”
“According to an Environment and Climate Change Canada report released earlier this year, greenhouse gas emissions in Nunavut account for less than 1 per cent of this impact.”
“In 2012, Nunavut produced 0.6 megatonnes of greenhouse gases (carbon dioxide), equivalent to 18,000 cars per capita.”
“In the same year, Alberta, which is considered Canada’s top greenhouse gas emitter, produced 84 million passenger vehicles.”
“Despite this, Nunavut has seen greenhouse gas emissions from vehicles rise by more than 30 per cent since 2005, the biggest gain in Canada and Alberta by almost two-thirds, which is the second-highest increase over the same period.”
“Even if energy changes were made by the three MLA candidates to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the impact on Canada’s greenhouse gas emissions would still be small.”
The community seems to have something to gain from this.
“Nunavut pays the largest amount of electricity than any other jurisdiction in the country, and funding for renewable energy will help reduce this.”
“However, what to do with renewable energy projects is likely to be a disproportionate share of the current cost of generating electricity.”
“Last month, the World Wildlife Management Board released a report outlining how renewable energy could provide electricity to each of the 25 communities in Nunavut.”
“It found that by reducing costs by 8 per cent – primarily due to the risk of redundancy or other redundancies – Baker Lake, Coral Harbour, Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet would save money by switching to 20 per cent renewable energy, along with direct payments over the next 15 years.”
The survey also showed that 16 other communities receive a 4 per cent subsidy – roughly what the Qulliq Energy Corp. can afford to borrow – as well as an average of $2 million in subsidies and a 20 per cent budget transfer.
“But the report only talks about the viability of these projects, suggesting that shifting to renewable energy would be cheaper than current energy prices.”
But moving communities to areas capable of using renewable energy would be a tremendous undertaking.
“It’s going to take a lot of consultation, and it’s going to take at least a year to reach the energy goals of all the communities,” said Lien.”
“They would have to go to the communities, work with them on what they want to do, and how the communities envision energy, to find out what their priorities are and what the communities consider to be the most important areas for transport and harvesting.”
“This does not include the development of multiple assets for solar power or wind, which will take at least two years to fully integrate, or any work by the Qulliq Energy Corp. to ensure that renewable energy is reliable to its customers.”
“To move all communities to 100 per cent renewable energy, in the spirit of the three MLA candidates, would not only prolong the process but also cost huge sums of money.”
“The New Democratic Party (NDP) and the Liberal Democrats have not yet announced how much money they will contribute to the relocation, as the Green Party announced last week.”
“As part of its campaign expenditure statement, the Green Party promised $150 million over five years for decentralization to all outpost camps and northern communities – not just in Nunavut – to reduce dependence on fossil fuels.”
But it’s not good enough.
“Lien explained that if a community like Arctic Bay were to relocate even 60 per cent of its electricity, it would require an operating expenditure of about $27.8 million.”
“According to the same report, for other communities to achieve a 60 per cent reliance on renewable energy, they would have to use a higher proportion.”
“In Iqaluit, it’s estimated to cost about $148 million.”
“Although this is obviously smaller than the $250-500 million worth of energy considered by the city, this would only apply to one community that the Green Party is proposing to subsidize.”
“Lien does not expect the federal government to pay for all of these projects, but he acknowledges that the scope and scope of the work will be complex and complex.”
“Looking at the 2030 deadline, it’s not going to be a lot of time.”
“In terms of solar energy, I think it’s going to take two to five years.”
“In terms of wind energy, I would imagine it would take five to seven years,” said Lien when asked about the scope of the energy project.”
“Looking at those deadlines and dividing them into 25 communities and working simultaneously in remote communities and where land isn’t always available, Lien wondered how it would be accomplished. Given the magnitude of the potential, he says it’s a real possibility.”
“I think to reach those goals, that’s going to make a big difference.”
“Even if we don’t reach 100 per cent, there is a lot of enthusiasm.”
“Please note: this article discusses the federal election campaigns of the Green Party, Liberal Party and New Democratic Party (NDP).”
“At the time this book was prepared, the Conservative Party had not yet announced its candidacy, so it is not included in this report.”
Subject: Underlying systemic early childhood and daycare issues
We must recognize the vital role that early childhood and daycare workers play in Nunavut’s vital workforce.
“Lakuluk Williamson Patry, the chair of the Footprints Daycare Board, is seeking additional support from the Government of Nunavut for quality early childhood education and childcare based on Inuit language and culture.”
By Nunatsiaq News
Letters to Nunavut Premier Joe Savikataaq and Education Minister David Joanasie-Savikataaq and Minister Joanasie
I am one of those people who feel very strongly about our language and culture.
“I chair the board of directors of Footprints Daycare, the only Inuktitut-language school for early childhood education in Iqaluit and the only one in the Iqaluit headquarters in Nunavut that provides daycare to children who already speak Inuktitut.”
“Footprints Daycare closed on Aug. 21-September 12, 2019 due to staff shortages that forced it to close and, in addition, has been operating with a staff shortage for nearly a year.”
“Very few people apply for jobs at Footprints Daycare because they don’t get paid enough (Iqaluit has the highest daycare costs), the staff don’t get subsidized, they don’t get housing because they’re seen as a low-wage woman’s job in daycare.”
“The centre is now open again, but its urgent operation is now under strain: we have lost an excellent employee who was tired of quitting.”
“We now have a part-time administrative staff member, a full-time daycare manager, two daycare workers and each parent who works on a case-by-case basis at the daycare (all of whom have criminal records checks and security clearances), all working full-time, while we look for a full-time, qualified employee.”
“This process is not uncommon, but for those of us who have children, we believe that our children are safe and that the Inuktitut-speaking questionnaire is open.”
There is still a risk of it closing permanently.
“Nunavut’s daycare operations are currently unprofitable. Daycare workers are often expected to provide one of the most important child-related services in order to provide quality early childhood education, based on Inuit culture and language, which is often undercut by low costs and inadequate support.”
The non-profit organization relies on numerous sources of limited annual funding and parent volunteers to manage the daycare at the preschool.
“Primary care workers often suffer from low pay and no benefits, no adequate training for their jobs and no housing for staff.”
Daycare workers are now being asked to work for less than what they need to sustain themselves or their families.
The crisis facing our daycares is due to the unique need for staff with the necessary skills to promote and preserve the Inuit language and culture at an early age for our children; Tumulik hires only those who are fluent in Inuktitut.
We are 100 per cent Inuit employed.
But our high turnover has caused us to struggle with staff shortages due to a lack of competition and bonuses for staff who have quit.
“That, in turn, affects early childhood and early childhood education.”
Inuit need to be properly supported and valued so that our language and culture are taught to our children.
The Government of Nunavut must consider how best to support quality early childhood education and ensure that daycare is based on Inuit language and culture.
“Effective value-added early childhood education and child care workers are paid competitive rates and receive public subsidies, which include housing on the job, vacation time, training at work and in school.”
Footprints’ vision is to expand the daycare’s reach to the general public and increase programs to accommodate more Inuit children.
“We are now looking for a larger, daycare facility to fulfill our vision, which is why we have raised nearly $80,000 for the new space that has been collected.”
It proposes the following reforms for the Government of Nunavut:
“To integrate early childhood and daycare workers into the GN workforce to ensure that they receive the same rate of pay as GN employees, consistent with the GN’s pay structure in eight categories, as applied to employees in the Nunavut school system;”
• Incorporate the operations and maintenance of daycares in Nunavut into the education system;
“Provide subsidies to early childhood and daycare workers but do not apply to short-term expenses that include long-term sick leave, vacations, bilingual bonuses, maternity leave and housing”
• Establish an organization to support all daycares in Nunavut;
• Working with daycares to immediately address urgent challenges will allow us to jointly develop a long-term plan to transform the operation of daycares.
We must recognize the vital role that early childhood and daycare workers play in Nunavut’s vital workforce.
We want our daycares to be fully staffed with fully staffed positions and all employees to be subsidized.
We have to keep our daycares open all the time.
“By changing the operation of daycare, Nunavut’s early childhood and daycare workers will feel comfortable in their jobs and will be able to take significant steps forward to transform the early childhood and daycare system in a way that best suits the lives of children so that they can get started, including learning the Inuktitut language, growing up with a strong foundation in Inuit culture, and participating fully in Canadian society.”
“The truth is written,”
Lakuluk Williamson Patori
“Chair, Footprints Daycare (Iqaluit Inuit Daycare Association) Board of Directors”
Do you recognize these people in the photo?
“I realize this picture is a long time coming”
“This is an edited version of the back of the photo, taken in Kugluktuk, Nunavut – at the time the English name was Coppermine – on May 18, 1930.”
The writer found his grandfather’s ashes at the time of his death and he wants to know if there is a way to identify these Inuit women.
I found this photo on my grandfather’s estate at the time of his death.
“My name was Dr. James Jamieson, and I knew he was a nurse in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II, stationed here on duty in Newfoundland and Goose Bay, Labrador.”
“I’m not sure when he got this photo or this article from J.H. (on the back of the photo), but I knew he knew people in the north.”
“I know this photo was taken a long time ago, but I don’t know if anyone would recognize it ... and if they’re one of those people would want that photo taken.”
“With all due respect,”
Sarah Howard
“North Bay, originally from Ontario and now living in Prince Edward Island”
This word is written on the back of an Inuit woman’s copy.
Inuit language rights were highlighted at the Montreal conference by Inuktitut-speaking delegates.
“It’s called the Inuit Cultural Education Program because it was intended to • use the Inuit language”
“NTI President Aluki Kotierk, right, delivers a speech titled “Inuit are animal rights” on Thursday, Oct. 3, at the Inuit Cultural Education Conference in Montreal.”
“And with him is Louis Tapardjuk, a member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Rights Commission.”
Even though there were no interpreters, the two of them kept speaking in Inuktitut.
(Photo by Lisa Gregor)
By Lisa Gregor Not a regular user of Nunatsiaq News
“In the Montreal boardroom there was a lot of noise on Thursday, October 3, when Inuit attending the 21st Inuit Cultural Education Summit walked into the room to hear two Inuit leaders talk about why speaking Inuktitut in Nunavut is a basic human right and that right appears to have been denied.”
“NTI President Aluki Kotierk and Louis Tapardjuk, a former GN minister and member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Authority, showed up on time and sat in the chairs in front of the Inuit people.”
“Photographers organized a live broadcast on Nunavut Tunngavik Inc.’s Facebook page, featuring video from a variety of websites featuring English-speaking speakers, and attendees were almost entirely Inuk as they listened to the speech.”
“Kotierk welcomed attendees and began speaking in Inuktitut, with those who spoke Inuktitut occasionally shaking their heads and clapping.”
“Those who couldn’t speak Inuktitut, including this writer, just sat there with their eyes open.”
Some people just walked out.
Some are just trying to listen to their mobile phones while they wait for English translations.
There was no English translation.
Welcome to an amazing community for so many people in Nunavut.
“It’s called the Inuit Cultural Education Program so it was like, especially when we talked about the Inuit language, we wanted to use the Inuit language,” Kotierk said at the launch.”
“Louie and I talked about it and we knew there wouldn’t be an interpreter but we felt it was important to use our language when we talked about the need to support and sustain our language development.”
“The International Conference, which brings together Arctic experts from the north and south, has, in recent years, begun to involve more Inuktitut speakers and activists, making the conference more focused on Inuit needs and increasing interaction between Inuit and non-Inuit educated people.”
“This Inuktitut hearing, with its emphasis on language as a human right, appears to have been the turning point in that process.”
Kotierk’s speech outlined the many pieces of legislation needed to promote and protect the Inuktitut language in a territory where there are more Inuit and more speakers of Inuktitut.
“There are provisions in the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (Ala.) that call for action and legislative action by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the National Inquiry into Murdered and Missing Indigenous Women and Girls, as well as Nunavut’s language legislation.”
“Kotierk described many recent Inuit deaths, at least in part, related to language and cultural harbours, such as Annie Kotierk, who died of liver failure in 2017, and 15-year-old Eileen Kuniliusie, who died of tuberculosis that same year.”
“Inuit want to live adequate lives and have basic human rights.
“Canadian Inuit do not deserve to die in the absence of access and services on a par with other Canadians,” Kotierk wrote in her prepared remarks.”
“In his prepared remarks, Tapardjuk referred to a recent incident in Iqaluit in which an RCMP officer approached an elder to report that his adopted son had been shot to death at a youth centre.”
This woman is single and unilingual.
Tapardjuk said the RCMP had to stop the vehicle to ask for help in relaying the bad news.
“There are a number of things that could have been done through this story if this person had an assistant whose life was going to change, who didn’t even have an interpreter,” Kotierk told Nunatsiaq News.”
“Many of us Inuit who speak English and Inuktitut are invited to work.
“We are expected to be interpreters at all times, even if we don’t know the Inuit.”
Sometimes for privacy reasons.
“That, by the way, I would say is a violation of human rights.”
“Kotierk said even those who speak Inuktitut in Nunavut should have access to professional services in their language in the areas of health, justice and education.”
Even those aren’t available.
She and other leaders continue to call on the federal government to protect their language and people’s homes.
Ottawa passed a new Indigenous Language Act in June that has drawn criticism from NTI and Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami who say its decisions have been ignored.
“Kotierk said he wants people to know, “We are the authorities.”
Let’s speak in Inuktitut when we go to the store.
Let’s speak in Inuktitut when we go to the bank.
Let’s speak in Inuktitut when we go to school.
“If we speak more Inuktitut and don’t think about those who can’t understand it, then they can get a bigger share of what they need.”
Qikiqtani Inuit Association announces fee for tourism operators on Inuit owned lands
Fees to be applied immediately
“Tourism operators who visit the islands in Nunavut will now have to pay tourism bills if they want access to Inuit Nunangat, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit from October 8 to 10.”
“Commercial tourism operators must now pay for Inuit to travel to their own communities in the Qikiqtani region, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit on Wednesday, October 9.”
The islands attract the largest number of cruise ship passengers in the entire territory.
“In Pond Inlet 17 passenger ships were visited this summer, while Iqaluit was visited by four.”
“Inuit in Qikiqtani communities have been concerned about the increasing number of tourism activities in our region, especially by passenger cruise ships.”
“The Qikiqtani Inuit Association has decided to set up a tourism operator compensation fund to help people in communities affected by cruise ships,” P. J. Akeeagok, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association president, said in a news release.”
The news comes after the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s Land and Recycling Division announced new spending.
The new fees apply to:
• Aircraft landing in Inuit Nunangat: $150
• Helicopters landing on Inuit land: $100 per landing
• Commercial camps in Inuit communities: $50 a day
• Commercial access to visitors for less than six hours on Inuit lands: $25.00 a day
“Half of the wedding expenses will go to the hunters and trappers organizations that are closest to the tourism industry’s resources, the release said.”
Half of the other half would go to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
“The number of ships carrying Inuit cargo to Nunavut ranges from 150 to 400 passengers, Roseanne Terry, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s director of land and recycling, said at the Qikiqtani Inuit Association board meeting.”
The $25 per day fee would apply to all passengers flying Inuit cargo to Inuit Owned Lands – or IOL (Inuit Owned Lands).
“No matter how many people are on the cruise ship to get to Inuit communities on their own, they will be charged according to the number of people on the cruise ship,” Terry told the board.”
Terry said ships carrying Inuit passengers to the islands will have to submit to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association the number of Inuit passengers per month or before they start sailing.
“If the ship carried 350 people, we would charge $25 per day per person.”
“Any larger Inuit cargo ship would have to pay anywhere from $10,000 to $20,000 to land on Inuit owned land,” Terry said.”
“In communities where many cruise ships carry Inuit passengers during the summer months, like Pond Inlet, the hunters and trappers organization would receive anywhere from $50,000 to $70,000 in compensation, he added.”
The new fees will also support the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s online land use registry.
“Finally, tourism operators will be notified when they apply for new fees for access to Inuit owned land.”
Terry said the Qikiqtani Inuit Association set the fee based on what other organizations spend on tourism.
“For example, Parks Canada charges $25 per person to enter a national park.”
“Municipalities also charge passengers and cruise ship operators to travel to their communities, Terry said.”
“Cruise ships carrying Inuit passengers who are able to travel to their own communities are charged this fee unless Inuit directly enter our territory,” he said.”
“Joe Ataguttaaluk, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association secretary/treasurer, asked if it was possible that these payments would increase in the future.”
“Terry said there would be an opportunity for change, but it would require discussion and a decision by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association Board of Directors.”
“This is an exciting strategy.
“We are once again leading the way for Inuit to make a difference in their communities,” Akeeagok told the council.”
“The payments will take effect immediately, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association said.”
Baffinland’s huge rail cargo is causing concern in Pond Inlet
“Is Baffinland thinking about it when we don’t know if the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government will pre-approve the project?”
“The cargo ship Biglift Barents anchored in Primeau Heaven, Germany during the summer of last year.”
“In the quarry you can see two specially constructed units, 33 and 34 metres high, that Baffinland Iron Mines acquired from Thyssenkrupp and shipped to the Mary River mine this summer.”
Two smaller units are also being transported in the front yard.
“This will be used for the railway expansion, which has not yet been approved by the legislature.”
(Photo by Thyssenkrupp)
Community leaders in Pond Inlet are upset about a huge ship carrying railroad parts to Baffinland Iron Mines Corp.’s Mary River iron mine this summer.
“Concerned about this, Baffinland’s proposed rail expansion in Phase II of the plan, which has not yet been approved by authorities, Baffinland brought two huge 10-floor structural engineering units to Premiershaven, Germany, from the company’s port on Mary River in north Baffin this summer.”
“They also brought in two smaller houses that could be built and large pieces of rail that would be used in construction, such as railroad tracks and land turbines.”
“In Baffinland, in November 2018 they contacted the rights group and its partners in the Qikiqtani Inuit Association about bringing it in, through their public registries with the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board.”
But the people of Pond Inlet are finally realizing that.
When the ship Belvedere Brunts arrived at the Baffinland port of Mary River this past August, it was carrying structural materials that would be used for rail expansion.
When people in Pond Inlet saw a ship passing near their community for the first time, two more ships carrying railway parts arrived shortly thereafter and more ships are expected to arrive in the summer of 2020.
“We only found out about three or four weeks ago.
“We see cargo coming through the Pond Inlet area,” Joshua Arreak, executive director of the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Organization told Nunatsiaq News.”
“We wondered why and who they were and how they were doing it.
“We have not received any information from the Nunavut Impact Review Board, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or anyone else.”
“This is not something we were expecting at all,” Arreak said.”
“We haven’t been informed by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
I don’t know.
We have an Inuit organization problem.
“They don’t communicate with us,” she said.
The Nunavut Impact Review Board knew about the sealift this winter
“Neither Nunavut authorities nor any federal minister have approved Baffinland’s expansion plans, which would create a 110-kilometre railway from Mary River to Mary River, produce an additional 12 million tonnes a year, and transport up to 200 times a year’s worth of iron ore.”
This project cannot be formally approved by the federal government until a final public hearing that the NIRB has scheduled for Nov. 2 in Iqaluit and concludes on Nov. 8 and 9 in Pond Inlet.
“The NIRB, in a statement that did not seek comment from stakeholders, announced the resupply of the railway equipment in a letter sent to Baffinland this past July 25.”
“The NIRB advised the company that if Phase 2 is not approved, Baffinland would be responsible for shipping the materials, likely worth many millions of dollars, out of the mine.”
It also said its shipping would not affect the NIRB’s decision on the project.
“In an email dated October 17, the NIRB’s executive director, Ryan Barry, outlined the legal basis under which the NIRB can approve or disapprove shipping activities.”
“The NIRB was prepared to say that these activities would be included in the evaluation process and that all materials for construction would have to be transferred if the proposal was rejected after the board’s review,” Barry wrote.
This aerial photo of Belvedere Point. This summer the ship was carrying structural materials for the Mary River mosque that will be used for Baffinland’s rail expansion.
“One of the units, referred to as “the demolition unit,” is 33-metres high, 23.5 metres wide and weighs 1,470 tonnes.”
“Another area, referred to as “the Soyuz Centre,” is 34 metres high.”
“Each of these units, which are part of a prefabricated demolition and decontamination facility, are equivalent to a 10-floor building – perhaps even higher than those built in the eastern Arctic.”
But Baffinland has not been granted permission to use them.
“Quebecland will identify these assets only for Phase 2 – not use them” until Phase 2 proposal consideration is complete,” the company wrote in its July 19 report to the NIRB.”
Materials housed on Inuit own land
“In their joint submission to the authority, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association and Baffinland wrote that the assets will be housed on Inuit owned land, in accordance with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s commercial lease agreement with the company.”
“In the case of Arreak and others, an action like this makes it more likely that Baffinland has already been approved for the project.”
“The people of Pond Inlet are not happy.
Baffinland “is probably Baffinland’s idea when we don’t know whether the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government will pre-approve the project?
“I don’t know,” she said.”
“Dr. Frank Dexter, a technical advisor with the Municipality of Pond Inlet, was given permission by Pond Inlet’s mayor, Joshua Schak, to speak to Nunatsiaq News on behalf of the hamlet.”
“Quebecland has been working with a view to approving Phase 2,” Tester said in an email.”
“If the NIRB even had the authority to do that, the final implication would be to put pressure on the NIRB to step in as a supervisor and approve the proposal.”
“This is an issue,” Tester said on behalf of the hamlet.”
“Besides the circumstances, the hamlet feels that this should not have happened.”
“This has been done financially and on the assumption that Baffinland will be approved for Phase 2,” he wrote.
“Our primary concern is the wildlife, the marine mammals and their habitat.”
We would be the most affected community.
That’s our concern.
“The money is not going to bring the animals back,” Joshua Arreak said on behalf of the hunters and trappers organization, citing an issue that has been raised in Pond Inlet over the years regarding marine transportation in Baffinland’s plans.”
“And for non-governmental organizations like Oceans North, who have expressed interest in holding hearings on Baffinland’s expansion plans, they say they support “responsible development” at the Mary River mine.”
“But they also say Baffinland shipped too much by fax without considering the environmental impacts, and they object to Baffinland’s decision to ship large quantities of mercury from the Mary River mine south of Arctic Bay, which was allowed to happen in 2012.”
“It’s no coincidence that residents are not satisfied with the large volume of imported rail parts coming into the Mary River mine prior to legislative approval of this expansion,” said Chris Debicki, vice president of policy and regulatory affairs for Oceans North.
Pre-built equipment acquired from Thyssenkrupp
These materials shipped to the Mary River mine are part of an existing fleet of rail cars that Baffinland acquired from Thyssenkrupp Multinational Corp. in Germany.
“The two massive buildings, the first of which arrived, were designed in Primohaven, while the third structure, a railway loading dock, was designed in Stadien, Berlin, Thyssenkrupp said in a news release.”
“ Baffinland also brought in a shipping container, a crane for transport and multiple pieces of equipment to use for rail transportation.”
“Property details Baffinland submitted to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board included a railway dump and access road, as well as plastic bags and garbage cans.”
“Thyssenkrupp’s first shipment to Baffinland, a vessel called the BigLift Barentsz, weighed 5,500 tonnes of goods, and departed from Primohaven in early August.”
“Another two cargo ships delivered additional supplies this summer, and more are scheduled to arrive in the summer of 2020, Discovery said.”
“In a joint venture agreement with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Baffinland agreed to put an additional 18 million dollars into a compensation fund for the cleanup of the Mary River mine if the project stalled, the Water Board document said.”
Nunavut legislature names new acting Languages Commissioner
Colleen Arreak’s appointment will take effect on Oct. 21
“The Nunavut legislature appointed an interim Languages Commissioner, Colleen Arreak, after Helen Klanenberg resigned this past September from her office.”
Colleen Arreak of Iqaluit has been appointed as Nunavut’s interim Languages Commissioner.
“Simon Mikkungwak, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, has announced the appointment, which will take effect on Monday, October 21.”
Colleen Arreak of Iqaluit will serve as Nunavut’s acting Languages Commissioner.
(Photo courtesy of Colleen Arreak)
“Ms. Arreak’s work, which includes work for both the Office of the Languages Commissioner and the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, allows me to carry out these important roles,” Mikkungwak said in a release.”
“Under the Official Languages Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Languages Commissioner has the duty to protect the language rights of the Inuktitut, French and English languages.”
“The Languages Commissioner also plays a key role in evaluating and monitoring, advising and protecting language rights.”
“Under the Official Languages Act, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is appointed for a term of four years by the Commissioner of Nunavut after a decision of the Legislative Assembly.”
“The Management and Services Board of the Legislative Assembly may also make a decision on the appointment of an interim Languages Commissioner when the position is vacant and the board is not sitting, the announcement of the appointment of Arreak also said.”
“The former languages commissioner, Helen Klanenberg, resigned from office in September.”
“Eva Aariak, Colleen’s mother and Nunavut’s former premier, was the first Languages Commissioner of Nunavut before she was elected in 2008 as a Nunavut MLA.”
“Public submissions have been made to the Nunavut Languages Commissioner, MLAs said, and more information has been posted on this website.”
Montreal Women’s Centre announces plans for emergency night centre
Inuit women make up 15 per cent of attendees at the Women’s Centre
“Marina Pooler-Winton, the executive director of the Chez Doris, a women’s shelter, and Cathy Wong, a city councillor representing the Peter-Maggie community and a spokesperson for the Montreal city council, discussed plans for a 22-bed homeless shelter for homeless women in Montreal’s downtown on October 16 at a press conference on the women’s shelter.”
(Photo courtesy of the city of Montreal)
“Montreal’s downtown area allows Bill-Murray to begin an expansion project that began with the Women’s Centre, a day centre for homeless women, which was transformed into a landmark building that was acquired last year.”
“The landowner’s decision, announced on Wednesday, October 16, will allow the creation of a new facility not far from the centre, which will serve as an emergency night centre for women.”
“The Women’s Centre, a women’s day centre at 1430 Samiti Road in Montreal, is open every day of the week to women with special needs.”
Many of them are Inuit.
“The women’s centre is currently located on Samiti Road, not far from the intersection of Antwerp Road and Kapu Iceway, a gathering place for Inuit in Downtown.”
“The women’s centre is well known to many Inuit women, who make up 15 per cent of the centre’s population.”
“Scheduled to open in the winter of 2021, this facility’s emergency night centre was purchased with a donation of $1 million from Montreal businessman Andrew Harper through the Jewish Community Foundation of Montreal.”
“Thanks to our new facility, we will now be able to house 22 beds for homeless women,” Marina Pooler-Winton, the executive director of Siege Creek, said in a news release after the event at the women’s shelter.”
“Currently, women make up 25 per cent of the homeless population in Montreal, but the resources available to women are often inadequate.”
This project is a positive step.”
“This good news about the centre’s expansion came to light less than a week after the person staying at the centre, Clara Ukatuatsiak, originally from Nunatsiavut, died on October 11 at the hospital.”
Bowler-Winton told Nunatsiaq News that the shutdown after her daughter committed suicide while in prison caused her to suffer from chronic pain.
“The majority of drop-in clients are people who end up in cities because of housing shortages and legal problems, Bowler-Winton said.”
“Many of those who come to the women’s centre occasionally go to sleep during the day because there are six beds available, where they get a few hours of sleep and then spend the night outside.”
That will now change with the introduction of a new night sleep facility.
“Right now, the Women’s Centre, which serves approximately 100 women every day, provides services and programs to women whose needs include homelessness, food insecurity, mental illness and substance abuse.”
Bowler-Winton said the number of Inuit women entering the program has remained relatively unchanged since 2018.
“Nevertheless, we hear from women who need more help with their basic needs such as clothing and bathtubs,” she said.”
“As the only women’s day centre in Montreal, the St. Doris Women’s Centre is now open seven days a week from 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. during the day.”
“Because they were able to run their programs, the women’s centre stopped providing weekend services for six months in 2014 due to a lack of funding.”
“We’re hoping to get some financial support from Makivik, but we don’t know if we’re going to get it this time around,” said Bowler-Winton.
“The Women’s Centre also administers the Inuit Support Program – but the Women’s Centre raises funds to carry out this work, which accounts for about 70 per cent of its operating budget of $1.7 million a year.”
“Cathy Wong, a city councillor representing Peter-McGill’s community and a spokesperson for the Montreal City Council, said the announcement will create a new nightclub and provide more women with “the services offered by people who want them to feel safe and secure.”
Nunavut has no use for the Liberals
“In terms of serious questions, the Liberals offered very little”
Mamulaq Qaqqaq’s victory on October 21 demonstrates the unwillingness to accept Liberal Party policy for Nunavut and the North.
Do you remember the Liberal newspaper?
They put out press releases on a regular basis.
More than we can remember.
“That doesn’t matter, because the majority of Nunavut voters delivered something on October 21, they didn’t deliver anything.”
“Since 2012, Justin Trudeau and other Liberal governments in Nunavut have issued numerous press releases.”
At least some of that information prompted new discussions.
“But in the end, the people of Nunavut just said “I’m here.”
“In the end, it was the thinner side of politics that, since 1961, Canadians have turned to for change: the New Democracy Party.”
“The victory of the notorious Mamilak Mountain is a sign of dissatisfaction with Trudeau’s approach in the north and north of Canada, which includes disapproval of repeated references to Inuit-Crown relations.”
“Since 2015, Trudeau has worked with leading organizations like Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc., the Qikiqtani Inuit Association and others.”
But this week’s election reveals to Nunavummiut that the Inuit-Crown partnership is not worth it.
“That’s hardly surprising, because in the end the people of Nunavut couldn’t really answer the basic questions the Liberals asked.”
“It’s no secret to most people in Nunavut that the biggest concerns are economic and social issues: chronic housing shortages, food insecurity, the high cost of store-bought food and transportation, the prevalence of tuberculosis and suicide that occurs almost daily.”
“But during his last visit to Nunavut on October 8, Trudeau did not have much good news to share on these issues.”
He spoke in South Baffin about climate change and conservation.
“This is a national issue, but if I have an election this year, Nunavummiut want to hear their concerns about housing and the high cost of living.”
“What happened instead was that the Sylvia Grinnell River was the site of a photo op, not for Nunavut voters, but for southern Canadians.”
“In doing so, he failed to respond to the needs of Nunavummiut and the Nunavut Liberals’ candidate Megan Pizzo-Lyall, without even offering her the support she should have received from the president of the Liberals.”
“In terms of food prices and poor nutrition, the Liberals did something, setting higher subsidies for the Nutrition North Canada Program, and giving more money, $12.5 million a year to Indigenous hunters in Nunavut and other parts of the Northwest Territories.”
But hunting subsidies have to come in and nobody can tell you why that’s the case.
“Last August 1, Trudeau played a key role in Iqaluit and Arctic Bay, signing an agreement to create the Tallurutiup Imanga Marine Protected Area and promising to create a new protected area called Tuvaijuittuq.”
“That’s why he’s putting hundreds of thousands of dollars into communities in North Baffin, for small craft harbours and conservation jobs.”
He also spoke strongly about conservation issues such as reconnecting with Indigenous peoples.
“The inappropriate way to deal with this is this: by repeatedly coughing up tuberculosis in an overcrowded facility, this “connection” makes no sense.”
“With that in mind again, do you remember the Liberal government’s big announcement on tuberculosis?”
“This happened in early 2018, when Jane Philpott, then Canada’s health minister, announced that tuberculosis would be eliminated in Inuit Nunangat by 2030.”
But Mr. Philpott, the federal minister who promised to address this issue, no longer exists.
“Due to Trudeau’s conduct towards Judy Wilson Rebaud and his controversial handling of the SNC-Lavalin deal, Philpott resigned from the House.”
“Since then, the Liberals have not heard a word about eliminating tuberculosis.”
“Like the original Hunters and Trappers Assistance Program, it appears to be stuck in an Inuit-Crown relationship. It now appears that the much talked about ban on tuberculosis is in jeopardy.”
“And the public knows that tuberculosis is caused by poverty, malnutrition and inadequate housing.”
“But when it comes to housing, Trudeau delivered an already warm and repeated message this summer.”
“As well as the Government of Canada’s social housing program, “co-developed” by ITK, there have been no predictable results.”
We would also like to congratulate Mamilak Qaqqaq on his victory.
“To become one of the fourth-largest body of MLAs in Parliament, she will need all the support she can get to hear it.”
Let Nunavummiut just give it a chance and support it.
“Qaqqaq has won two prestigious awards, for Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Pizzo-Lyall.”
I hope that both of them can reflect on their defeats and continue to serve Nunavummiut and the North.
MLAs asked ministers about the $80 million expansion of the Weber Arctic road project
“Looking at my colleagues, we’re more than willing to consider an $80 million investment”
“Joelie Qauniq, the MLA for Amittuq, was one of a number of MLAs in the Nunavut legislature who questioned the government on the $80 million expansion of the Iqaluit-Nuuk corridor for the Weber Arctic project.”
Some Nunavut lawmakers are now asking for unspecified funding for the expansion of the Nuuk-Iqaluit Weber Arctic project.
“Last August, the federal government committed $151 million to the project, which will stretch 1,700 kilometres from Weber Arctic to Nuuk, Greenland, via Baffin Bay to Iqaluit.”
From there, it will be shipped to Kimmirut.
“The GN will develop the framework and start the project, which should be completed by 2023.”
“Last year, MLAs approved this project, which cost $126 million.”
“This year, we were informed that the project’s cost had risen in line with inflation and was now estimated at $209 million,” John Main, MLA for Arviat North – Whale Cove, said in a member’s statement on Wednesday, October 23.”
“There’s an $80 million difference, Main said.”
“Looking at my colleagues, we can definitely make a decision on spending $80 million,” Main said.”
Federal funding goes to the Rural and Northern Community Investment Canada Plan (Canada Funding Plan).
The project is now before the legislative assembly for its review of the budget for 2020/21.
“Later in the day during question period, Joelie Qauniq, the MLA for Amittuq asked Quassa Kusugak, the Minister of Community and Government Services, whether the $80 million increase in the government’s pre-planning budget was a business case.”
“This process, as defined in the GN’s capital planning contribution, “is aimed at ensuring that the project has a clear definition, and access to relevant information about its development, appropriate cost details and timeline, prior to commencing the capital planning process.”
“Is it a preplanning project, yes or no?”
Qauniq asked Kusugak.
“The planning process has been completed and cost estimates are still being assessed.
“When we were informed, we realized it was going to cost a lot more,” Kusugak said.”
“Maine, who sits beside Qauniq in the House of Commons, stands up to ask another question of Kusugak.”
“Can the minister indicate how this huge project has seen its cost increase over the course of the year?”
“Kusugak reiterates that after the budget request was approved last year, the department revisited the project and the cost increased as a result of that review.”
“Kusugak reiterated that, in May 2019, his department felt its funding request should increase to $201.6 million to “maximize federal funding available for the project if needed.”
“The next day, on October 24, Main rose again for question period to testify against Finance Minister George Hickes on the same issue.”
“Through the Financial Management Board, what steps were taken and what steps were taken to notify the department of the $80 million cost increase in this expenditure process?”
Main asked.
“Hickes said that due to increased federal funding for the project, and the addition of a highly beneficial marine research facility, the GN has also increased its contribution.”
“The Department of Community and Government Services referred it back to the Financial Management Board for this purpose when it became aware of the payment shortfall.”
“Hickes also said that about a quarter of the GN (25 per cent) contributes to the program, while the federal government contributes 75 per cent.”
“As a territorial government, we don’t have to pay the full $80 million, and we would have to pay 25 per cent of that.”
“What we’re going to try to do is find... in the next few years ... additional resources to complete this project,” he added.
“Nunavut needs its own federal regulator, says Makivik president”
Charlie Watt on the election of a federal government calling for change
“Charlie Watt, president of the Makivik Corp., issued a news release following the October 22 federal election, saying Nunavik needs its own federal regulator.”
By Elaine Ancer
“Makivik President Charlie Watt did not mince his words about Nunavik’s legal status in his congratulatory message to the new MLA, Shevi Parubimi.”
“We will look to the Electoral Boundaries Commission to clarify that, in other words, Nunavik should have its own bureaucracy that applies to our territory, which is preferable now given our self-determination program,” she said.
“We need this at the provincial level.”
“Appleby-James Bay-Nunavik-Eyo is the largest federal political precinct in Quebec, stretching from southern Nunavik to La Valley-De-Wa in the far north of the country, where four of the six 2019 federal candidates are residents, including Poppy for Black Quebecois.”
Nunavik leaders have sought self-government for their territory since 1972.
“In 2002, Kativik’s entire municipal government including Makivik went to the federal Electoral Boundaries Commission on this issue and appeared again in 2011.”
“Since then the split was expanded in 2013, adding two more locations in the south.”
“The districts were redrawn, at least by the commission, in an effort to balance the population.”
“Across Quebec, there are about 100,000 Inuit in the region, while Appleby-James-Nunavik-Eyo has less than 85,000 people.”
“Nunavut’s population is about 13,000, far below Nunavik’s, but its leaders respond to this by emphasizing Nunavik’s individuality.”
“The smallest federal jurisdiction is Labrador, with a population of about 26,000, while Newfoundland has a population of about 80,000.”
“Rubio won northern Quebec, picking up more than 11,000 votes, or 40 per cent, behind the Liberal and Conservative candidates.”
“Ford congratulated Green Party candidate Kara Capana-Whiteley, an Inuk from Kuujjjuaq, who came in fifth with more than 1,000 votes.”
“At the urging of Watt, he invited Ruby to visit Nunavik as soon as possible.”
“I look forward to coming together, and I appreciate his support for self-determination, as well as for issues such as the implementation of the United Nations Act on the rights of Indigenous peoples,” Watt said.
“It was a message to Black Quebecois President Eve-Francois Blanchard, whose divisive Party won 32 seats for Quebec.”
“We look forward to supporting us in the development of our business in Nunavik – through the regulatory and economic sectors – and through the legislative process in order to establish an appropriate partnership,” said Ford.
“However, in the spirit of Quebec independence, Inuit have long contributed to the unification of Canada.”
“Mr. Watt organized the election, which left the Liberals without a seat in the new government, as an opportunity for the different parties to come together and bring the country together.”
“Justin Trudeau has a strong government in which he does not hold a seat, and he can work with other parties (parliamentarians) – NTP, Black Caucus, Greens, Conservatives and independent candidates – to pass legislation and bring it to parliament, and in the process to hold it together,” she said.
“As for Nunavut’s elected NTP MLA, Mamilak Qaqqaq of Baker Lake, he offered some hopeful words.”
“I remember the NTI meeting in Baker Lake in 1871 with Tagak Curley,” Watt said.”
“Back then we were young people.
“They will do a great job, Mamulak, and I look forward to seeing you and working with you on issues like Inuit self-determination at the same time, for generations to come.”
“To reinforce the prevention of RSV in Nunavut, thousands say”
“In general, you save money by reducing the number of people with lung cancer”
This aircraft from Emergency Services Nunavut Lifeline stands at the Iqaluit airport this summer during an air show for passengers.
“In some years, when children suffer from chronic lung disease (RSV, respiratory syndrome virus), they have to be evacuated and this can cost airlines and hospitals huge sums of money.”
“Dr. Anna Banerjee and her fellow teachers at Toronto’s Université de Health Studies in 1989 first raised the issue through Change.org at the end of September, and attracted more than 1,000 signatures.”
“By the time this article was finally published, it had gathered 23,322 names – and now hopes to reach 25,000 signatures.”
The campaign says the GN will prevent many premature deaths and reduce the need for hospitalization for infants by implementing a preventative program called Palivizumab for all infants under 6 months of age.
“Palivizumab is an anti-vaccine, though not a vaccine, and is marketed under the brand name Synagis.”
“It has been proven that infants have a higher risk of lung disease starting with RSV, short for “respiratory syncytial virus,” which enters the lungs, and causes them to develop a devastating disease called bronchitis.”
“Nonetheless, Dr. Michael Patterson, the chief medical officer for Nunavut, told Nunatsiaq News in an interview that the GN provides Palivizumab to 11 percent to 12 percent of babies under the age of 2.”
“We use it more often for babies who are at high risk of developing RSV, and for those who support international donations of Palivizumab,” she said.
“Those include infants born alive, under 35 weeks of age of pregnancy, or babies with chronic lung disease or heart disease.”
“Banerjee, an associate professor of pediatrics at the Toronto Université of Medicine, has been writing scholarly articles for 15 years on the prevalence and cost of RSV in the Arctic.”
“According to the survey, she strongly criticizes the current Nunavut policy and says all Nunavut infants deserve this preventative measure.”
“Dr. Anna Banerjee, an associate professor of pediatrics at the Toronto Université of Medicine, said in a recent study that immunizing Inuit infants with a preventative vaccine called Palivizumab would benefit both socially and financially.”
Nunavut pricing system is worthwhile
He said in his analysis that the RSV disease is prevalent and widespread and has resulted in multiple airline schedules and hospital visits for the territory’s health care providers.
“Cancer prevention is very expensive: about $5,600 per treatment.”
“Although it costs that much, Bannerjee and many others believe it’s a drop in the bucket.”
“The reality in Nunavut is that the disease spreads quickly and medevacs are the most efficient, efficient way to respond.”
“We’ve done a lot of feasibility studies that have shown that if we give the North more of the Palivizumab, it’s going to save money,” he said in an interview.”
“A cost analysis, published in 2013, found a high rate of lung cancer in Kitikmeot infants: a rate of 389 out of every 1,000.”
“Our analysis, which was conducted from January 1, 2009 to June 30, 2010, found that the average cost of a hospital stay for this disease rose to $57,535.”
“In the Qikiqtani region, the incidence of lung cancer in infants was 2002 per 1,000 newborns and in the Kivalliq region, 230 per 1,000 newborns.”
That means the GN spent $5.9 million on critical care in the Qikiqtani region for infants and roughly $5.7 million in the Kivalliq region for pediatric patients that was the case during the study.
“However, the Kivalliq region had the highest number of lung cancer patients admitted to the hospital: $63,686.”
“To me, it saves a lot of money, because the incidence of lung cancer is high,” she said.”
Parent of Ontario nurse supports petition
“Inuit infants are ten times more likely to require hospital treatment for lung disease than “high-risk” infants and the disease is even more devastating.
“Despite the severity of this problem, Inuit infants in Nunavut do not receive any preventative care,” Gandhi wrote in the submission.”
“The same situation for professionals has been identified at the Northwestern School of Medicine, the Canadian Medical Association and the Canadian Medical Research Institute for Indigenous Peoples.”
But healthy infants in Nunavut at the end of childbirth do not receive this preventative care – even if they come from high-risk communities other than Iqaluit and often suffer from chronic lung disease.
Bannerjee says that’s what they’re doing wrong.
“I have worked very hard.
And I have shown my details to the public.
“Carolyn Bennett, Jane Webb, they have seen my article and they say it’s credible,” she said.”
Nunavik vaccinates all infants
“It also revealed that, unlike in Nunavut, health officials in Nunavik have prescribed Palivizumab to all infants over the last three years.”
“In the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on October 18, Health Minister George Hickes said in response to questions from Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu MLA Pat Angnakak, that the Government of Nunavut should take a close look at Nunavik’s practices.”
“We’re monitoring that program,” said Hickes.”
Angnakak said the RSV epidemic has a devastating impact on families.
“Quite recently, I know her baby had to be sent to an RSV clinic and it has a devastating effect on the family, especially when the child is so young.”
But Hickes defended the GN’s current system and said it’s not because the government saves Inuit money but because it provides it.
“This is not a legal or policy decision on cost.
“It’s consistent with the best practices in health care,” Hickes said.”
Patterson reiterates Nunavik’s success three years earlier in allowing abortions to begin in infants under 6 months of age.
“We’re still waiting for those numbers, and if we can find out the cost savings of using Palivizumab, then we’ll implement it as quickly as possible,” Patterson said.”
“But, in his view, there is still not enough evidence to justify enforcement in Nunavut.”
“There are two things that I don’t agree with in the plebiscite and the other thing is to show that it’s done, or that there’s a scientific basis for it.”
“A lot of people still have questions,” she said.”
The widespread use of palivizumab in Nunavut goes back centuries.
“In 2008, the Government of Nunavut refused to even participate in Bannerjee’s study of the RSV, even if officials from Greenland, Nunavik and the Northwest Territories wanted to participate.”
A small house arrives in Kuujjuaq
Nunavik builders ready to build small houses
“This small building, by Nunavik Construction, was shipped to Kuujjuaq by ship this past summer.”
(Photo courtesy of Nunavik Construction)
The first batch of small houses built in Nunavik arrived by ship in Kuujjuaq this summer.
“I wanted to show how good we were building in the north,” said Willie Godfrey, co-founder of Nunavik Construction, a residential design and construction firm with offices in Kuujjjuaq and Norfolk, Quebec.”
“Ten years before that, Godfrey, a Kuujjuaq plumber, stove repairman and construction worker was locked in a battle with housing expert Claude Yaniel.”
“That’s when we started talking about affordable housing in the North,” Godfrey said.”
“Housing in the North is too expensive.
That’s where it started.”
From this they have developed the design of a small building that takes into account Arctic weather patterns.
The houses have steel siding and roofs that can withstand strong winds and reduce length of use.
“There are built-in insulation for floors, ceilings and ceilings and three-way windows to keep the heat outside.”
“There are floor heaters, not wall-to-wall heating systems, to keep the temperature in line with the rest of the house.”
“I think that’s the only way to do it in the Arctic,” Godfrey said.”
“There are a lot of problems with boilers and the heating goes out of proportion.
People say their feet are freezing.
Their houses are well insulated but they walk in.”
A design by Nunavik Construction for a one-bedroom cabin.
(Photo courtesy of Nunavik Construction)
“Because he has built boilers and pipes throughout Nunavik, Godfrey is responsible for ensuring that houses are built in a structured way, that everything is properly designed and maintained.”
“Nunavut Construction has a variety of conditions with very small units, up to four bedrooms, and separate units that are easily connected to each other.”
“They can add an extra bedroom and expand it, for example, when their children are older.”
“The house on display in Kuujjuaq is a one-bedroom unit, ranging in size from five metres to one metre and 10 metres to one metre in diameter.”
There is an entrance at the end of the house to the kitchen and living area.
Just beyond the bedroom and beyond is the bathroom.
The plant is located in another building just over a mile away.
It took about two hours for the building to be finished and put in place and the electrical and plumbing fixed.
“This house can be bought for $228,000, for the garbage and everything inside, says Godfrey.”
“Nunavut’s average house costs between $500,000 and $600,000, he said.”
“We’re trying to build houses that are affordable to live in and have problems with water access,” said Godfrey.
“I’ve been a plumber, dentist for many years and a lot of the things that have been built have been fixed properly, there’s not enough plumbing, there’s not enough heating.”
I’ve been building these things for many years and now we have something that’s more suitable for the Arctic.”
“The houses are built in Superbrook, Quebec, and they’re built in a month, Godfrey said, and they’re delivered by truck and then they go by ship.”
“Once we receive the order and the booking is on schedule for sealift, the facility could be on site later in the summer.”
“In the future, if this goes well, we hope to build facilities in the North,” he said.”
“But that requires a lot of money.”
He added that the facilities across the Arctic would be suitable and they would be more than happy to receive orders from Nunavut or from Greenland.
“We’re open and waiting for payment requests and plans to build houses,” said Godfrey.
“We’re ready to help people who need housing.”
“In the Canadian Arctic, sea ice levels are at their lowest right now”
“We may be a month behind schedule this year”
“The freezing weather is very late this year,” said Gjoa Haven resident Willie Aglukkaq, who took this photo on Oct. 18.”
“It’s still possible to go boating out on the land, which is not the case in Gjoa Haven.”
I have never seen ice like this in my entire life.”
(Photo by Willie Aglukkaq)
By Dustin Patta
“Last October, when Judah Sarpinak of Igloolik started seal hunting he had to go by snowmobile.”
“When he tried to do the same thing a year later, he had to go by boat.”
“In Nunavut and the rest of the Arctic, it’s the same thing.”
“This freeze is the first time I’ve seen it in my entire life,” said Willie Aglukkaq, a resident of Gjoa Haven for nearly 40 years.”
That’s correct.
“As of October 15 the sea ice thickness stood at 5.118 million square kilometres, the lowest since record-keeping began in 1968.”
“Depending on where we are, we may be a month behind where we were a year ago,” said Josh Laggie, a broker with Geological Services Canada.”
But this is not the first year that the sea ice has been so low.
April also had the lowest sea ice on record.
That followed July’s record-breaking high.
“In August, the rate of ice loss slowed down.”
“We travelled to Nunavut with the lowest (sea ice) in 2007 and 2016, but higher in 2012,” says Walter Mayer, a senior researcher at the Canadian Roads and Southern Institute.”
“We’re still well below the 2012 lows that occurred because of the slow pace of freezing (2012 was a quick return to normal), but this winter there’s still plenty of ice.”
“As of October 15, sea ice coverage had fallen more than it did in 2012, when it was at its lowest point.”
(Image from NSIDC)
The sea ice cap depends on global temperatures.
“If there’s ice-free water and the temperature is colder than the ocean, then even when the temperature is outside it will get colder and the water will get colder or freeze up,” said Langie.”
“Nevertheless Arctic temperatures in October have been unusually cold, with above average temperatures over the past six months.”
“It was a hot summer,” said Mayer.”
“As of April, the monthly average was the third warmest in the Arctic – on record, while May and August were the highest.”
(Photo courtesy of UNEP)
This year’s event will feature a bigger theme.
“Through global warming from the increasing use of human-powered vehicles, we have seen a decrease in sea ice thickness since 1979,” said Pascal Patojie, director of GRID-Geneva, in a release issued by the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP).”
“Due to what is happening now this year in the Arctic, declining sea ice has contributed to Arctic warming over the last several decades.”
“According to this news release, “Temperatures rose by an average of 0.5 degrees Fahrenheit per decade between 1982 and 2017, largely due to the effects of the solar eclipse that began to break out in 1979.”
This is twice as fast as global consumption.”
This summer has been no exception.
“Although the year-to-year trend continues, sea ice is now receding.”
“The ice is just starting to freeze,” she said.
“Over the past 10 days, since October 20, sea ice has grown by an average of 1.5 million square kilometres, including the waters near Gjoa Haven.”
“If current freezing trends continue, 2019 is likely to be higher than 2012.”
Iqaluit welcomes new fire chief
“For me this is a joyous occasion”
Gord Howard took over as Iqaluit’s fire chief two weeks ago.
“She has been reading and doing a lot of research, but she says her new job is something she can do more of.”
(Photo courtesy of Dustin Patta)
“When Gordon Howard appeared before the city council on October 22 as the new chief fire officer, he did not expect to be questioned.”
“Do you support the Montreal Canadiens?”
Asked by Councillor Joanasie Akumalik.
“After a long silence, Howard replied, “No.”
They are here laughing hysterically.
“A week later, in an interview with Nunatsiaq News, Howard said, “That’s when I decided to make sure my supporters weren’t heard.”
“Harvard, who grew up in Hamilton, came to Iqaluit via Meyford, Ont., a community near Collingwood in Georgian Bay.”
“Although he lived here for the first time, he also lived in the Arctic.”
“In 10 years as an emergency medical technician with the Canadian Forces, the village of Arviat has been camped out in the dead of winter.”
“That’s my understanding of the snow, I understand the cold, but there are also things that have to be done.”
Here you feel like you’re in a different world and that’s why I came here.
“And the facility is very dynamic,” said Howard, referring to the Iqaluit fire department’s collection of firefighters – some of whom are professional firefighters and some of whom are volunteers.”
That’s the only reason Howard didn’t make it to Iqaluit.
In addition to their experience as firefighters and emergency responders – a rare occurrence in other jurisdictions – this was also due to the frequency of fires in Iqaluit.
“The history of this department is horrendous,” said Howard.”
“That’s where it takes a lot of work, and the resources are always in place.”
“Changes in the department’s performance on these issues, and now Howard’s, the new one here, range from water problems and a lack of support, to fires and the fire hall being too small.”
“We can’t change this overnight and there doesn’t seem to be much that we want to change overnight.
“If we keep moving forward and don’t look back, I’ll be happy,” said Howard.
“For me, it’s an exciting project.”
“It’s exciting, what we’re trying to do and what we know we can do better.”
“One of the first questions asked of the city’s newly appointed director of emergency management, “I’m a Toronto assistant,” said Howard with a smile.
“It’s good to see some people supporting the fire hall in Toronto.
“I brought a flag, so I hope we can show it in our vehicle if they win the Stanley Cup in the next 20-30 years.”
Bedbug sightings have become a concern for Nunavik patients travelling to Montreal
The hotel manager says they do inspections but never find anything.
This one just wants to eat something you wouldn’t want to see in your living room: a bedbug.
“In recent days, bedbugs have been seen at the Quavalliq Boarding Home where patients from Nunavik stay when they travel to the city.”
Sightings of bedbugs in Nunavik’s boarding homes during medical trips to Montreal are of particular concern to patients and their families.
This photo shows the bedbug that Cecilia Dutschka saw last month on the bed in her mother’s room at the Quilty Hotel in Kirt D. Lees Dorval.
(Photo courtesy of Cecilia Dutska)
“In mid-October, when Cecilia Koutska was visiting her mother at the Quilty Lodge in Cape Dorval, she was extremely nervous: she looked under a blanket and saw a bedbug, which she took a photo of.”
“Kazuka reported seeing the bedbug to a patient on Nunavik’s watch list at the Ulivik Boarding Home, where there are multiple rooms, 39 in total, on the first floor when it’s overflowing.”
Kudzaka called his mother and told her he would never be there again.
“The hotel’s president, Seth Abdel Nir, told Nunatsiaq News last week that he’s dealing with bedbug sightings.”
“In this case recently, when it was inspected, and it had an autopsy report, they couldn’t find anything.”
“One room inspection found there was bedbugs in there, but they’re not there anymore.”
Abdul Nunn also shared emails from survivors who witnessed bedbugs in their homes.
“Due to the seriousness of the Uluvik Boarding Home operation, Abdul Nung said all rooms were inspected this year and continued to be inspected and maintained as required.”
Nunatsiaq News has not been able to contact the Nunavik Community Health Board or the Module du Nord-québécois that deals with Nunavik health centres in Montreal about bedbugs and what they are doing about it.
The MNQ has sent its concerns in an email to Abdel Nuuk.
“This appears to be due to passengers seeing bedbugs and deciding not to stay at the hotel,” wrote George Delattula, president of Ublivik on October 16.”
“Please let me know what it is and how and when it will be fixed.
We need to keep patients informed about the treatment of bedbugs.”
Ublivik always takes care of patients’ dressing rooms/bags before they go in.
There are bedbugs in Montreal: a bedbug infestation forced the closure of government offices in Complexe Guy-Favreau last month.
“If there was an outbreak of bedbugs among patients in the Arctic, this would not be the first, as happened in 2010 in Winnipeg.”
“Igloolik bedbugs are extremely unpleasant: they are relatively small, but can cause severe diarrhea, vomiting and skin irritation after licking the skin.”
These bedbugs are injected with umbilical cord fluid into the bloodstream to reduce blood thickness and separation sensitivity.
“In another utilidor, the bedbug pumps blood, sometimes for as long as five minutes, then melts, explodes and appears to have burst into flames.”
“Bedbugs eat bedbugs every five to 10 days and can survive for up to a year, staying at the bottom of pots, pans and other surfaces that are hot, dark and show up when they want to eat.”
“The good news is that bedbugs do not live in cold climates, resulting in sleep deprivation and premature death.”
So you can kill your bags when they’re outside for more than two days if it’s not warm enough.
“To avoid bedbugs while out on the land, check the head of the house, look at the bottom and keep your bags out of the bed.”
“And when you get home, wash your clothes before entering your room and check your bags for bedbugs.”
“If you see a bedbug in a Montreal hotel, you can call 311 to tell the city about your problem.”
“Vancouver hearing cancelled, closer meeting in Pond Inlet cancelled”
“Inuit have to be involved in the process.
“It has an impact on all aspects of Inuit life,” said NTI president”
“Representatives from Igloolik and Pond Inlet are hearing from Aluki Kotierk, the president of Nunavut Tunngavik Inc., on a motion to cancel the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s final hearing on Baffinland’s proposed Phase 2 expansion on Wednesday, Nov. 6 in Iqaluit.”
(Photo by Emma Tander)
By Emma Tander and Elaine Ancer
“The NIRB meeting on Baffinland Iron Mines’ proposal to expand the Mary River mine has suddenly stopped, forcing a two-day meeting in Pond Inlet to be cancelled.”
“On Wednesday, Nov. 6, NTI President Aluki Kotierk passed a motion calling for the immediate cancellation of this latest public meeting and for the meeting to continue for eight months to a year.”
Loud voices echoed across the room as witnesses looked on, with members screaming for Baffinland to react to the situation.
“Brownland officials covered their faces, sometimes stroking their arms and staring straight into the desk when Kotierk made his motion.”
“We are concerned that this public hearing could be completed without the strategy being finalized.
People need to be heard and have a meaningful discussion.
“Anybody in this room wants to understand everything that’s being raised and how it affects NTI and the organization,” Kotierk said, adding that the room is full of people who want to talk about issues and people.”
“It has an impact on every aspect of Inuit life,” she said.”
“The motion was tabled on the fifth day of the public hearing in Iqaluit, approximately an hour after its conclusion.”
The Nunavut Impact Review Board’s first agenda was scheduled to continue hearings in Pond Inlet for community participation on Nov. 8 and 9.
“The NIRB accepted NTI’s resolution, cancelled the meeting and the Pond Inlet gathering has also been cancelled.”
“Throughout the week, Baffinland representatives repeatedly asked for input on plans to build a railway running north from Mary River to the Mary River port.”
“This railway and other parts of the port, should make it easier for the company to produce more than its current 6 million tonnes of iron ore a year production of up to 12 million tonnes.”
“Another highlight of the week is Baffinland’s proposal to amend its performance permit by removing its production cap and instead imposing a limited export ban, 20 times rail traffic and 176 shipments a year.”
“The motion to adjourn the meeting was supported by all those who wished to have their say, many of whom expressed concerns about the uncertainty surrounding the project.”
“P. J. Akeeagok, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association president, told Nunatsiaq News that he believes the NIRB process provides “an opportunity for Inuit to ask questions on these issues” and “an opportunity for residents to voice their concerns on an ongoing basis.”
“Akeagok also said the resolution was not expected, but it was in good shape on the last day of the session.”
Baffinland officials watch as Kotierk makes a motion to lift the ban.
“I think it’s because there are too many questions that haven’t been resolved yet.
“In my view, if you’re going to make a decision about your future, then you have to make an informed decision.”
There wasn’t enough here.”
Representatives from the North Baffin communities also unanimously approved the motion.
“There needs to be more information and research,” said Amanda Hanson Main, a researcher with the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Organization.”
He said the project “has potentially serious implications for our values and our humanity and our place in the world.”
“Some participants at the table said they were not satisfied with the Mary River project, and would like Baffinland to continue its work in Nunavut, but they had many questions and concerns about the proposed expansion.”
“We hear it’s too personal and inappropriate,” said Peter Ivalu, who represents the hamlet of Igloolik.”
“Every piece of information has to be translated.
Everything has to be transparent.”
“The Government of Nunavut also agreed with the resolution, stressing that there is a fundamental disagreement between those who wish to have their say and those who wish to have their say.”
“The federal government also supported the motion, but said it was up to the Nunavut Impact Review Board to decide how long the moratorium would last.”
“Through its legal team, Baffinland has expressed its dissatisfaction with the motion to suspend the ban for eight months and is disappointed that the motion has not been heard.”
“Those present at the briefing could have been held as early as November 2,” said Brad Armstrong, a lawyer for Baffinland.”
“Neither party has indicated any plans to start on that date.
There was no way that any of those comments would have deterred them from coming out.”
“Megan Lord-Howell, vice president of recycling for Baffinland, said the delay would have an impact on the “immediate problems” with the project.”
“But we will do whatever it takes to maintain and protect 3,000 Canadian jobs, 476 of which are Inuit.”
We have to know that Inuit will work with us.
“We need time to work out how much of a problem the project would be,” Lord-Howe said.”
“Although the Qikiqtani Inuit Association has said it is unable to support Phase 2, Akeeagok said it will continue to work on the Inuit communications project and the project’s economic potential will remain limited.”
“We’re not opposed to Mary River.
We are working with them.
We own the Inuit land where they work.
“We support Inuit employment,” she said.”
“We have spent a lot of money and effort to make this project commercially viable over a long period of time.
“With that in mind, there is a balance to be found.”
But there are none at this time.”
Akeeagok also said the community’s uncertainty about the railway’s impact on our caribou herd is important.
“As an Inuk, these issues have a profound impact on our cultural rights.”
“This was a clear signal to the elders here that they are not only thinking about themselves, this is also about the future.”
And that’s what I’m focused on.
“The decisions I make now are not just for the present, but for the next.”
Do I leave them with a better foundation than I did before?
“That’s really the basis of decision-making, no matter what your culture is,” she said.”
“By request, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has given all interested parties an opportunity to submit their comments in writing by Nov. 15.”
“From there, the Nunavut Impact Review Board will provide a written submission to the motion and a timeline.”
Nunavut MLAs approve amendments to income tax legislation
“Our government is making a concerted effort to recoup carbon expenditures and turn a profit”
“MLA Adam Maitstone questioned Finance Minister George Hickes on Bill 26, an Act to Amend the Income Tax Act, during a legislative session on Wednesday, Nov. 6.”
Nunavut MLAs have updated the Nunavut Income Tax Act to amend the Carbon Tax Rate Act.
“The changes, which received third reading on Wednesday, Nov. 6, included an increase in the mortgage interest rate from $13,325 to $16,000.”
“This means taxpayers will make nearly $3,000 a year before they have to pay Nunavut income tax.”
“The other change is to increase the cost of living tax credit from $1,200 to $1,500.”
“That means taxpayers who make more than $60,000 a year in their jobs will get an additional $300 in income tax.”
And the territorial corporate tax rate for small businesses is down from 4 per cent to 3 per cent.
“This government is working hard to make carbon reimbursement a profitable business”, said Finance Minister George Hickes.”
“The federal government’s fixed carbon tax came into effect in Nunavut on July 1, to make fuel prices more reasonable – it would have increased by 5 cents per litre – the GN introduced a carbon rebate program, which reduced the cost of fuel by half.”
“During discussions on income tax reform, Nunavut MLAs agreed that carbon tax revenues should be returned to Nunavummiut.”
But they couldn’t agree on the best way to do that.
“Adam Lightstone, the MLA for Iqaluit-Manirajak, expressed concern that, by reducing income tax payments, the government would have to rely on carbon tax revenues to fund government operations.”
“It is my understanding that we require significant federal investment and that our own revenues make up only 10 per cent to 15 per cent of our gross domestic product.
“We really have to use our own revenues to operate,” said Lightstone.
“Why is the government trying to use carbon tax revenues to subsidize government operations?”
“The carbon tax revenue that we’re generating is going to be a small portion of the GN’s revenue and Caribbean is trying to make it suitable for our own coffers,” replied Hickes, adding, “I don’t think we’re going to be satisfied if we just put the carbon revenue into other revenue streams and don’t give that money back to the payer.”
Lightstone also said that reforming the Income Tax Act would be the most efficient way to reimburse Nunavummiut.
“They also stressed that the carbon tax subsidy going to the Government of Nunavut is being used to its intended effect, reducing Nunavut’s carbon footprint.”
“Climate change is a big concern to me and it requires a lot of work now and into the future.
“Having said that, I have put forward some ideas to our government on how we can develop or do something to make Nunavut more energy efficient,” said Lightstone.
“Why haven’t these ideas been considered and proposed for the use of carbon tax revenues?”
Hickes responded by saying each department – responsible for specific projects – is listening.
“Some departments have been working with departments, including the Qulliq Energy Corp., which has the mandate to produce energy-efficient LED lights for all street lights in Nunavut and that was approved at the meeting shortly thereafter.”
“In 2019/20, the Government of Nunavut is projected to generate $12 million in carbon tax revenue.”
It would be broken down as follows:
• Two million dollars to the government for higher heating costs for public housing and government buildings such as schools and health centres.
• $3.6 million for the new Nunavut Carbon Revolution.
• 6.2 million dollars returned to Nunavummiut and Nunavut jobs this year through the creation of an amendment to the Income Tax Act.
But for Lightstone this is not a good mathematical mix.
“Based on a 50 per cent rebate from the gas station and another 50 per cent rebate from the carbon tax, why is there so little room for energy efficiency measures?”
“Hickes replied that the federal government’s standard carbon tax will increase every year for the next five years, and even if the 50 per cent deduction for fuel storage continues, a year of increased tax revenue would generate additional revenue for other projects.”
The bill passed its second reading on Nov. 6 and had its third reading the night before.
“Even now, Lightstone, yesterday’s newborn son told the legislature that he only slept for three hours and walked out.”
“In a recent email to Nunatsiaq News, Lightstone said he was not satisfied that he would have voted for the legislation.”
“I do not agree with the outcome of Bill 26, which I feel is a flawed fiscal policy,” wrote Lightstone, who was scheduled to make a statement to the legislature.”
“The purpose of the carbon tax is to reduce emissions of fossil fuels and carbon dioxide from industries and address climate change.
“If this legislation includes an energy-related tax credit for individuals and businesses who want to reduce their consumption, or if the Government of Nunavut had created a program to help people purchase and install energy-efficient appliances, I would have been more than happy to vote in favour of the legislation.”
Despite Mr. Lightstone’s objections, the bill was passed.
Hickes said he’s open to hearing ideas on how to use carbon tax revenues to reduce Nunavut’s carbon footprint.
“I strongly encourage anyone to write to their MLAs or government with ideas for action in this area.”
“Visits to Nunavut were more than 34,000 higher in 2018 than in 2015”
GN releases annual tourism report for 2018-19
Passengers on the Orne Ocean Expedition boat Judiak near Diggs Island, located on the western shore of Oval Island.
(Photo by Emma Toronto)
“From April to September, 2018, more than 51,000 people visited Nunavut from outside the territory.”
“This is stated in the Nunavut Annual Tourism Report for 2018-19 by the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which was tabled in Parliament earlier this month.”
“The same people who came here spent a total of $271,383,000 on participation and travel expenses.”
The report does not give an exact figure for expenditures other than travel.
“On a balanced basis, there were an average of 16,750 visitors from non-residents of Nunavut from May to October 2015, based on that year’s Nunavut Visitors Exit Survey.”
“The Baffin and the Kivalliq regions are the most visited regions from July to September, 2018.”
“Qikiqtaaluk was visited by 95,600, of which just over half (53.2 per cent) came to Iqaluit at a cost of $75.1 million.”
Pond Inlet and Pangnirtung are the second and third most visited communities in the Baffin region.
“In the Kivalliq region, Rankin Inlet received 33,600 visits and spent $68 million, followed by Baker Lake and Arviat.”
Cambridge Bay was the most visited region in the Kitikmeot.
Passengers on the Wan Ocean Expedition voyage from Judeak to Kimmirut in August 2019.
“And in 2018, 3,404 cruise ship passengers travelled to Nunavut over the course of two and a half months.”
“Cruise ship operators spent $388,351 on community service requests, the report also states.”
But weather and ice affected more than half of the ships that wanted to visit Nunavut.
“The agency received results from eight passenger coaches on 23 round-trip Nunavut stops from July to September, 2018.”
“This ship carried 3,404 passengers in total.”
“Less than half, or 59 per cent, of all cargo carried by Inuit to Pond Inlet landed in Nunavut.”
“Iqaluit was the second most visited cruise ship at 8.3 per cent, followed by Qikiqtarjuaq, which received 6.1 per cent of visits and Grise Fiord at 5.9 per cent.”
“Cruise ship visitors to Pond Inlet not only spent a total of $245,565, but these visitors spent the most per 100 hours of the 189.5 hours of cruise ship visits in Nunavut, according to the report.”
“Cambridge Bay, Gjoa Haven, Kimmirut and Kugluktuk did not receive any cruise ship visits in 2018.”
“According to reports, both Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven were expecting up to seven visits, but all were cancelled due to weather.”
“The report listed Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven as impacted by cancelled cruise ship visits with a combined loss of approximately $25,000.
“The feedback from the report comes from the Visitor Exit Survey 2018, which surveyed cruise ship operators and other visitors to Nunavut over the last year.”
“In 2018, the Government of Nunavut had to respond to community concerns from Pond Inlet and Clyde River about vessels passing through hunting areas.”
“In the report, the Government of Nunavut consulted with the Association of Arctic Research Vessel Operators and all passenger ship operators avoided the area.”
“He also said that while tourism is an independent industry, it requires government support for its development.”
“In Nunavut, that means training and employment for Nunavummiut in the tourism sector.”
“There is always a lack of committed and trained people in various sectors of the tourism industry.
“In the absence of trained professionals, tourism has not fully realized its potential.”
“Skills training has been known to play a key role in tourism in Nunavut,” the report said.”
“The firm, the Nunavut government’s Inuit Sealift Training Program, trains 12 people a year to work on Inuit cargo ships as part of its research program, the report said.”
“According to the report, all GN tourism inspectors are Inuit.”
“Historically, tourism data is rare, which creates uncertainty about the size of the economy and its ability to contribute to Nunavut’s economy,” the report said.”
“The department has contributed to 115 projects related to tourism in 2018, at a total cost of $1,272,822.”
These projects include:
“• Nunatta Sunakkutaangit Museum, Voices of Nunavut exhibition: $50,100”
“• Bay Glacier Visits: $48,383”
“• Municipality of Igloolik, to launch Igloolik art project: $81,785”
“Artcirq, Legends of Tabloids: $99,872”
“• Nunavut Development Corp. and Winnipeg Art Gallery for new store: $225,000 over three years”
“Mary River: If it’s a matter of economic viability, let it be a reality”
MLAs should demand Baffinland release its earnings
Participants sit in Iqaluit’s Cadet Hall on the fourth day of the NIRB’s public hearing on Baffinland’s iron ore mine railway expansion proposal in Mary River.
“Nunavut’s system for enforcing regulations on industrial development, stemming from the 1993 Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, has not worked except for a series of high-profile, contradictory environmental and socio-economic assessments of the Mary River iron mine over the past decade.”
“This was demonstrated in Iqaluit earlier this month, when the Nunavut Impact Review Board held its final public hearing on the $900 million railway expansion proposal from Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. in a sudden outburst of confusion and misunderstanding.”
The final two days of the seven-day meeting scheduled for Pond Inlet have been cancelled.
“At the same time, Baffinland’s multi-billion dollar, multinational iron ore mine is in a state of uncertainty.”
“At the time of writing, the NIRB had yet to make a decision on a resolution from NTI that would, if approved, delay the review by eight to 12 months.”
“And Baffinland’s landlord, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, said in the near future that it could not support or approve a railway expansion.”
“But the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s business department, the Qikiqtaaluk Corporation, says it fully supports it.”
They are also Arctic Co-operatives.
This is a very complex process.
“In the case of Baffinland, the vice-president of recycling, Megan Lord-Howell, stressed that the company remains concerned about the viability of the project, saying, “We will do whatever it takes to sustain and protect Canada’s 3,000 jobs, 476 of which are Inuit.”
“Last week, Baffinland told Nunatsiaq News that it has laid off 490 southern contractors and 96 contract Inuit workers.”
That brings us to one of the biggest unanswered questions about the project: Mary River’s financing.
“ Baffinland says the mine’s economic viability is uncertain unless regulators allow it to build a 110-kilometre railway to Mary River and boost its production to 12 million tonnes a year, which would allow it to travel 176 times through the sensitive Elipse Sound.”
“The problem is, they haven’t produced a public report to support that.”
“And at some point, most professionals stopped asking about it.”
“Last year, despite the lack of evidence, that did not stop stakeholders from believing what they were saying.”
“For example, in the summer and fall of 2018, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association sided with Baffinland, protecting them from the Nunavut Impact Review Board.”
“On August 31 of that year, the Nunavut Impact Review Board recommended that the federal government not approve an earlier and smaller yearly production target – from 4.2 million tonnes of iron ore to 6 million tonnes.”
“That’s when Baffinland and its partner, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, started working hard.”
“Over the past few weeks, correspondence has been sent to the chief decision maker on this issue, Dominic LeBlanc, the former federal northern affairs minister, asking for the council’s decision to be reversed..”
Why?
To the dollar.
“Inuit organizations expressed alarm about the viability of the Mary River mine, which will require substantial donations and contributions, worth more than $20 million under the new Inuit Impact and Benefit Agreement.”
Ottawa agreed.
“In light of QIA’s concerns about the financing viability of the mine, the federal government approved Baffinland’s proposal last year.”
“We are also concerned about the long-term viability of the Mary River mine and are aware of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s concerns that investment in the project would be subject to adverse proposals,” LeBlanc wrote in a September 30, 2018 letter signed by federal-Indigenous affairs minister Carolyn Bennett.
“Perhaps, the most important member of the public – the federal government – accepts that prosperity is a fundamental and fundamental right.”
And they did it even though there was no financial evidence to back it up.
This is a big problem.
“Perhaps if it’s true that the project is unprofitable, the legislator should be willing to look at what the owner says to be true.”
“In all aspects of the Mary River project, Baffinland’s staff – as required – must produce multiple contributions to address these environmental impact statements.”
“Regardless of the project’s financial achievements, the Nunavut Impact Review Board is unlikely to release any public certificates.”
“For example, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has recommended that a lengthy set of financial documents obtained by Oceans North is “not valid” and should not be published in the board’s public register.”
(The document is still on our website).
The Nunavut Impact Review Board recommended this option after releasing the document – and then withdrew it at Baffinland’s request.
“In this way, Baffinland was willing to submit, privately, shorter financial statements explaining why Mary River could generate more revenue through higher production.”
This desire to be independent may be a problem.
Even Baffinland has made amends for that.
“In response to this, the NIRB reached a different conclusion, which makes no sense.”
“If the federal government is going to invest in our economy, then the Formula Financing Board has to do the same.”
“Fortunately, the Nunavut Impact Review Board and other regulators should make another effort to obtain such evidence.”
They have to be ambitious.
“And also Baffinland’s landlord, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.”
“As well as preventing such issues from happening again, the federal government should amend the federal legislation governing the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s business practices, the Nunavut Planning Commission and the Project Assessment Act, to clarify how financial information should be handled in the future.”
“Although I wish I had the opportunity to speak, there are still many questions that remain unanswered about Baffinland’s latest expansion proposal, relating to the railway’s impact on caribou, the impact of ships on whales, the project’s lack of Inuit employment, and much more.”
“Many questions hang over the Arctic Bay-South rail port proposal, which Baffinland approved in 2013 for production capacity, and 18 million tonnes a year. It remains unclear why Baffinland was asked to build it in 2013 when it was allowed to produce 18 million tonnes a year.”
It remains unclear why Baffinland has not proceeded with that plan.
But the biggest question is how to make that program sustainable.
Child and family services increase in Nunavik
Sustainable economy quickly fulfills Quebec’s promise
Children and teachers during a visit to the Aqivik Early Childhood Centre in Hudson Bay in 2016.
“This year the Quebec government increased the allowance for family members in early childhood education, based on family income.”
“On Nov. 7, 2019 those subsidies were eliminated, with the childcare fee set at $8.25 a day.”
(Photo courtesy of nunavikchildcare.ca)
By Elaine Ancer
“The rebalancing of the economy in Quebec has led to more funding for family and child care services in Quebec, including Nunavik.”
“Quebec’s economy grew by an estimated 2.4 per cent in 2018-19, which is 0.6 per cent more than previously thought.”
“Subsequently, Quebec’s finance minister, Eric Jarrett, announced on Nov. 7 that the $857 million figure would be consistent with previous years’ projections.”
There are two major outcomes that have already been envisaged for the Child Care Benefit and the Child Benefit.
“The renewal of Quebec’s economy and economy has demonstrated Quebec’s success in this area,” Gerrard said in the release.”
“Economic growth in Quebec gives us the opportunity to reduce the deficit and meet government commitments.”
“With this subsidy, Quebec is eliminating the additional support for family childcare that was implemented by Philippe Couillard’s Liberal government in 2016.”
“Through this program, an additional allowance for childcare is added to a day’s income.”
That subsidy was increased to $15 a day for higher income earners.
“Families making less than $50,000 did not receive an increase in the subsidy.”
“The November 7 announcement will reinstate Quebec’s daycare fee of $8.25, eliminating the surcharge for all income earners.”
This new fee in Nunavik will be used through the Kativik All Communities Government Program in Nunavik for child welfare.
“According to a Quebec news release, the new fee will be for this fiscal year, and this newspaper’s Montreal Gazette reported that it will be effective Jan. 1, 2019.”
“As of last week, the head of childcare services at the Kativik Regional Government, Julie-Anne Peaty, has not been informed of how or when these payments will start in Nunavik.”
Premier Francois Legault’s government first pledged to slowly phase out the subsidy and abolish it by 2022.
A healthy economy and an emerging budget surplus of $4 billion for the 2019/20 fiscal year are helping to accelerate the process.
“As well as eliminating payments for child care, the Quebec government is moving forward with a child benefit increase that is scheduled to take effect in 2021.”
“Starting in January 2020, the Quebec government announced that families here will receive an increase in their child benefit of $779 a year.”
“This allowance is linked to income, ranging from a minimum of $1,000 in savings to a maximum of $2,515 a year.”
“This new regulation is about child equality, nothing less than allowing the Liberals to avoid paying more child benefit to the oldest child.”
“Today, we will complete the implementation of a series of measures for the benefit of Quebec residents,” Gerrard said.”
“We’re bringing money back to Quebec faster.”
Former Nunavut MLA Peter Kattuk dies following a long illness
“Peter was widely respected for his commitment to service and environmental contributions”
“Sanikiluaq’s statue has been erected in front of the Nunavut legislature since Wednesday, Nov. 20, the evening, in honour of former MLA and cabinet minister Peter Kattuk, who passed away that morning after a long illness.”
“The Sanikiluaq Community Centre was erected on Wednesday, November 20 in front of the Nunavut Court of Justice in Iqaluit, in memory of Peter Kattuk of Sanikiluaq, who died that morning after a long illness.”
“Kattuk, 69, a respected MLA, mayor and community leader from his home community, joined Nunavut in the early hours of February 15, 1999, when voters in Hudson Bay elected the first Nunavut legislature and the party held its first session on April 1 that same year.”
“Peter Kattuk (second from left) with former Nunavut Commissioner Peter Irniq on April 12, 2000, when Kattuk was sworn in as Nunavut’s first minister.”
“Earlier this assembly, Kattuk was appointed Culture, Language, Elders and Youth minister on April 12, 2000 to replace MLA Donald Havioyak, who stepped down from the role.”
“On December 17, 2001, Kattuk was relieved of his duties as Minister of Community and Government Services, which he held until 2004.”
“And in 2004, Sanikiluaq voters re-elected Kattuk to the Hudson Bay constituency, where he served as an MLA until 2008.”
“Peter represented Hudson Bay for eight years in two by-elections and I send my condolences to his family,” Nunavut Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a release.”
“Born on June 2, 1950, Kattuk spent many years in Sanikiluaq working on the environment, as mayor and community leader.”
“In the early 1990s, he was a member of the Sanikiluaq Impact Review Board, which collected community data on the impacts of huge hydroelectric hydroelectric projects built near Northern Quebec on the impact of sea ice and oceans on Sanikiluaq’s surrounding islands.”
That resulted in a report titled “Hudson Bay Voices: Cultural Knowledge of Inuit and Indians in the Hudson Bay Area.”
“As mayor of Sanikiluaq, Kattuk also spoke out against the now-disused Churchill hydroelectric power plant parking proposal.”
“Prior to that Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut-Hudson Bay Working Group, formerly known as the Nunavut Hudson Bay Regional Roundtable.”
“This group, formed by the Government of Nunavut, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. and the Municipality of Sanikiluaq, monitors developments in the Sanikiluaq area for the second hydroelectric power transmission proposal, which has been on hold since then, along the rivers Eastmain and Rupert Rivers.”
“And in 1996, Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Family Services Board, a body set up in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement.”
“Peter Kattuk speaks in the Nunavut legislature on February 19, 2008, at the end of his second term in the legislature of Hudson Bay.”
“Koonoo Tattuinee, the president of Arctic Co-operatives Limited, remembers Kattuk “doing a lot of things,” as he prepared the sea urchins for Sanikiluaq’s food supply.
“It was Paul Okalik, then the premier of Nunavut, who appointed Kattuk as minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth in April 2000, saying Kattuk had created Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit before it was widely known.”
“Peter was involved in the study of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit long before this was widely known,” Okalik said in a news release in April 2000.”
“Before he became a career minister in 2001, Kattuk had to deal with “horrible” laughter.”
That happened when NTCL shipped gasoline to Nunavut and caused damage to snowmobile engines in the Baffin and Kivalliq regions.
“During his tenure, Kattuk took a different tack: reacting to the Government of Nunavut’s decision not to use NTCL and reassigning the fuel distribution company to Woodward Partners Labrador.”
“He ran for re-election in October 2017, but came in third shortly after Allan Rumbolt.”
“Peter was widely respected for his commitment to career services and environmental initiatives,” Mikkungwak said in a statement.”
“Nunavut’s new MLA says he will apply for housing funding, implemented by UNDRIP (the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples)”
Sylvie Parubi hopes to visit in the new year and is looking for an Inuktitut interpreter
MLA Shelby Parubi won the Appleby-Jam Bay-Nunavik-Yaya by-election in October’s federal election.
(Photo courtesy of Shevie Parubi/Facebook)
The new MLA for Nunavik wants to hear directly from Inuit leaders to get to know their concerns.
MLA Shelby Parubi won the Sanikiluaq-Jam Bay-Nunavik-Yaya by-election in last fall’s federal election with 37.7 per cent of the vote.
“When Black Kopakoak MLAs spoke more French, he said he was looking for an Inuktitut interpreter to work with him.”
“I want to be very clear about the needs of Indigenous communities,” she said.”
“So far, Parubi said there are two major urgent needs in Nunavik that he knows about: health and housing.”
“Although health care is a provincial program, it’s subsidized by the federal government, says Parubi.”
“In order to expand its health care subsidy program, the federal government must consider how it allocates its funding.”
Parubi has been working in the health care field for more than 30 years.
“During the Black Quebecois campaign, the party said the province needs 10,000 housing units over the next 10 years.”
“As far as Brophy is concerned, he wants to design different types of houses.”
“If we want this new Liberal government to move forward, it’s up to us to find a solution,” Parubi said.”
“This new MLA is unlikely to be seen in Nunavik, but he looks forward to attending the next annual general meeting of Makivik, which will be held in March.”
“Following the election of Purpleie, Makivik President Charlie Watt issued a news release inviting Purpleie to visit Nunavik as soon as possible.”
“I look forward to meeting with him, and we welcome his support in our efforts to support entrepreneurship and in areas such as the implementation of the United Nations Empowerment for Indigenous Peoples,” Watt said.
Discussions with Inuit leaders would help in his work to support Makivik’s goal of entrepreneurship.
“Barbie fully supports Bill C-262, which would bring Canada into compliance with the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.”
“There are two different pieces of legislation proposed by his predecessor, NDP MLA Romeo Saganas.”
“Introduced in 2018, Bill C-262 was suspended by the Conservative Senate this spring but the Liberal government representative in the Senate, Senator Peter Hunter, said that if re-elected, the Liberal government would have to enact the legislation.”
“It’s important for me to continue working on Bill C-262 in line with the Constitution of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and the work of my predecessor Romeo Caganas,” Parubi said.
“I will continue to support this project and look forward to assisting Rome in future initiatives.
It is unacceptable that Canada does not achieve this goal by 2020.”
Trudeau government 2.0: Don’t expect too much.
“If you can be comfortable don’t expect too much”
“Jane Webb was then Indigenous services minister on March 23, 2018, along with Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami President Nathan Obed, when she announced that the federal government would phase out Inuit Nunangat by 2030.”
Less than a year later he resigned as a federal councillor.
Did you even notice during the federal election campaign that neither he nor any of the premiers talked much about Nunavut’s values and those of the rest of the Arctic?
That’s not surprising.
“Most important lawmakers seem to be concerned that the majority of Canadians, due to their southern roots, do not get enough votes to speak northern languages that the majority of Canadians have never heard of.”
“The Liberal government made this known, inadvertently dropping and leaving behind the release of a deadlocked northern and northern policy framework the day before the election campaign began.”
“During the election campaign, key Indigenous issues, many of which overlook northern issues, were not taken seriously.”
“Given the new decline of Justin Trudeau’s government, and the fact that councillors were sworn in to their roles last November 20, it seems likely that they will continue to do so reluctantly.”
Here is one possible explanation.
It deals with one of the most notable promises made to the North since the Toronto government became prime minister in 2015: eliminate at least 50 per cent (half) of tuberculosis cases in Inuit Nunangat by 2025 and eradicate it completely by 2030.
“This included an initial contribution of $27.5 million over five years, the use of which will be “developed” by the four members of ITK.”
“But the announcement seems to smell like a broken promise. Starting with that, it’s the former tuberculosis specialist for the federal government, Jane Webb, the former Indigenous services minister who made that promise.”
He resigned from Trudeau’s legal team last March 4 in protest at Trudeau’s poor performance under Jody Wilson-Roberts.
That happened less than four days before Trudeau was scheduled to travel to Iqaluit to apologize for Canada’s inappropriate treatment of Inuit who suffered from tuberculosis in the 1950s and 1960s.
“From then on, they remained silent on the Arctic tuberculosis issue.”
“Despite a lot of campaigning, it didn’t get much attention.”
“And so far, the fight against tuberculosis has stalled.”
“For example, in the Northwest Territories, where the incidence of tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016 was recorded at 248.5 per 100,000 people, health officials surveyed only one community.”
“This happened in Nan, in 2018, when there was an outbreak of tuberculosis and a 14-year-old boy died while a patient was in the hospital with Jane Johns.”
“In Nunavut, 313 people became ill with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, along with tuberculosis in Inuit Nunangat, 234 diagnoses per 100,000 people.”
“But there does not appear to have been a community-wide survey in Nunavik since 2018, when Philpott issued his news release.”
“It’s no wonder Nunavut’s most recent population survey was conducted after the outbreak of tuberculosis, when Stephen Harper and his Conservative Party were prime minister, long before Trudeau’s Liberals were elected.”
“In Nunavut, where there were approximately 670 people infected with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, it rose to 171.8 out of 100.000 and there has been a lot of work done in that area.”
(One area that has not been affected is the Inuvialuit region of the Northwest Territories.
“In the past, there were no cases of active tuberculosis reported between 2007 and 2016.”
Tuberculosis is a disease caused by a lack of resources.
That’s how it’s being reported now.
But it’s true.
“If people do not have adequate food and housing, tuberculosis can develop.”
“With that in mind, the crisis in Cape Dorset, in this case the 12-week tuberculosis surveillance program ended in May.”
In 2016 the unemployment rate was 27.3 per cent.
“In 2012-15 the median income of those over the age of 15 was just over $18,933.”
“Out of the 370 units, 120 units had to be completely rebuilt.”
“Throughout Canada’s overcrowding crisis, 140 units out of 370 units were classified as “not housing” by the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. regulations.”
That means there are not enough bedrooms per capita for each household.
There are also a small number of Canadian Inuit living in less than adequate housing.
“It is no coincidence that over the last 20 years (20), tuberculosis has been declared an emergency in Nunavut and other parts of the Arctic.”
And it is unlikely that tuberculosis can be eradicated in these communities unless drastic changes are made to increase the supply and quality of housing.
“But during the last election campaign, Trudeau’s MLAs made no offer for Inuit housing, only to renege on their 2016 and 2017 budget commitments.”
“In this case, they could not even be convicted of contravening their testimony, nor did they raise any concerns about their testimony.”
“This also demonstrates the scale of the national disease emergency, where the incidence of tuberculosis in Inuit Nunangat is 300 times higher than that of non-Indigenous Canadians born in Canada.”
“In Nunavut, it may be worse.”
Last year’s report found that one in 100 infants born in Nunavut may have this disease.
“Given the lack of urgent concerns about this disease, what concerns does the Trudeau Liberal government have about other issues such as mental health, community housing, education and more?”
“If you can be optimistic, don’t expect too much.”
“If you don’t, be prepared for bankruptcy.”
“Please note: the latest statistics on tuberculosis progress are from ITK’s “Inuit Tuberculosis Reduction Framework”, released in November 2018.”
The Cape Dorset data comes from Statistics Canada reports collected during the 2016 census.
The new year will see new policing and resources for Nunavik’s RCMP
RCMP officers and use of body cameras have been introduced
Kativik’s community-wide police force will launch new officers and surveillance cameras in early 2020.
(Photo courtesy of Elaine Ancer)
“After months of chronic staff shortages, the Kativik Regional Police Service can now see the commitment of additional officers,”
RCMP Chief Jean-Pierre LaRose gave the council an update at the Kativik Regional Government Meeting on Nov. 26 on the progress made so far.
This included the graduation of 10 new members of the Kativik all-community RCMP from the Ontario Police College in the same week.
The recruitment process also included an opportunity for former employees who have dropped out of the workforce to discuss their careers with Kativik.
“Due to poor recruitment, all Kativik communities have had RCMP officers from the Quebec Royal Canadian Mounted Police, from Special Du Québec, as substitutes.”
“In September, there were 20 Quebec RCMP officers in Nunavik.”
“Quebec’s police force has been declining slowly until the Kativik Regional Police Force is fully recruited, and LaRose said that by early 2020 Quebec may no longer use the RCMP.”
Cultural awareness training begins
The Inuit cultural awareness training program Kativik for all communities was launched on the RCMP’s website on Nov. 18.
“The workshop was organized by the Kativik Community RCMP and Laval University and includes information about Nunavik, Inuit, culture, and policing trends in Nunavik.”
“This is a three-hour training program and upon completion is monitored by early trainees, which is specified when applying for a job.”
“This training is intended to help Kativik’s all-community RCMP officers choose a culture that reflects their values,” LaRose said.”
“The second part of the training program is nine hours long and requires full RCMP training, says LaRose.”
That is expected to be completed by the start of the new fiscal year.
Surveillance cameras will be required for officers
Another addition that was received by the RCMP and applauded by members was the requirement for body cameras for RCMP officers on duty.
This is for surveillance purposes and they are using six cameras right now.
“This work was inspired by Nunavik’s desire for the Kativik Regional RCMP to be more transparent in their work,” Lawrence said.”
“Kativik’s community-wide police force is focused on reaching out to Inuit through their activities and creating a more harmonious society.”
Kuujjuaq Councillor Jobie Takiapik hoped the cameras would help people who have been in trouble with the RCMP.
“We hear from the RCMP about inappropriate behaviour and they don’t want to admit it.
“They are afraid of the police,” Takiapik said.”
“The body cameras are mandatory.”
“She goes on to say that if only one or two RCMP officers mistreat Inuit, that has a huge impact, and it’s causing a lot of concern across the RCMP.”
“It’s hoped that these cameras, which take pictures of what the police are doing, could be put into use as soon as possible.”
LaRose said those cameras will be in place in January.
He added that bad behaviour and inappropriate actions will not be tolerated by the RCMP.
“I just fired an RCMP officer last week for not complying with our mandate in Nunavik,” she said.”
“We don’t want to have too many RCMP officers in Nunavik.”
Nunavut sidelines talks on renewable energy in Arctic
“Representatives from Greenland, Canada and the United Kingdom share ideas and insights”
“Bruno Pereira, president of the Qulliq Energy Corp. presents at the Arctic Empowerment and Communities in Inuit conference in Iqaluit, Nov. 22, 2019.”
(Photo courtesy of the American Consul General)
Renewable energy experts from the Arctic gathered in Iqaluit on Nov. 21 and 22 to share ideas and insights from their work in the Arctic.
“Presenters from Nunavut, the Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, Greenland and the United States discussed the failures experienced by multinationals in their respective jurisdictions.”
“The conference, called Optimizing Operations, Integrating New Technologies and Engaging Stakeholders (Improving Operations, Incorporating New Resources and Engaging Stakeholders), was organized by U.S. officials in collaboration with the Government of Nunavut and the Qulliq Energy Corporation.”
“Bruno Pereira, president of the Qulliq Energy Corp., said the gathering was an opportunity to share experiences.”
“Throughout the process of adopting renewable energy in our communities, we’re very interested in finding out what others are doing, and finding out about their successes or failures,” Pereira said.
“Pereira also said that while it’s important to get representatives together to talk about reducing fossil fuel use, there’s a lot going on in Nunavut other than here in Alaska.”
“Some communities have access roads so there’s not a lot of Inuit living in Nunavut communities.
“But just like us, they face challenges, in terms of being able to fit in, being able to work in the community, so we can see similar challenges.”
“Chris Roos, executive director of the Institute for Renewable Energy in Alaska, said the Alaska Energy Subsidy Program has contributed to renewable energy development.”
“We have now been able to build 80 communities using renewable energy on top of fossil fuels using teas.
“That’s where we think we know how to make a difference,” Roos said.”
“This subsidy, which is designed to promote renewable economic development projects, also helps Alaskans enjoy lower energy costs.”
“Rose said that in southwestern Alaska, five communities are working together to install wind turbines and use them to generate electricity.”
“There is now an integrated knowledge base on how to operate and maintain wind farms and they can support each other in designing them,” Roos said.
“Alaska, like Nunavut, has high home energy bills.”
Roos said communities are using wind turbines not only for lighting but for heating as well.
“What they’ve done is put small furnaces in people’s houses that are covered in diamonds that look like carpet.
“When it’s more windy, they turn on the heat, and they have a small device that can detect the heat and alert the power company,” Roos said.
“Those are covered by a heat shield, which keeps it warm.”
“They can be shut off or burned in homes to a satisfactory standard, and if they get stuck they can use a different heating system.”
“However in Greenland, installing wind turbines has been difficult, according to News Corp.’s Eric Hagguest, technical advisor for recycling in Nuuk.”
“Cold temperatures and long darkness make it difficult for wind turbines built in the south to reach the north, says Hagguest.”
“Hagguest also said two wind machines were successfully installed in a different location in northern Greenland, but were unable to do so.”
“We can say that Greenland has been more selective in its ability to invest in its resources.
“Even two wind tunnels were installed at 200 different sites to be inspected and another at 150 sites to be inspected,” he said.”
“One of the windshields collapsed, while on the other, the fuel rod was too thick to withstand the cold and caused engine damage, Hagguest said.”
“During the 2019 federal election campaign, the three main political parties promised if elected that Nunavut would be phased out of fossil fuels by 2030.”
“Although it may take some time to develop recycling programs that work in the Arctic, Hagguest said eliminating fossil fuels is an urgent priority.”
“We have to do something to get away from fossil fuels, climate change, because there’s already something wrong with it.”
This is a legal issue because you need a fuel-efficient program but you don’t have the money.
“It’s a well-funded project, he said.”
Pereira said he found it reassuring to talk to Nunavut’s neighbours who live in the Arctic.
“I think it’s something that we should consider in other ways, like how to start working on recycling and implementing it.”
Some Inuit have used technology and experienced problems in the south that they were capable of but couldn’t in the north.
“If we were financially viable we would be able to track those deficiencies,” Pereira said.”
GN should involve Inuit in Education Act development: Nunavut Tunngavik Inc.
“This is an important policy change that will affect thousands of Inuit parents and Inuit babies in Nunavut”
“Aluki Kotierk, president of Nunavut Tunngavik Inc., speaks during the Standing Committee on Legislation hearing on Bill 25, an Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act.”
“By Aluki Kotierk President, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc.”
Subject: Minister Joanasie’s letter to Nunatsiaq News on Bill 25 consultation
“Mr. Joanasie wrote a letter published by Nunatsiaq News on Nov. 25, 2019 detailing discussions between the Department of Education and Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. on Bill 25, stressing that those discussions were conducted in good faith and offering NTI every opportunity to voice its concerns.”
The minister sees it as an opportunity to encourage NTI to participate in public hearings and NTI’s hearings as the GN looks to build on its previous work with NTI.
That’s not the case.
“Inuit have the right under Article 32 of the Nunavut Agreement to participate in the development of social and cultural policies, as well as the development of social and cultural programs and services, including governance.”
It’s a different principle.
Bill 25 calls for amendments to the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act to create a framework for the policy and administration of Inuit language instruction.
This is a fundamental policy change that will affect many Inuit families and Inuit children in Nunavut.
“In this case, Inuit have the right to participate in its development and development.”
NTI did not have a timeline for participating in the development of the policy proposals outlined in the proposed Bill 25.
“Not only does it violate the government’s obligations outlined in the Nunavut Agreement, its history shows that the partnership has reached its goal of passing legislation that better incorporates Inuit goals and objectives.”
“TI has been co-developing legislation with the Government of Nunavut, such as the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Official Languages Act and the Wildlife Act.”
“Knowing that it could work, NTI contacted the premier and the newly elected government to coordinate work and collaboration on Inuit priorities, including education, language and culture.”
“The Department of Education did not submit the proposed legislation to NTI until Aug. 31, 2018, at which point the department submitted a list of planned community consultations.”
NTI was given less than a week to study Bill 25 and plan and prepare for the Nunavut consultation tour.
That’s not a relationship.
“The department managed the consultation from a short-term perspective, and did not seek to resolve or accommodate the issues raised by Inuit, NTI and other organizations such as the DEA (DEA) and the Coalition of Nunavut District Education Authorities (CNDEA) were also present.”
“I urge the Minister of Education that in the Nunavut Agreement there are clear obligations to fulfill Article 32, and that the department must operate within reason, obligation and obligation and adopt the spirit of the Queen when it comes to partnership with Inuit.”
“TI believes the rewriting of the Education Act to ensure Inuit participation in the program requires a fundamental shift in departmental governance, as well as wide recognition of Inuit rights,” he wrote.
Aluki Kotierk
“President, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc.”
