5th Assembly
Official Report
Monday, March 19, 2018
Pages 603 - 684
Speaker: The Honourable Joe Enook, M.L.A. Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Hon. Joe Enook
Charlie Audlakiak
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Ministers' Statements 603
Members' Statements 606
Recognition of visitors in the gallery 614
Oral Questions 616
Tabling of Documents 638
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters 639
Report of the Committee of the Whole 681
Third Reading of Bills 682
Assent to Bills 683
Speaker's Statement 683
Orders of the Day 684
Monday, March 19, 2018 603
046 - 1 (5): Nunavut's 2018 Decentralization Award (Quassa) 603
047 - 1 (5): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing (Iqaqrialu) 4
048 - 1 (5): Red Seal Certification Program (Savikataaq) 4
049 - 1 (5): New Funding for Early Childhood Education Programs (Joanasie) 4
050 - 1 (5): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Anawak) 4
096 - 1 (5): Happy fifth Birthday to Grandson (Rumbolt) 4
097 - 1 (5): Kitkmeot Commitments (Qirngnuq) 4
098 - 1 (5): Wildlife Act (Irqittuq) 4
099 - 1 (5): Increase Programs in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 4
100 - 1 (5): Concerns with Larga Boarding Home (Irqittuq) 4
101 - 1 (5): Congratulations to Rosemary Ejangiaq (Netser) 4
102 - 1 (5): Bessie Mike Received under Canada 150 (Netser) 4
103 - 1 (5): Budget Address (Thompson) 4
104 - 1 (5): More Two Elders Travelling for Care (Arvaluk) 4
105 - 1 (5): Recognition of Hall Beach Igloolik volunteer Search Rescue Team (Irqittuq) 4
106 - 1 (5): Bathurst Inlet Athletes (Joanasie) 4
123 - 1 (5): Conflict of Interest Legislation (Hickes) 4
124 - 1 (5): Status of Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 4
125 - 1 (5): School Attendance Policy (Irqittuq) 4
126 - 1 (5): Status of Pangnirtung Old Health Centre (Netser) 4
127 - 1 (5): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Netser) 4
128 - 1 (5): Informing Anglican Church Office (Qirngnuq) 4
129 - 1 (5): Income Support Policies (Towtongie) 4
130 - 1 (5): Mining Training Program (Tootoo) 4
131 - 1 (5): Support for Hospital Staff (Thompson) 4
132 - 1 (5): Insurance Policy for Government Equipment (Hickes) 4
133 - 1 (5): Expansion of Curriculum in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 4
134 - 1 (5): Grants and Contributions (Brown) 4
135 - 1 (5): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 633
136 - 1 (5): Early Childhood Education and Early Childhood Education (Hickes) 4
137 - 1 (5): Inuit Employment Requirements in Government Contracts (Brown) 4
029 - 1 (5): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Report from the North West Company Re: Diamond Drilling Project (Picco) 4
030 - 1 (5): Letter from Repulse Bay Hamlet Re: Four-bay Garage (Netser) 4
031 - 1 (5): Letter from Repulse Bay Hamlet Re: A Runway Extension (Netser) 4
032 - 1 (5): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 4
033 - 1 (5): Options under Supplementary Retiring Allowances (Speaker) 4
34 - 1 (5): Speaker's List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker) 4
015 - 1 (5): Extension of Question Period (Thompson) 4
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Consideration in Committee 640
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee 644
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee 680
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Third Reading 682
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Third Reading 682
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Third Reading 682
Honourable David Akeeagok, Honourable Paul Quassa, Honourable Paul Okalik, Mr. Joe Enook, Mr. George Hickes, Honourable David Joanasie, Honourable David Joanasie, Mr. Joelie Kamingoak, Mr. Pauloosie Keyootak, Honourable Lorne Kusugak, Mr. Adam Lyall, Mr. James Arvaluk, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak, Mr. Patterk Netser, Mr. Emiliano Qirngnuq, Honourable Paul Quassa, Mr. Joe Savikataaq.
> > House commenced at 13: 33
Speaker (Hon. Joe Enook) (interpretation): Mr. Quassa, can you say the opening prayer, please.
Speaker (interpretation): Good afternoon, Premier, Members, Nunavummiut listening to the radio broadcast and watching the televised proceedings. Welcome to your committee.
We will proceed directly to the next department.
Premier of Nunavut, Mr. Quassa.
Minister's Statement 046 - 1 (5): Nunavut's 2018 Decentralization Award (Quassa)
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good day to my fellow residents of Igloolik, my colleagues, and all Nunavummiut.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Donna May-Kimmaliardjuk, who will be graduating in 2018 for youth activities in Winnipeg.
She will be recognized for her first time as a nurse.
Denise Kimmaliardjuk was born in Chesterfield Inlet and he is the first Inuk to have a power plant.
This year's fourth year students will be attending university in Ottawa.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was able to be in the community in 2014 and he is the only Canadian doctor in Canada.
In 2016 he became a member of the Aboriginal Affairs Council for AIDS.
When he was a member of the Inuit Health Committee, he promoted Inuit societal values.
Mr. Speaker, these awards represent the highest honour of aboriginal people.
This award celebrates the 25th anniversary of 2018 and celebrates 350 aboriginal, Inuit, and First Nations.
This award celebrates the cultural diversity of aboriginal people in Canada.
This year's award will be held on March 23 of this year in Winnipeg.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Kimmaliardjuk on his award.
He has worked very hard and he is very proud of his accomplishments.
I know that when I'm talking about this issue, I'm very proud of the people of Kugaaruk.
Minister of Justice, Mr. Okalik.
Minister's Statement 047 - 1 (5): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing (Iqaqrialu)
Hon. Jeannie Ell (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
These inmates are included in the Fur Pricing Program, the Fur Production and Design Program, the Fur Production and Design Program, and the Fur Pricing Program.
Rosemary Angootealuk is a well-respected and well-respected elder and sewing artist.
She just went down to Norway to teach sealskins.
She was a student of Nunavut Arctic College's Fur Production and Design Program. She initiated the Fur Production and Design Program with the Nunavut Literacy Council.
Rosemary's help with inmates "culturally appropriate physically appropriate Inuit language and traditional healing practices.
This sewing program will work closely with and support the development of a land-based camp that enables inmates to go out hunting and hunting.
The fur and fur program will be used for sewing programs.
The program provides programming to inmates in the community so that they can become more active when they reach the end of their sentence.
I recently visited the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility and I was very pleased to see the impact of cultural programs, especially the community elders.
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Minister's Statement 048 - 1 (5): Red Seal Certification Program (Savikataaq)
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, these are certified heavy equipment operators and heavy equipment operators.
In September of 2016 heavy equipment training was delivered to three communities in Nunavut.
Nunavut's on-the-job training and certification program provides Nunavummiut with certification.
In November of 2017 Nunavut received a red seal certificate for heavy equipment operators.
Mr. Speaker, as part of the Technical Professional Studies Program, this individual has passed his provincial-territorial certificate of knowledge and has demonstrated the potential to work anywhere in Canada.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that we have been able to showcase Nunavut's national recognition for the outstanding achievements of Nunavummiut.
Minister of Education, Mr. Joanasie.
Minister's Statement 049 - 1 (5): New Funding for Early Childhood Education Programs (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Good afternoon, my colleagues, people of Cape Dorset and Kimmirut.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce today that the Department of Education will be providing O M funding to eligible daycares.
Mr. Speaker, this increase is a result of the three-year plan that my staff has developed for early childhood and child care programs, which was signed in September 2017 with the federal government.
Mr. Speaker, this fiscal year, we will see qualified daycares receive an increase of $1,918.80, which will be the highest cost of $45,494.80 depending on the number of daycares and the location of these facilities.
If daycares don't increase their child care rates, they will not be eligible to receive similar funding in the next fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, this funding will not only assist daycare operations with operating expenses, but will also assist families without increased costs.
Mr. Speaker, we are proud to provide this funding to support daycares and families.
I also believe, and I'm sure that we also believe that this money will have a positive impact on the overall budget and the day-care expenses.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Shewchuk.
Minister's Statement 050 - 1 (5): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Anawak)
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Good day, Nunavummiut and my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, mining is the foundation for Nunavut's economy.
Mr. Speaker, my department is committed to supporting the mining industry so that Nunavummiut can benefit from these activities.
Mr. Speaker, the National Mining Symposium will be held in Iqaluit on April 9 to 12, 2018.
Mr. Speaker, this conference provides an excellent opportunity for Inuit to learn about the new territory's mineral exploration and mining sector, to ensure that our communities are fully involved in the exploration and mining industry in Nunavut.
We hope that this year's mining symposium will continue to be attended by more than 400 participants in Nunavut.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to welcoming mines, Inuit organizations, search and rescue organizations, communities, and other stakeholders to this important conference.
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members of the Legislative Assembly and the public to participate in this public forum on April 11.
It's not just an opportunity to get good quality products until it affects the search and rescue parties.
Members "Statements. Member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
Member's Statement 096 - 1 (5): Happy fifth Birthday to Grandson (Rumbolt)
Mr. Speaker, five years ago, the former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly stood up when I first got my grandson.
Happy birthday, Jayden.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member's Statement 097 - 1 (5): Kitkmeot youth Devolution (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I'm going to talk about youth and it's a very good idea and it's very good to have future plans for the future.
I rise today to share good news with my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to inform the House that a group of Inuit youth from the Kitikmeot will be meeting in Cambridge Bay next week to gain the skills needed for the 2018 Kitikmeot youth.
Mr. Speaker, this gathering allows the Kitikmeot youth to meet and discuss their priorities and concerns with the youth.
This includes:
Mental Health;
youth facilities;
Activities;
Inuit history;
The protection of the Inuit language and culture.
Mr. Speaker, the participants from Taloyoak are:
Judy Kashla;
David Tungilik;
Harry's daughter;
Lorraine Ollie; and
Crystal Mitchell.
The participants from Kugaaruk are:
Becky Maktar;
Lorraine Rose Aknavigak;
Christina Siusangnark;
Chantel Kanayuk Qirngnuq; and
Pauline Illungiayok.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in wishing them well in their deliberations.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lyall.
Member's Statement 098 - 1 (5): Wildlife Act (Irqittuq)
Mr. Akoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to raise concerns that have been brought to my attention by constituents regarding the illegal sale of tobacco.
I just recently received a letter stating, "My family of Iqaluit's local housing authority is in a multiplex year.
A couple of years ago when people smoke, we had to move out of the smoke, the smoke went to my house very strong. "
This document further indicates that, and I quote, "I am deeply concerned about the impact of tobacco on my children, my children, and others."
Mr. Speaker, as residents of Iqaluit and my family, we also have apartments.
Mr. Speaker, the effects of second-hand smoke have a negative impact on smoking.
It takes a long time for a non-smoker to smoke. When it's a very short illness, it's a disease that's known by the government.
As fathers and children, I don't want them to be affected by health problems, including tobacco, and tobacco.
As my colleague from Pangnirtung pointed out, he asked a question to the Minister of Health about whether there would be an impact on smoking.
In speaking with my constituents, they have similar concerns.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that we need to be flexible.
The federal government's proposed ban on smoking will be lifted within a few months.
I seek unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Lysy, please proceed.
Thank you, colleagues.
However, the government will have to develop a protocol in place to determine where to smoke in a community.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Rankin Inlet North also pointed out last week that the government's own analysis and results have indicated that there have been concerns with the growth and accessibility of units and duplexes.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that once this legislation is introduced in the House, it will need to clearly identify issues of concern and I look forward to the results of the consultations with my colleagues.
Before we proceed, Mr. Akoak is not here today due to illness.
Mr. Akoak, please proceed.
Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Member's Statement 099 - 1 (5): Increase Programs in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say "hello" to the people of Baker Lake and all Nunavummiut.
I rise today to encourage our government to increase training opportunities in Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, the community of Baker Lake is growing very rapidly and it will be important that this year's increased support for training and employment opportunities for residents of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Piqqusilirivvik operates programs in Baker Lake.
This can be expanded so that the public can have a better understanding of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, the idea of establishing a university in Nunavut has been raised, and Agnico-Eagle Mines has indicated that they are willing to support this type of initiative in order to proceed.
I think it would be best if it was put into a central location.
Mr. Speaker, one of my colleagues pointed out that it's very important that when something comes up, we take it very seriously.
However, it is important that we encourage and encourage any opportunities that arise in our appearances.
Mr. Speaker, this is the first time that we've started as Members of the Fourth Legislative Assembly, and I look forward to seeing myself as a step forward.
The expansion of programs in communities such as Baker Lake would be an excellent step forward.
Member for Kugluktuk, Mr. Taptuna.
Member's Statement 100 - 1 (5): Concerns with Larga Boarding Home
Mr. Kattuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good afternoon, colleagues, Kuglukturmiut, and Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage the government to better monitor the day-to-day operations of medical boarding homes.
Mr. Speaker, a number of my constituents have raised concerns with me on a number of occasions.
We've had food problems and we've had garbage thrown away.
Mr. Speaker, it is important that the government ensures that services that are paid to Nunavummiut are actually delivered.
I understand that the boarding homes require a lot of billets on a day-to-day basis but it's also very important that even though that's the case, they have to be comfortable and
Mr. Speaker, it is unclear whether boarding homes will be included in the review of medical travel clients.
I look forward to seeing the results of the review and the recommendations to improve services and the conditions of the boarding home.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Member's Statement 101 - 1 (5): Congratulations to Rosemary Ejangiaq (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
She is a young person who has completed her studies, but she has worked very hard and has been recognized for her efforts. She has been awarded the Hospice Elders Canada Scholarship.
Mr. Speaker, the Host Society of Canada's FANS program recognizes that grants and contributions made to high school students have been difficult for them to succeed.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ms. Ivalu for her dedication and commitment to continuing her education.
Our youth are facing many challenges and difficulties in completing their university.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on his achievements. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Member's Statement 102 - 1 (5): Paula Mike Awarded under Canada 150 (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you.
Good afternoon, my colleagues and my relatives in Pangnirtung.
I rise today to congratulate a constituent of mine from Pangnirtung, Dennis Patterson.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the 18-year volunteer search and rescue volunteers in Pangnirtung, Bessie Mike, who has been working for the search and rescue team for 18 years.
The last name on my list is the Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Sammurtok.
Member's Statement 103 - 1 (5): Budgetions
Mr. Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good day to the people watching the televised proceedings.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reflect on some of the observations and recommendations that I have seen on the government's financial management practices.
Mr. Speaker, we have learned a lot over the last couple of weeks.
Mr. Speaker, as the Chair of the Regular Members "Caucus of the Legislative Assembly, I would like to thank all of my colleagues for the opportunity to work together since the beginning of the new Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to say to the public that on Friday, the Legislative Assembly will no longer accept the government's own procurement practices.
Mr. Sammurtok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) My colleague from Iqaluit-Tasiluk made a very important motion on Friday and we will proceed with the next sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, we are a territory and this is not always working.
For example, as I indicated in my opening comments last week, when we were dealing with the college's capital estimates, the government listened to our concerns and made significant changes to the budget.
I look forward to seeing more of that in the coming weeks and years, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, over the last few weeks, members have been asking a lot of questions on a daily basis.
I think it's very obvious that we need to review the government expenditures.
It's not enough.
Mr. Speaker, I seek unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Moyo, please proceed.
Mr. Mrazek: Thank you.
Mr. Speaker, I'm talking about pilot projects.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that this information should be made available to the public in the Legislative Assembly so that we, as elected officials, can be fully informed of what decisions should be made, whether or not the budget should be increased, or not, or whether it should be taken out of the funds because we have limited resources.
Mr. Speaker, let me give you an example.
I think it's safe to say that we can agree that the government's administration of the government's Fuel Tax Rebate Program doesn't provide much support to hunters.
The Department of Environment administers the government's harvester support program, which requires careful scrutiny of programs and how to improve programs for harvesters to support the cost of fuel.
Mr. Speaker, I will also use an example of the government's grants and contributions programs.
As we all know, the government has spent a considerable amount of money in promoting economic development.
We know that there have been loans made to businesses.
We know who received the money.
We don't know what the money was used for.
We don't know how many people have been hired from Nunavut to fill those positions.
Mr. Speaker, as you know, it's going to take a long time, but I'll leave it at that.
In addition, I look forward to working with all Members of the Legislative Assembly to strengthen our budget and support our communities and constituents.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Member's Statement 104 - 1 (5): More Two Elders Travelling for Care (Towtongie)
Ms. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
From Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet, I rise today to pay tribute to our most respected elder, Annie Tatty, who is currently travelling to Ottawa on a scheduled flight.
Also, one of our oldest elders, Amarok, who I rise today in the House, was sent to Gjoa Haven because he doesn't have an elder in Rankin Inlet.
I would like to hear from Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet.
When I was elected in November, when I was elected, when I was looking at the capital estimates, I asked about the Public Health Strategy and where the plans are for the establishment of an elders facility in Rankin Inlet or in Nunavut.
I was told by the Minister of Health and Social Services that all of us as Members of the Legislative Assembly care for our elders.
At our meeting in Pond Inlet, this issue will be raised.
I am waiting.
A few days ago, I rose in the House when we were dealing with the capital estimates. I didn't see anything set aside for the elders facility.
I was told that I shouldn't be talking about it.
However, I was very grateful to our co-chair, Mr. Allan Rumbolt, for allowing me to continue with my statement.
I rise today as elected officials because I am not satisfied.
This is not acceptable.
As Members of the Legislative Assembly, we want to have a good government and we have told our elders to congratulate them, and to send them out of Nunavut.
Member for Amittuq, Mr. Tapardjuk.
Member's Statement 105 - 1 (5): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik volunteers and Search Rescue (Irqittuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to express my pride in my fellow residents.
The search and rescue teams work very hard to search for search and rescue.
They use their own transportation.
I rise today to congratulate individuals from my community of Hall Beach. They are (interpretation ends) chairperson Kyle Issigaitok (interpretation) and second place is George Inukshuk, who is the Director of the Martha Gibbons.
An elder, Abraham, is an elder.
I said that this is the first time that I have said that this person has been out on the land for quite some time.
Let's give more support to the young people because the elders say the truth.
We don't think it's going to be a future.
I'm here now, although I'm very disappointed, but if I listen to you again.
I hope that this won't happen again.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize the Igloolik Search and Rescue Society for meeting this week in Hall Beach.
With that being the case, Mr. Speaker, if you're going to be going out on the land and you're going to be using SPOT devices, please ask the elders if I'm going anywhere, so I'll try to catch up.
Those types of things.
The reason why I rise today is to state that the search and rescue society has one snowmobile and we have been lobbying the Department of Community and Government Services.
I urge the search and rescue organizations to provide more support.
That's it.
The last name on the list, Mr. Joanasie.
Member's Statement 106 - 1 (5): Bathurst Inlet Athletes (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that the Cape Dorset School will be hosted by Sam Pudlat School and anyone will be invited to attend a music festival or music festival.
I would like to take this opportunity to recognize the choir's fine songwriters, and I would also like to thank them for being able to go to Cape Dorset at the Canadian Museum of Nature and assisting the Hamlet of Cape Dorset.
There are none.
Member for Quttiktuq, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize four individuals.
First of all, I would like to recognize my wife, Caroline Akeeagok.
I would like to thank my sister-in-law.
Also, another long-time employee who has been here for a number of years, who has been here for a number of years, who has been here for a number of years. He has always been in our daughter's education. I am very proud of his accomplishments and we would like to welcome Jacqueline Natanine.
I would like to give a brief overview.
When I was a child, I was still a child...
... when I first caught my first seal in the lake.
I don't think there are too many lakes that were used for the first time, but we were on the island.
They were very helpful and I was my father.
I would like to thank them for coming.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Ms. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Although my mother is now a territorial park, I would like to recognize all of you.
Also, I used to be billeted in Igloolik and I would like to thank Teresa Otak for giving me a cup of tea and Lew Otak.
Thank you very much.
Welcome to the Gallery.
Member for Kugluktuk, Mr. Evyagotailak.
Mr. Kattuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naomi Kuluguqtuq and Carol Akeeagok, who are my relatives.
Naiomi from Grise Fiord, I don't have any relatives every day.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize and congratulate my husband, Andrew Nakashuk.
Please welcome him.
Mr. Nakashuk, welcome to our Assembly.
I have no more names on my list.
We will move on in our orders of the day.
Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
Question 123 - 1 (5): Conflict of Interest Legislation (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in wishing my constituents a very good week and a very happy two weeks of success in their training.
I would like to ask the minister if this is something that we as a government will be bringing forward.
Minister of Justice, Minister Okalik.
Hon. Jeannie Ell (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
To date, the Government of Nunavut doesn't have a policy on that.
Our department is aware of the companies that are operating in our communities such as health centres.
We are in the process of reviewing the policies to establish the Nunavut Business Credit Corporation.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As the minister is indicating, one of the last provinces and territories doesn't have a Western Canada Lottery Act. I think it's very important that businesses have the ability to be accountable for their services.
We have introduced legislation in all regions.
My next question is: when they're reviewing the policy, will they be introducing legislation in the House?
Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Monica Ell-Kanayuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Mr. Hickes, yes, we can work towards developing policies or regulations for private businesses.
Mr. Hickes.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
Mr. Speaker, I would just like to take this opportunity to say that the Department of Justice is responsible for monitoring the enforcement of the RCMP. Do the enforcement officials work closely with the Department of Community and Government Services to coordinate the contracting and procurement activities of the Government of Nunavut?
Hon. Monica Ell (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I don't have that information in front of me, but I can get back to the member.
Question 124 - 1 (5): Status of Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
One of the questions that I asked the minister last week concerning the clean-up of contaminated sites in Baker Lake.
In his response to me, the minister indicated that this "final report" was prepared and submitted to QEC.
Will the minister commit to providing a copy of this report to both the Hamlet Council of Baker Lake and as a Member of the Legislative Assembly?
Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation, Minister Picco.
Hon. Monica Ell (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Mikkungwak.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
One of the things that the minister stood up and said, "Can we work with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean up the pump house?" Mr. Speaker, I would be very pleased to hear that this is good news for the hamlet. If I go back to the community next week, I will encourage the hamlet staff to meet with the Qulliq Energy Corporation staff.
Mr. Speaker, I don't think it would be possible to have the Qulliq Energy Corporation's warehouse located in Baker Lake.
The minister indicated that the Qulliq Energy Corporation has already spent $1.68 million on the clean-up.
Can he clarify how much it would cost to clean up the remaining site?
Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Ell (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
One of the things that we're hoping to do is work with the Hamlet of Baker Lake on the cleanup of the contaminated site.
Mr. Mikkungwak.
As I indicated in my question last week, the federal government or the Government of Nunavut hasn't set the rate yet.
Mr. Speaker, I am in support of the Qulliq Energy Corporation's actions in this area.
Will the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation commit to working with the Minister of Justice to review and clarify legal options that may be open to this issue?
Hon. Monica Ell (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lyall.
Question 125 - 1 (5): School Attendance Policy (Irqittuq)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Public Service Act.
In recent years, the government's most recent annual report on the administration of the Public Service Act on the administration of the Public Service Act was tabled in the Legislative Assembly.
It is unfortunate that the 2016-17 annual report did not include this information.
Can the minister provide this information to the House?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The annual report that the member referred to seems like it's going to be tabled on an annual basis.
I will look into the member's request.
Mr. Mikkungwak.
I would just like to ask the minister if he could provide this House with information on how many employees accessed this program in 2016-17.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Speaker (interpretation): The question has been taken as notice.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Question 126 - 1 (5): Status of Pangnirtung Old Health Centre
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today are for the Minister of Community and Government Services.
I have asked the minister before about the old health centre in Pangnirtung.
The old health centre is no longer being used for a long time, but it has been closed.
My question is what kind of plans does the minister have for the old health centre?
Minister of Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank my colleague for that question.
With respect to the old buildings that are no longer owned by the government, whenever a building is no longer used by the department, they are asked if they would be used by other government departments.
The old health centre that was built in 1975 was built in Pangnirtung.
The Department of Health does not want to use it anymore.
We consulted with various government departments to see what they wanted.
According to the government's way of doing things, we're now starting to plan on whether the hamlet would like to take over the road.
If they don't want it, then they would be able to apply for it.
It's an ongoing process.
That is where we are at this point.
Mr. Netser.
If I understood the question correctly, the communities have been asked if they would like to be incarcerated.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We didn't hear any requests from the government.
At this time, we're in the planning stages to see if the hamlets would like to get that information.
That is where we are at this point.
Mr. Netser.
I thank the minister for his response.
I don't know whether they would be interested or not, but if they weren't successful, how do they go about getting government buildings that are no longer being used?
I thank the member for that question.
There are four main areas that we use.
For example, when the old Pangnirtung Health Centre was no longer requested by the Department of Health, we asked if there were any other government departments that wanted it.
It wasn't requested and then we'll go back to the hamlet to see if they're interested
That's what we use when we go through these processes.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Question 127 - 1 (5): Social Services Client Travel Policy
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Netser.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Today I would like to make a statement and I would like to say "good afternoon" to everyone since I have been here many times and I didn't have an opportunity to say "good afternoon" to them.
We will be going home shortly.
Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that Nunavut's most vulnerable individuals have to travel south for medical treatment when they are very far away from their families.
I agree with you.
The department's Client Travel Policy was tabled in the Legislative Assembly on June 31, 2013 and came into force on March 31, 2018.
I was led to understand that the previous Minister of Family Services committed to making changes to the Child and Family Services Act.
Can the minister indicate if there have been any changes to the Social Assistance Policy since 2013 and, if so, has there been any changes made since March 31 of this year?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I can't speak for the fact that I can't speak for the first time as a minister, but I can say that this policy will be in place until March 2018, before the new policy is changed.
I haven't heard anything from the social workers to change the policy.
If there's a need to change it, then we can look at changing it.
If there is a need to change it seems to be useful for the clients and the government we can look into it.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Minister.
The Department of Family Services "Client Travel Policy states that elders who are placed in foster care can be visited on an annual basis.
Can the minister indicate if this policy has been amended to allow for two visits per year?
Two airlines can travel together or one trip twice.
Just to be clear, two returns to one, two return tickets per year for one foster home.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Will the minister commit to considering making changes to the family travel program for elders who are in foster care?
I can't commit to that at this time until we review the policy.
I'm sure that there's going to be a review done on the medical travel for the Department of Family Services.
We will have to work with the Department of Health to make sure that the policies are being followed, but I can't commit to that at this time because the Client Travel Policy is going to be expiring soon.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Question 128 - 1 (5): Contacting the Anglican Church Office (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Mr. Speaker, from time to time, my constituents travel to my constituency office to seek assistance for medical travel.
As the minister is very much aware, he recently released a phone number earlier this week stating that Nunavut residents can contact the Patient Relations Office if they have any concerns.
Mr. Speaker, the language and where you live, it creates barriers.
Can the minister tell us what steps are being taken to ensure that the patient relations office is kept informed?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
Hon. Pat Angnakak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand your concern.
I don't have that information in front of me.
Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, the Information and Privacy Commissioner has raised a number of concerns with respect to privacy issues.
The patient relations office has a form that outlines complaints or concerns.
However, if you don't have fax machines, they can't send them out on their own. They don't always have computers and they can't take pictures that are going to be sent to the website.
Can the minister clearly explain why the Patient Relations Office is not allowed to send patients out?
An Hon. Member: Good question.
Ms. Angnakak.
A very good question.
I think it's because of the growing number of fax machines that are out there moving forward as a government, we're seeing more and more usage of computers than in the paper.
In reading the substantiation sheets, the government's website indicates that "www.gov.nu.ca has a health centre in every community."
If you're going to be sending out application forms, you can send them out. We also have government liaison officers in every community.
In most of our communities, they can be faxed to our headquarters office.
If the patient relations office didn't have a fax machine, I can look into it.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Question 129 - 1 (5): Income Support Policies
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Mr. Speaker, the questions that were asked by the Member for Kugluktuk regarding income support.
The minister indicated that income support clients would be signed off on a program that is part of the program selection process.
Can the minister clearly describe how the government's efforts to select a successful candidate without a mandate?
Minister of Family Services, Mr. Savikataaq.
I would think that if they don't have a job, then they can get a job.
If it's appropriate, then they can go to another department.
Mr. Towtongie.
The Income Support Policy is a Government of Nunavut policy.
If it was a piece of legislation we would not be able to change it as members.
I see that when a young person doesn't have a job and they're afraid to sign a job and they don't have a job, they're doing it on a monthly basis, they're doing that, and then they're trying to make sure that they're doing the right thing.
Can the minister clearly describe what kinds of Nunavut-wide policies are in place for outpost camps?
It is just a model for Nunavut that is not geared towards the north.
The policy is for all of Nunavut.
That's for all of Nunavut.
The Income Support Program was reviewed.
At this time, there are still funds available for income support and the child benefits that are taken out of the territory.
The contract was signed and I will be looking into it further.
If they don't have a job, then they won't be able to get a job. However, we have to look at how we can make improvements.
Question 130 - 1 (5): Mining Training Program
Mr. Arreak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to direct my question to the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I strongly believe that when the mining companies are trying to develop and create jobs, they are responsible for the environment.
My questions today will focus on the issue of job training.
The current 2017-18 budget for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation includes a $200,000 Nunavut Mine Training Fund.
Can the minister indicate what projects her department has spent this funding on during the current 2017-18 fiscal year?
Mr. Speaker, I hope that makes sense.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank the member for his question.
In regard to mining training, although not all of them have been reported… .
The department continues to work with the Department of Family Services, Nunavut Arctic College, Government of Canada, minerals industry, and Inuit organizations on a number of programs designed to prepare Nunavummiut for all opportunities in the mineral resource industries. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Kaernerk.
Mr. Kaernerk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for her response.
Can the minister indicate if her department will be requesting an increase or decrease in this budget for the upcoming 2018-19 fiscal year?
Minister Sheutiapik.
I cannot respond to that question at this time, but perhaps I can get back to the member’s question for the $200,000 as to how the funding was utilized.
For the Kitikmeot Corporation drillers’ assistant training, $61,000 was used; for the Qikiqtani Inuit Association for financial literacy, $60,000; as well as for the Hamlet of Arviat for the work readiness program and class 3 airbrakes for $78,000. Thank you.
I also thank the minister for elaborating on my question.
Earlier in our sitting, I tabled a copy of my recent letter to the president of North Arrow Minerals concerning the Mel Diamond Project in North Baffin.
They will be drilling near Hall Beach this spring.
Further, with regard to the information I tabled about the proposed work to be undertaken near our community, I wonder if the minister can indicate how her department is working with not only North Arrow Minerals but all mining companies to identify job training opportunities for Inuit near my home community or for Inuit in Quttiktuq.
I believe these opportunities can provide beneficial employment for people due to this reasoning and to add further to this, Hall Beach is a smaller community and the project won’t be buying supplies from the community. However, some people have been hired to work on these projects, for which I thank them.
As you stated earlier, you will be working to support mining companies.
What I am trying to ask about is if these types of activities funded through the allocations the minister mentioned.
To use this example, the Mary River project is in the Baffin region, Kivalliq has gold mines opening, and in the Kitikmeot, I think the future mine is also for gold.
Will all of the projects have adjacent training courses?
To use myself as an example, as I am an Inuk and if I wanted to training to get a more senior position, then what kind of training could be provided so that I could succeed? What type of assistance can the Department of Economic Development offer for prospective workers?
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank you for your good questions. Economic Development is not alone in this.
It’s interdepartmental through education, mining training, and trades. I think it’s also important to acknowledge that mines are at different times and we look at all those as a department. There’s active and advanced development under construction.
You take all those into consideration while working with the different departments. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Oral Questions.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 131 – 5(1): Support for Health Centre Staff (Main)
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to ask questions to the Minister of Health.
Let me start by providing some background to my question, as this question applies to numerous communities and not just to my particular community.
I believe it applies everywhere in Nunavut as it pops up in various communities and it relates to our nursing staff as well as other workers in our local health centres.
We are all aware that frontline health professionals are often tasked with heavy workloads. This chronically heavy workload results from having too many duties, or to say it in English, a full workload. When workloads are too heavy, one nurse sometimes has to undertake these responsibilities, with part of the reason being lack of nursing staff.
When nurses are subject to extra work due to the lack of staff, it can lead to staff burnout, as a lack of replacement nurses results in more work for the remaining nurses who must still complete their tasks.
It seems quite obvious that staff shortages leads to some nurses being overworked.
It would appear to be quite evident in this case, and hopefully I am being understandable as I am speaking my dialect and I hope my colleagues comprehend my concerns here.
Perhaps I will reiterate it in English. Mr. Speaker, it appears that there is an increasingly cyclical pattern with staff shortages contributing to an ever-increasing workload and burnout, and so on.
My first question for the minister is: can the minister tell this House what steps her department has taken to provide additional support and resources, particularly to the health centre staff in communities which suffer from chronic workloads and burnout?
Minister of Health, Minister Angnakak.
I thank the member for that really important question.
I think the issue of staffing regarding health centres and nursing is a very important one. It’s something that we have always been working very hard as a department to ensure that we can have enough staff at all health centres as much as possible.
That doesn’t always happen.
I am aware of circumstances where yes, nurses feel very tired and very burnt out.
The department does what it can when we come across such situations.
We just had that situation in one of the communities and the department then sent additional nurses where we could.
You’ve got to look at where can be spare a nurse or two and then once that is determined, they try to send that nurse to that community where maybe the workload is more than usual.
It can be any kind of circumstances going on. Maybe somebody has gone on leave, and then the community perhaps came down with a lot of cases of flu or something, those kinds of impacts. What we try to do is we look at where else can we send some nurses from one area to another.
We’re always trying to recruit nurses. We want to make sure that we keep the numbers up, that we have enough nurses to deliver the health care service in Nunavut.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for her response.
I think we share this concern. In reviewing the department’s most recent staffing statistics, I’ll use the communities I represent as example. It is clear that vacancy rates remain unacceptably high in some health centres.
According to the latest statistics, Whale Cove has a 70 percent vacancy rate; Arviat, 44 percent vacancy rate.
I understand that this is a challenging issue and that it’s very complicated.
I would like to ask the minister if the minister could describe some of the challenges her department faces in providing additional and adequate staff in these communities which face consistently heavy workloads.
Minister Angnakak.
Our problem is once the 30 months is done, we can’t keep our nurses. They leave. They’ve had the experience and maybe the novelty has worn off, but it’s very stressful being a nurse in the community.
You have to look at everything when somebody comes into a community and what kind of support they have. This is something the department has been working very hard in trying to address.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I thank the minister for her response.
I’ll try to rephrase it. Mr. Speaker, we know that there are issues in some of these communities where there are chronically heavy workloads and chronically short-staffed crews of health care professionals.
I would like to understand specifically what is being done to address the issue in those communities specifically. What is being done?
What is being considered in terms of making sure that our nurses and other health care staff are getting the support they need from the department?
Hon. Pat Angnakak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I know you want the specifics, but I perhaps don’t have an exhaustive list of what’s being done because that’s operational.
We’re on, let’s say, an emergency basis only where people can’t make regular appointments” because maybe the workload is too much or too many nurses have gone away.
The department, like I said before, is trying to fill all the positions that we can. It’s difficult to do that because we’re in competition with the rest of Canada.
That’s one thing that they’re trying to do. I know that they work with an agency as well to try to hire northern nurses, people who have had experience working in the north, not so much always the Arctic but let’s say northern Manitoba.
There are different areas that we’re trying to address this. I know that the Department of Health is very conscious of what a lot of our nurses go through and are trying to help in whatever way they can.
That is not an easy thing. It’s not something we can solve overnight. It’s something we all have to keep working on and if you have any ideas, let me know.
Question 132 – 5(1): Insurance Policy on Government Assets (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My next set of questions is directed at the Minister of Finance.
As we’re all aware, in all the communities across the territory, the government owns a number of different pieces of infrastructure. There are airport terminals, health centres, schools, office buildings, and etcetera.
My question to the minister is: for insurance purposes, are all those pieces of infrastructure lumped together in one policy or are they separated by need?
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Our insurance is broken into different stages and it all depends on exactly which property it is.
Each of our property has slightly different policies, and some don’t even have policies. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As I noticed recently in the news, there was an attempt by somebody in one of our communities to start a fire again at one of our community’s schools.
I know the Department of Finance has taken measures to make sure that our infrastructure is insured for the appropriate amount. We also learned that our deductible on schools, as an example, is $10 million.
What are the implications with our insurance provider if another school goes up in flames, Mr. Speaker?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Our current insurance premium has jumped from $10 million to $20 million for our schools in result of the fires that have taken place.
We continue to advocate that through our Department of Education and through all of us to try to encourage people to prevent that. Those are very valuable properties that sadly there have been attempts of them being burned down.
We need to try to communicate and ensure that we show that we are doing our diligence through our security systems and through various… . We need to prove that we are doing better and we are trying to do better because the insurance deductible is rising and rising to a point where we have to insure it ourselves. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I appreciate that information and it scares me when we talk about having insurance premiums of half or more of the value of a building.
I did ask what would happen if another school went up.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I hope that we will continue to be insurable.
This recent one of $20 million is a result of schools being burnt down.
For the rest of our other buildings, the deductible is at $1 million.
There are different varieties of this.
I can’t say before how many schools are burnt that we will be uninsurable.
I hope that under our watch that we don’t see another school being burnt. I applaud the questions and applaud our efforts to try to do this. Together, as all members, we need to continue to advocate that these are to educate our children and educate the public.
I think, not only for schools but even for health centres, those are very valuable properties that we try to run our services.
Any property damage causes a lot of grief to people that we serve. I want to continue advocating that our buildings are ours.
As our Speaker continues to remind us, this is everybody’s House.
We need to remind all of our students and all of the public that schools, health centres, and garages are all of the public’s buildings and they are there to serve the public.
I applaud and thank for questioning this and raising this in this House. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Question 133 – 5(1): Increasing Educational Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, in my member’s statement I noted that we, as the Fifth Assembly of Nunavut, have a new opportunity to push our territory towards a bright future.
Can the minister tell this House whether he would be willing to reopen the consideration of establishing a university in Nunavut in partnership with the private sector and others?
Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College, Minister Joanasie.
I also thank the Member for Baker Lake for asking that question.
Nunavut Arctic College drafted a request for proposals, asking different universities outside of Nunavut on ways to collaborate on various courses that we could jointly offer.
We started to develop a plan, although we were made aware that different bodies, for example, Agnico Eagle placed funds aside specifically for the creation of a university in Nunavut.
This work is something we would like to continue to pursue. However, we have tried to draft up an agreement with some universities outside of Nunavut on developing a collaborative approach towards this goal.
I truly feel that we must invest in expanding educational opportunities from Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit such as that delivered by the Piqqusilirivvik program to higher academics such as the kind of education that would be delivered in a university setting.
Of course I feel that Baker Lake would be the perfect location for such an expansion.
Can the minister clarify whether he and his officials have been in discussion with the Board of Governors of Nunavut Arctic College to develop a vision of how greater opportunities for higher education can be delivered in Nunavut?
Minister Joanasie.
Nunavut Arctic College shares that desire to provide greater opportunities for Nunavummiut to be able to receive a university degree in their home territory. What we have started noting is that emergence of online distance learning courses, as that is another avenue to research.
With respect to the matter the member referred to regarding Piqqusilirivvik and how more programming could be disseminated to the satellite communities, it is another idea which we are contemplating.
The board of governors of Arctic College will be involved in this initiative along with my officials. Specifically the Arctic College president and vice-president will be developing a plan to move towards this goal that can provide us momentum forward.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Mikkungwak: Mr. Speaker, I recognize that the previous government accepted a recommendation not to pursue the option of a Nunavut university at that time.
Will the minister commit to revisiting this concept and reporting back to the House on his findings?
Minister Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Mikkungwak for his question.
That option about building a university in Nunavut, people have different ideas about it.
Like I said, Agnico Eagle has earmarked $5 million towards a new facility if there is a will to do that.
I think it’s still an ongoing discussion.
Within this mandate over the next four years, I’m not sure if that is the route we want to take given that we just completed a fairly extensive feasibility study which we’re going to take into consideration and proceed as we need.
Members, please note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Main.
Motion 015 – 5(1): Extension of Question Period (Main)
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Pursuant to Rule 39(7), I move, seconded by the Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that the time allotted for oral questions be extended. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The motion is in order and it is not debatable.
All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
All those opposed.
Therefore question period will be extended for an additional 30 minutes staring now.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 134 – 5(1): Grants and Contributions Programs (Main)
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise to ask my question to the Minister of Environment, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to ask about the Department of Environment’s hunting programs and I would like information on how they actually benefit our hunters.
Looking at the government’s main estimates for 2017-18, those programs are in three parts.
Let me speak in English so that I’m clear. There are three grants under the Department of Environment that are administered for disaster compensation, wildlife damage compensation, and finally the Fur Pricing Program.
The budgeted amount for these grants is $150,000 for the current fiscal year.
First of all, I wonder if the minister could explain how the department evaluates the effectiveness of these programs.
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker, and for that question.
I know that that happens at least, I think it’s three times a year. I don’t have the details of that yet, but I know they just had a fur harvesters’ auction beginning of March. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
I thank the minister for bringing up particularly the fur markets.
Mr. Speaker, information provided in this House in years past is very interesting to me and perhaps other harvesters in Nunavut.
In 2011 the Department of Environment stated that the value of pelts auctioned off to the Fur Harvesters Auction was around $800,000.
In 2012 it was around $1.1 million and in 2013 it was $1.04 million.
Mr. Speaker, I wonder if the minister could give us an update in terms of how the fur markets are proceeding this year in terms of the latest information that she has available. It could be this year or it could be last year. I’m interested in the health and the economic viability or state of the fur markets.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I, too, have the same information you just read off actually.
I cannot say where they’re at because I don’t have the results of the Fur Harvesters Auction recently.
I can tell you that my hope is after the Northern Lights, it was doubled in sales when it comes to the industry and I hope that that will be an indication of what’s coming by way of the Fur Harvesters Auction. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I also thank the minister.
This is my final question on this, Mr. Speaker.
Can the Department of Environment make considerations to get more cash into the hands of our hunters to help them out?
We know who the fox trappers and sealskin producers are.
I think that the money that is used within a year is too small, Mr. Speaker.
I believe it’s just too small.
Can the minister agree with me on this fact? Can the minister check into this in the coming months?
I agree with you. I look forward to tabling one day to increase that.
Question 135 – 5(1): Compensation Program for Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak)
My question will be directed to the Minister of Environment.
Mr. Speaker, we are all aware in Nunavut that our hunters’ equipment gets damaged, especially by polar bears. Their shacks get broken up and their important property like snowmobiles is damaged.
Mr. Speaker, there is a compensation program for damaged equipment, but it’s very hard to access that money.
Has the funding for wildlife damage compensation programs been depleted this year?
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
My apologies. I didn’t hear the whole question.
Can he repeat the question, please?
Speaker: Please repeat your question, Mr. Keyootak.
Our properties like snowmobiles and shacks get damaged, especially by polar bears, when we’re not there.
We all know that there are compensation programs for wildlife damage to property.
My question was: has the budget for damage compensation been depleted this fiscal year?
Speaker: Thank you for clarifying the question.
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
The minister said that she would respond after she gets the information.
Can she break it down between the Baffin region, the Kivalliq region, and the Kitikmeot region?
Yes, I can provide a breakdown of the list.
Question 136 – 5(1): Child Care and Early Learning Program (Hickes)
I would like to direct my questions today to the Minister of Education.
In his minister’s statement this afternoon he stated that all eligible licensed child care facilities will receive an increase and he gave a range of numbers dependent on the number, type, and location of the spaces.
Is there an overall budget associated within this range? What is the total amount that is being provided to our licensed child care facilities?
Minister of Education, Minister Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank Mr. Hickes for his question.
Cabinet approved the signing of a multilateral framework for this agreement. It’s a three-year agreement and over the three years I think it’s broken down by four different categories.
If you want specific statistics operations-wise, O M would be overall $1.1 million for each year. It’s broken down into that.
That’s kind of the overall numbers I have.
I thank the minister for those details.
Mr. Speaker, when I’m looking at the daycare regulations for Nunavut, A manual for early childhood programs, section 17 in the staffing speaks to “For all staff involved in the delivery of the daily program, it is recommended to include training as one of the expectations.”
Mr. Speaker, I know there are a number of different programs offered within the Early Childhood Division as well as Nunavut Arctic College.
How is success measured? How is this tracked from licensed daycare facilities across the territory to make sure that training is encouraged for day-to-day staff?
Hon. David Joanasie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Thank you, Mr. Hickes, again.
Training is one part of this agreement over the three years.
That’s one of the other components outside of the $1.1 million for operations costs.
We want to get more and more certified ECE workers that might already be working in a daycare facility.
It’s an area that we want to continue to boost. Training and ongoing training on the job are some things that we look forward to over the three years and beyond.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I look forward to getting that information in the House.
When we're looking at the day care workers and the curriculum that's available, I've heard a lot of times that when there's a training program, it seems like it's more effective.
Mr. Speaker, I have also heard concerns about the lack of wage subsidies for daycare workers.
It's very important that we make sure that there's consistent training for our children.
I'm just wondering: in terms of the grants and contributions that they're trying to provide to day-care workers to make sure that they're getting a better salary so that they're full-time and they '
I agree with Mr. Hickes and I totally agree with him that we want our children to be well prepared and successful in their lives before they enter the school system.
That's what we're trying to do and we're trying to support the daycare staff.
With this agreement, one of the things that we're trying to do is to make sure that if the parents don't increase the rates that they're providing daycares, we're able to work with the daycares to make sure that they're adequately funded.
At this time, we're still working on that and we're hoping to have more daycare spaces in all of Nunavut.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Sammurtok.
Question 137 - 1 (5): Inuit Employment Requirements in Government Contracts
On Friday, March 16, I asked questions to the Minister of Community and Government Services.
The number of Inuit working for the government is increasing.
Mr. Speaker, the minister indicated that he was in support of increasing Inuit employment.
Is this 20 percent related to the construction of the Baffin Correctional Centre and the breakwaters in Iqaluit and Pond Inlet?
If I understood you correctly, Mr. Speaker, 20 percent and 15 percent are Inuit.
Can the minister give us a brief overview of how we're going to make changes to the tendering process?
Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
I'm sure you understand that when tenders are being done by CGS, they provide assistance to the departments that will be constructed.
If it's going to be a docking facility, we're talking about the Department of Economic Development and Transportation.
We work with the contractors to make sure that the contracts are being followed.
We work with the client departments to determine how many Inuit will be employed.
We're trying to make sure that we don't go over budget.
I can't say at this time that after the tenders have been cancelled, the bids will be changed.
That's my question.
If they can't change anything, then they can't make any changes.
Can the Department of Community and Government Services work on that?
I hope I was understandable, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister tell me, maybe tell the House if it's okay for the staff from other communities to work when they're building houses?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the member for that question.
Mr. Speaker, the NNI Policy provides that "contractors conduct evaluations on issues related to Inuit labour content as follows:
equipment;
Inuit who are eligible to be employed according to their education;
Other community-based programs could affect Inuit employment opportunities.
Mr. Speaker, we encourage contractors in the communities to hire from the regions before they are hired from outside of Nunavut.
So that's one of the things that we're trying to do to attract people to come into Nunavut.
We encourage that.
We work very closely with the client departments in trying to meet those goals.
Mr. Enook.
Mr. Browne: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
This will be my last question. Will the minister commit to working with his department to ensure that major infrastructure projects are completed?
Will the minister commit to working with the service providers to ensure that jobs are created and that people are able to apply for jobs in the communities outside of Nunavut?
Will the minister commit to ensuring that this is taken into consideration so that Nunavut's current contracting practices will be included?
I believe that the Government of Nunavut, as a whole, encourages the public to seek employment first so that they can hire Nunavummiut.
We will continue to do that.
Orders of the Day.
Returns to Written Questions.
Clause 9.
Reports of Standing and Special Committees on Bills and Other Matters.
Tabled Document 029 - 1 (5): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Report of the North West Company re: Diamond Mine Project (Arreak)
Last week, I tabled a letter from the President of Baffinland concerning the status of drilling near Hall Beach.
As I stated earlier, I will be supporting the mining companies because my fellow residents of Amittuq can't find employment.
I am pleased to table today a copy of the minister's response to my questions concerning the Meadowbank mine's 2018 annual report.
I believe that this program will benefit my constituents.
I'll take that as notice.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Tabled Document 030 - 1 (5): Letter from Repulse Bay Hamlet Re: Four-bay Garage (Netser)
Tabled Document 031 - 1 (5): Letter from Repulse Bay Hamlet Re: A Runway Extension (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I have two documents to table from the Repulse Bay Hamlet Council.
There are four-plexes that have four-plexes and the community is growing and their vehicles are getting too old.
The other one would be to extend the runway.
The hamlets have written letters to the government.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Tabled Document 032 - 4 (1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak)
I wish to table today a copy of the Department of Family Services "Client Travel Policy and regulations, including the Client Travel Policy.
I have two.
Tabled Document 033 - 1 (5): Options under Supplementary Retiring Allowances (Speaker)
Tabled Document 034 - 1 (5): Speaker's List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker)
Thank you, my colleagues. I have two documents to table.
The first document is the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act.
The second document is a list of outstanding statutory tabling requirements. (interpretation) Thank you.
Going back to the Orders of the Day.
Notices of Motions.
Notices of Motions for First Reading of Bills.
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters. Bills 2, 3, and 4 with Mr. Rumbolt in the Chair.
In accordance with the authority provided to me by Motion 10 - 1 (5), the Committee of the Whole will stay in session until it reports itself out.
Before we proceed to the Committee of the Whole, we will take a 29-minute break.
> > House recessed at 15: 54 and Committee resumed at 16: 18
Chairman (interpretation): Good afternoon. I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
In Committee of the Whole, we have the following items to deal with: Bills 2, 3, and 4.
Mr. Moyo.
Mr. Mrazek: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We are reviewing Bill 2 and then Bill 3 and Bill 3.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Does the committee agree that we first deal with Bill 2?
Agreed?
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Consideration in Committee
Bill 2, please refer to your legislation binder.
Moving on. Mr. Akeeagok, do you have witnesses that you would like to bring to the table?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses in.
Mr. Akeeagok, for the record, please introduce your witnesses and your opening comments.
To my left is my Assistant Deputy Minister, Dan Cousins.
Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to appear before you today to present Bill 2, Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2018-19.
This bill will come into force on April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
Mr. Chairman, earlier this year, the Minister of Finance appeared before the Committee of the Whole on the occasion of its review of the government's main estimates and business plan.
With that being the case, at this time, the 2018-19 main estimates and business plans for the 2018-19 fiscal year will be tabled in the Legislative Assembly in May and June.
To this end, Mr. Chairman, the interim budget allows the department to deliver its programs and services to Nunavummiut in the coming months.
It's almost impossible to set aside some money after the election.
Mr. Chairman, all departments and territorial corporations have had the opportunity to review these interim appropriations based on the department's actual expenditures and budgetary processes over the past four years.
We are satisfied that this amount will be sufficient for the operations of the Office of the Legislative Assembly following its review of the Legislative Assembly's main estimates and approval of the annual budget.
The contents of the two bills are:
$8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly;
$11.66 million for the Public Service;
$29.08 million for the Department of Finance;
$49.1 million for the Department of Family Services;
$32.44 million for the Department of Justice;
$10.77 million for the Department of Culture and Heritage;
$64.1 million for the Department of Education;
$85.77 million for the Department of Health and Social Services "old office building;
$8.32 million for the Department of Environment;
$82.73 million for the Department of Community and Government Services "old office building;
$23.29 million for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation;
$73.39 million for the Nunavut Housing Corporation; and
$12.54 million for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments.
Are there any questions or comments?
Do members have any general comments?
Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was reading the Inuktitut version. $32.44 million from the Department of Justice. It talks about the Inuktitut version of the $32.44.
What is the difference between the $8.62 million in Inuktitut and $8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Just for clarification, the Legislative Assembly is requesting $8.62 million and the Department of Justice is seeking $32.4 million.
I apologize if the translation was not translated properly. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The English version is correct.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
That's just a question for the minister. We're not at a percentage of the budget, so I'm just wondering if that's something that has been spent on setting aside funds for elections.
Mr. Speaker, I know there was a lot of debate on financial management and I think the minister has indicated that there should be a fundamental change in the way that the department provides accurate services to Nunavummiut.
Mr. Chairman, it doesn't really have anything to do with this bill.
I'm just wondering if there's been any changes in the way that they're allocated within the next few years.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
To date, there haven't been any major changes to the O M budget, but we're hoping to see the capital budget in the fall. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there any more general comments?
Do members have any general comments?
If not we will go clause by clause.
Go to Bill 2 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Chairman: Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman: Go to Schedule on page 2, Schedule on page 3 in Inuktitut, Interim Appropriation Act April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Total Operations and Maintenance. $491,804,000.
Thank you, Mr. Moyo, do you have a question?
Mr. Mrazek: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I might have had to bring this up earlier, but I have a question on departmental grants and contributions.
It's my understanding that the percentages are based on a yearly basis, but some of the grants and contributions are already used. If they're for one year, then they're going to be depleted on April 1.
I just want to get some clarification on the grants and contributions. Is it the responsibility of the Nunavut Housing Corporation?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Hon. David Simailak: Good question.
In your opening comments, you said that it's a four-year program.
I can say that the Department of Community and Government Services and the Nunavut Housing Corporation are one of the biggest departments.
If there's a request for proposals, then the departments have different processes, and then in the last four years, all the departments have quarterly payments.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Akeeagok.
I guess I'll ask another question. Can the minister indicate if they're going to be using the same process that they're going to use for projects or are they just going to be using the terms of reference?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Moyo.
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I'm hoping to be in a position tomorrow to be able to look at some of the projects that we're looking at in the future. One of the things that we've been able to put in place in the fifth Assembly is that we've been advised by the ministers that it's going to be the same thing for the next three months.
Ms. Towtongie.
I'm sorry. Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Welcome, minister and your officials.
In the main estimates, we have $491,804,000.
The first item I would like to clarify is under this bill, $8,623,000. In your opening comments, the minister stated that it's $8.26 million.
It's not $3,000.
Why is that the case?
That is my question.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
That's what we're trying to get at.
Those are the numbers.
As I indicated in my opening comments, I'm trying to keep the numbers closer to the main estimates. I don't want to say all the details, but we have reduced the numbers.
The numbers that we're looking at in the bill were accurate and not all of them were correct.
Total Supplementary Appropriation. $491,804,000. Do you agree?
Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman: Do members agree to Bill 2 as a whole?
Do members agree, pursuant to Rule 62 (2), that Bill 2 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would just like to thank my officials for preparing this bill so that we can have our government operational by June.
Thank you very much to all the members for your support in approving this funding and I look forward to sitting in this House when we deal with the budget in March and June.
I thank all of you.
Bill 2 is concluded.
I would now like to ask the minister if he can proceed with his opening comments on Bill 3.
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will ask my officials to remain at the witness table. I would like you to know that as soon as we get to the next department, I will be able to invite my officials.
Mr. Chairman, can I begin with my opening comments?
I am pleased to present Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2017-2018, No. 3, through this bill, the government is seeking to increase its budget by $56,602,000 for the following reasons:
$49 million to the Department of Health to cover a shortfall in the Department of Health's budget for medical travel, mental health, addictions treatment, elders "long-term care, medical care, and TB treatment;
$6.2 million to the Department of Justice to cover the shortfalls in the RCMP, Corrections and Justice; and
$1,402 million in over-expenditures for the Children and Family Services Branch and the Corporate Services Branch.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments. I look forward to responding to any questions or comments that members may have.
Are there any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Family Services.
Total Children and Family Services. $1,402,000.
I just saw the numbers and I still don't know where you're coming from.
Mr. Savikataaq, can you respond to that question?
Hon. David Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don't have the breakdown with me at this time, but there are two main facilities that we do have that we send more inmates out of the territory and we have increased the number of visits outside of Nunavut.
For example, there's an elder from Igloolik, I don't know if it's in Gjoa Haven or Ottawa, so that the patient can go to the hospital and visit them.
If they don't receive income support, then they're not given assistance.
The majority of Nunavut's elders are sent out of the territory because they don't have the support they need in Nunavut. As I said earlier, there are more people going out of the territory to visit.
I'm just wondering if you have any plans to repatriate all the elders "care facilities that are currently under the Department of Health.
Some of the things that the minister mentioned are not actually under Family Services.
Some of them are in the care of the Department of Health and some of them are in the care of the Department of Health.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I understand that some people have to be visited by foster parents.
My question is are there still elders who are still receiving social assistance that have not been transferred to the Department of Health?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) According to my briefing notes, the information that I have is that it was transferred to the Department of Health.
They are not transferred to the Department of Health and Social Services.
I'm just wondering if there are any more positions that have been transferred to Family Services that haven't been transferred to Family Services. I'm just looking at the information here and looking at the business plan, I think all of them have been moved. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don't know if the minister can clarify that for me.
It's up to Mr. Akeeagok to respond to that question.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): I'll try and clarify.
I thought the question was: is it still within the Department of Health and Social Services?
What I said was that it's under the Department of Health right now and it's under the seniors "program.
We are still in Family Services.
What we're trying to do is increase the budget for social services. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you for the explanation from the minister.
Now I understand.
Maybe I'll rephrase my question.
Does the Department of Family Services still have elder care programs?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) There are still programs available for elders and I would like the Minister of Family Services to clarify that.
I'm aware that the government's programs for seniors "fuel subsidy, the Seniors" Fuel Subsidy Program, the Seniors "Fuel Subsidy Program, and the Department of Family Services, I'm sure, are over the age of 60.
If I missed anyone, Minister Savikataaq can help me answer the question. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank both ministers for clarifying that.
My last one.
When Nunavut residents are sent out of the territory, do they still receive income support?
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Through you, I would like Minister Savikataaq to respond to that question. (interpretation ends) Thank you.
Chairman: Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
It depends on the situation.
In some cases, they are eligible for income support, but I can't say that they are the same.
I have a lot of detailed questions within the department.
They have indicated that they will be providing funding from other departments.
As it stands now, does other departments in this territory support all Nunavummiut?
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Also from Family Services, almost all of those positions were transferred to the Department of Health.
They don't get that much subsidy. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that answer.
When you're going to be giving them to different departments, when do you identify when they're going to be in a deficit situation?
Mr. Akeeagok.
The department reports on a monthly basis and at the end of the fiscal year, it's slightly over-expenditure.
We are on page 4.
Mr. Moyo.
In the document that we have before us, it says that they're providing residential care based on population growth. There were 189 residential care facilities.
Do you foresee an increase in the numbers?
What is the growing need for long-term care?
I'm just wondering if you have an idea of what the reasons are for increasing the number of people requiring care.
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm just wondering if that's something that's been going on for a number of years now and if that's something that's going to be included in the overall budget starting from last year. I don't want to approve a supplementary appropriation that's accurate in the budget.
Will that be included in the growth?
If we're going through the page-by-page review, it's going to be evident that we're going to be talking about the changes when they're not meeting the budget.
We will be asking questions when we get to the main estimates. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In your briefing notes, it states that there is a surplus within the department.
It mentions that the department recently revised the Income Support Program.
I'm just wondering if the minister could indicate if any of the remaining funds were spent by the Department of Finance or were they all spent by income support workers or did the majority of the money go towards income support?
Which one did you increase it to?
I'm trying to understand where the surplus was spent.
I'm just wondering if there's going to be an increase in the paperwork or is there going to be an increase in the income support amount?
Chairman: Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
They have been hired to operate on a regular basis and they're moving from one department to another and some of these individuals have been hired.
Mr. Speaker, when the Income Support Program was revised, it was funded through the government's response to the residential care review.
There are a number of reasons why the Department of Family Services has arrived at budget shortfalls for this fiscal year. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will leave it at that.
Information provided by the department indicates that one of the department's priorities is to, and I quote, "increase the number of income support clients."
Will this funding be used for staff or will it be for income support?
Perhaps my colleague, Minister Savikataaq, can respond to the question better.
Mr. Savikataaq, please proceed.
The income support adjustments have a huge impact on income support payments.
The National Child Benefit Supplement has been reduced.
The National Child Benefit Supplement will no longer be in place. At this time, the income support recipients will be receiving more money than the income support recipients.
We are on Total Children and Family Services.
Not previously authorized. $1,402,000.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Justice. $2,600,000.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Minister, welcome.
What I'm trying to get at is this (interpretation ends) "to purchase new drugs." (interpretation) Does the minister have any plans to amend the Tobacco Tax Act?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Like you, Mr. Chairman, I would like to direct my question to the Deputy Minister of Justice.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the other witness out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your witness.
On my left is Deputy Minister of Justice Bill MacKay.
If it's okay with you, I would like to take the question as notice.
That's a very good question.
This is not for smoking.
These are new drugs that we need to learn and implement.
In December of this year, during the Minister of Finance's recent Budget Address, funding was allocated under the Tobacco Reduction Framework for Action. 25 percent of the funding from the federal government will be allocated to the RCMP to conduct an inventory of drugs.
That's two things.
I thank the minister for his response.
My next question is in regard to the housing crisis in the communities.
Can the minister explain why this is included in there?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Netser.
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If there's another RCMP member, we have to go through the government contract to get housing. So the cost was around $300,000. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Main, did you have a question?
Mr. Mrazek: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The minister talked about the $2,600,000 breakdown of $300,000 for housing.
Can you elaborate a little bit more on that?
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will ask my officials.
Those are the numbers.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister.
Why is it that these vehicles have to be purchased?
I believe it was supposed to be in the budget.
Was this a factor in purchasing new vehicles?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The $1 million is for the replacement of mobile equipment.
We do have a contract with the RCMP and there are various processes.
Last year, the vehicles were not replaced because of the lack of funding.
However, this year, the government's vehicles have failed to meet the basic needs of Nunavummiut.
That's why there's a significant increase in this year.
The equipment has been damaged.
Through the RCMP's contracting arrangements, they have to purchase this equipment.
However, in discussions with the federal government, they have to come to an agreement.
Mr. Ma: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I believe my colleague is referring to that.
I believe they're new.
Will the equipment that is going to be inspected be made available to all the communities?
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Those are the new job evaluation tools for the RCMP and the public. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If it's the most dangerous drugs in our communities, are there any plans in place to deal with them?
I wish everyone who is coming into our communities a safe and happy summer.
However, at least two communities have been impacted.
It's very dangerous.
If you don't get those things, it's much better if you don't do it, but it's becoming a safety issue and I'm glad that the RCMP is preparing for it.
Mr. Mrazek: I thought you were done.
That's my last question.
In terms of the lack of housing in the communities, I'm just wondering if you could clarify that for me.
In the document that we have provided, it states that we have received nine additional RCMP officers in six Nunavut communities.
That was just a comment.
Moving on. Mr. Hickes, do you have a question?
On the $2.6 million that you're requesting, you're talking about the interpreters that go to court. Did you need seven judges?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) At this time, no, there are more interpreters and there are a number of other positions that we need to hire.
I'll just leave it at that. In his opening comments, he talked about the new telephone system and the replacement of the old system.
We know that there's going to be a replacement of the existing telephone system. Are they going to be setting aside additional funds or are they going to be requesting additional funding once the number is known by the RCMP?
It's being planned by the department.
The Department of Finance has a business plan that states that the government's Public Service Act has been passed. As my colleague pointed out, there is no funding for smoking prevention. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Within the other O M of the Baffin Correctional Centre, it talks about a full-time position and a full-time position at the Baffin Correctional Centre.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Did he say eight?
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My next question is in regard to the information that was provided in the overtime. It says here that when the Baffin Correctional Centre gets over $180 thousand, is that correct?
Can the minister clarify that for me?
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, to respond to that question.
Mr. MacKay: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If it's a blizzard, then it's added to overtime.
When there's a blizzard, they can't go home and then the staff says that there's going to be another person going to work again. Is it two times when there's a blizzard?
Mr. MacKay, can you clarify your question?
If there's a blizzard, they're immediately referred to by the staff.
Mr. Lysy.
Mr. Pinksen: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice. First of all, the RCMP has indicated that they will need new RCMP detachments for the next nine years.
When you hire RCMP members do they get housing separately?
I'm happy to say that one of my officials, who was playing hockey, was playing hockey with one of his colleagues, Taylor Kayok, I'm sure she's going to be okay and my deputy can't write.
It will take time.
My question is in regard to the 9 RCMP detachments.
As I stated earlier, we work with various entities.
I would like to be very clear that 70 percent of the RCMP costs to the Government of Nunavut are paid 30 percent by the federal government.
The RCMP is contracted by the federal government. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Pinksen: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I am just wondering if the RCMP will be providing housing to all the RCMP officers?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) When the RCMP officers are brought into the communities, they are identified on a yearly basis.
They don't send their officers out on the land.
They don't expect to have staff housing in the communities at the same time, but depending on how many RCMP members they need in the community, they are provided with housing.
The RCMP operates differently.
When they identify that they need more RCMP officers in all 25 communities, they try to include staff housing immediately. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It's unfortunate that the RCMP does not try to involve the communities.
When the RCMP gets their own home, how does it help them?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Lysy.
I don't think there should be too many questions here.
I don't think we should expect them to get their own houses.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That was a very good comment.
The RCMP is out there for three years even though they're in the community, they're involved in community fundraising.
If the RCMP wanted to get a house, they would be asking the federal government for housing.
The federal government doesn't make any money. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question is in regard to the RCMP.
Clause 40,071,000.
If this is approved, it will be $42,671,000 for this contract. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you for that clarification.
Moving on to the third item, Corrections.
Chairman (interpretation): Mr. Lysy, we're only on Law Enforcement. We haven't reached that stage yet. Can you wait for those questions?
Are there any further questions?
Mr. D'Arcy: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the minister's letter, he indicated that the total budget for this project was $40 million, which is estimated to be $30 million.
How is the $42 million budgeted for the end of the fiscal year?
Maybe I could ask the member if he has any numbers.
I'm just wondering if there's a figure that I got from the letter that I received on Friday, I think it was $30 million, but if he could elaborate a little bit more.
The letter is dated March 16th to the Regular Members "Caucus addressed to the Minister of Finance's appearance.
The document I'm referring to is on page 4 and page 4.
I would like to thank the member.
That's the figure of 30 million dollars for this year that's been spent up to $30 million, and the plan is $42 million.
The RCMP has explained how they're going to use it and they're going to be using the $2.6 million.
I'm looking at the $2.6 million that we're looking at on page 1 of the business plan, it indicates that "The RCMP operates with hurricane strapping."
Members note that the Legislative Assembly is proposing to make improvements to the management system. However, the uniqueness of the system is that it requires an additional $2.6 million to cover the costs associated with employee training, training, and employee retention.
The minister talked about the $2.6 million increase in compensation and benefits. On the same page, it talks about over $2.6 million.
Can you clarify that, Mr. Chairman?
Mr. Akeeagok, if you would like to rephrase your question.
If you look at the breakdown that I mentioned earlier, there's an additional $2.6 million for corrections.
There are two separate categories of $2.6 million.
The RCMP needs radio equipment, vehicles, and all kinds of emergency situations. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank Mr. Akeeagok.
If we're talking about $2.6 million, what's the total amount of this amount? I don't understand it. Can you clarify that for me?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Ms. Towtongie.
On page 5 of your business plan, under Law Enforcement, we're dealing with $2.6 million.
On another topic, "Correctional Facilities," there's $2.6 million that's also mentioned, but it's not totally what we're dealing with right now. At this time, we're looking at $2.6 million for code compliance.
Do you have a question?
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you for clarifying that.
In reading the Inuktitut version, it seems like the main estimates are the same.
Can you clarify what this means? Is it an estimate or is it for 2017-18?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) On my left, it talks about $40 million for the Law Enforcement Branch, $11 million that has already been approved by the department.
We're still in the 2017-18 fiscal year and you're projecting that it's going to be able to go up a little bit. That's why we're trying to get approval for supplementary appropriations for the Department of Justice.
A total of $6.2 million has been allocated to the RCMP.
That is what we are requesting from the House. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm just confused in the Inuktitut version because it seems like they're estimates.
I understand my question now.
We are on Law Enforcement. $2.6 million.
Total Registries and Court Services. $1 million.
Total Justice. Corrections. $2,600,000.
Mr. Pinksen: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is in regard to corrections.
Am I correct?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is correct. The majority of that is for overtime and casuals.
Mr. Lyall.
If memory serves me correct, the Baffin Correctional Centre employs 12 hours. Is that correct?
I'm just wondering if the department has given any thought to having three or eight-hour positions in the Baffin Correctional Centre.
Perhaps through you, the deputy minister, Mr. MacKay, can respond to that question.
The member is correct that we have 12 hours of work.
It's a two-hour program. It's a 42-hour program.
It was $4 million and now it's $2.49 million.
As a result, the Corrections Division's deficit was $4.5 million, almost $2.6 million.
We're moving forward with telehealth and we will continue to do that.
I would like to remind everyone to turn your microphone off and keep it hoarse.
Mr. Pinksen: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
They go out on the land for overtime and they work for 42 hours a week.
Do they work for 50 or 60 hours a week?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
This is quite detailed, so we have to provide it to the House.
Our deputy minister cannot respond to that question.
We don't have that information.
I don't know how much information they need for the operation of the facility.
My questions are for the Premier.
And what kind of training?
With your permission, I would like to ask Deputy Minister MacKay to respond.
I'm going to ask him to answer that question. There is a training and development supplementary appropriation under Court Services.
We don't provide training at this time.
We've got a trainer who has a contract in place and it's one of the reasons why it's so expensive to have overtime and on-the-job training and so on and so forth.
We're also looking at other ways of how we can better plan the budget so that we can have more staff at the Corrections and Court Services so that we can provide more training to the contractors so that we can have less teachers.
Ms. Nakashuk.
I was wondering about the $2.6 million that was talked about earlier and the staff training.
What training will be provided to employees and casuals?
Both correctional facilities and the court system provide training for casual employees and staff.
If they're hired on a casual basis and they're contracted out for a number of weeks, then they're trained to work with the corrections officers and they're trained to deal with conflict of interest.
What kind of programs do they have for inmates or do I have to ask questions?
I don't know if they have that level of detail, Mr. Akeeagok.
With your permission, Deputy Minister MacKay can elaborate further.
Ms. MacKay.
I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I will be able to provide that information to the member as to what training is provided to inmates.
Based on which low-risk inmates, such as here in Iqaluit, at the Baffin Correctional Centre, are receiving pre-trades training so that they will be able to work in the correctional facilities and provide training to inmates so that they can work in the correctional facility after they graduate.
We also have programs in place for individuals with special needs, addictions counselling, family violence counselling, and so on.
Even though they can't leave the facility, they're trained to work in the correctional facility and they usually graduate from high school and they're also trained in the trades program.
The facility in Rankin Inlet provides programming for inmates.
There are different programs that we offer.
Mr. Netser: I'm done.
We are on page 5.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance.
Total Department. Not Previously Authorized. $6,200,000.
Turn to page 6.
Department of Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Mr. Akeeagok, would you like to respond?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): It's not just a comment.
If it's okay with you, we'll move on to another department. I'm sure my officials will be available to answer questions. I would like to have my officials at the witness table make some changes before we go to questions. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was going to give you an opportunity, but if you would like to make a comment, it's okay.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the officials out.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Chairman (interpretation): Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the other witness out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your new witness.
To my left, Deputy Minister of Health, Colleen Stockley.
Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized. Total Directorate. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser: My mistake.
That's my question.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Are there any questions under Directorate?
I don't have too many questions, but when we're talking about elders "facilities in Nunavut, there are three facilities that will be funded under different programs.
A couple of days ago when I was asking about the pre-feasibility study in Igloolik and Gjoa Haven, they were looking at expanding the elders "facility.
At that time, the minister was not aware of the number of beds that would be required.
I'm just wondering if we could get an update as to where they're at with that.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It's under the preplanning stage. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What is the status of this preplanning study?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like my Deputy Minister of Health to respond to that because he knows more about the capital projects.
The Department of Health has already prepared its capital plan for 2017-18.
I wonder if this can proceed with the expansion of the Igloolik health centre.
In keeping in mind that during the election, the government was probably going to have new responsibilities and the option of expanding Igloolik.
It's not going to be very far, but we're expecting that it will start again once we know the government's mandate.
In closing, when we're talking about the use of the government's resources, we have identified some deficiencies in our infrastructure and I would like to take this opportunity to emphasize the department's role with respect to the delivery of government-wide elder care programs.
I look forward to seeing progress being made in this area, especially with respect to the existing infrastructure that is currently being used in Nunavut, identifying different opportunities for new infrastructure for people on the waiting list.
That was more of a comment.
In regard to my colleague's question about the elders "homes.
I would be interested in hearing how that $900,000 is divided up.
I'm just wondering if the minister could give us an idea of which infrastructure that they're looking at.
The $900,000 is divided into three regions and $300,000 is for each of the three elders.
Mr. Ma: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm just wondering if the minister could explain what process the Department of Health has in place to inform the public if they're in a deficit situation.
These three communities are operated by the government, not by the government.
If there's a need to increase or decrease, then the Department of Health and Social Services and other organizations are involved.
When they have to discuss these issues, they try to resolve them.
It's based on national and territorial standards.
In his opening comments, he indicated that "three new continuing care facilities, two-thirds of residential care, and three-year-old facilities require a number of factors."
I'm just wondering if that's something that they're anticipating in the next year or so. Are they projecting that they're going to continue to increase the operating costs or is there going to be a cap on that?
When the contract first started, three of them were dealt with by Family Services.
The Department of Health finally assumed the contract in April 2017.
As far as I'm aware, the Department of Health and Social Services is a little bit different than the Department of Family Services.
One of the recommendations that were made was the Food Mail Program.
When we looked at the contract, the elders "facilities were not able to meet the needs.
That's where we are at this time.
If I'm wrong, please stop me.
It's a dangerous situation.
I'm just wondering if there has been any discussion in the past about allocating funds for mental health services.
We're on general comments. We're talking about supplementary appropriations for operations and maintenance. We're not talking about actual costs.
I don't think it's appropriate for this Assembly or any other way.
Do you have any further questions, Ms. Towtongie?
Thank you for that clarification.
With respect to mental health contracts for 2017-18, $16.7 million, I believe it's $6.2 million. What is the status of that project?
That's my last question, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, with respect to the $5.9 million that the member asked about, it is included in the $43.1 million.
The details of the $16 million and $10 million are there.
Perhaps Ms. Stockley can elaborate on the details of the $10 million.
That's very good news for Nunavummiut because they're asking for help.
The number of clients requiring treatment has increased.
I know that they have mental problems and addictions.
There are also costs outside of the Department of Health and Social Services that are covered by the Department of Justice and the Department of Justice.
Before we proceed to the Directorate, we will take a five-minute break.
> > Committee recessed at 18: 03 and resumed at 18: 10
I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
Total Health Care Service Delivery. $43,100,000.
On the out-of-territory care, you have identified a growing need for elder care.
We don't have a laboratory in Nunavut.
That's good to hear.
Are they looking into this to make sure that we have a laboratory in Nunavut?
It's part of the process, but it's not at the highest level.
Those are the types of things that we are doing.
On the same page, out of territory-wide, the last paragraph, it says, "Finalize the Territorial Health Access Fund."
I almost woke up on the minister's notes that his department didn't include anything within the budget.
I'm just wondering if the department will be spending all of its money here.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. On page 6, the first one is the $5.9 million that is not previously authorized.
We are requesting $5.9 million for the elders "group home.
My question was more directed to the Department of Health.
Perhaps through you if I make a mistake, the deputy minister can correct me.
I don't know what they're being used for, but I think that was the question that was posed by the member.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you for the clarification.
These funds haven't been spent within the department.
The remaining budget for the Department of Health is $49 million.
With respect to the letter that I just sent out today, it will be translated into Inuktitut and it will be translated today. It was sent in English on Friday and it's not included in the substantiation sheet.
That's a very small amount.
I'm glad that you mentioned the Schedule on duty travel, but I was trying to refer to a letter that I received from the minister on page 4.
I'm just wondering if they're looking at using that surplus.
The Department of Health has not done that.
The Department of Health and Social Services has not identified any surpluses.
On page 5 of the business plan, it indicates that health-related projects will require $49 million. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Department of Health doesn't have a regional breakdown.
I'm aware that in the Department of Health, there's a breakdown of the over-expenditures for the Nursing Recruitment and Retention Strategy, there's over $1 million left over in previous years.
Can the minister provide us with a list of all the programs that the Department of Health has in terms of surpluses?
I thank the minister for that information.
Mr. Akoak...
... Mr. Akeeagok, go ahead.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you for recognizing me.
We don't have that level of detail.
We can table it at a later date. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If it's for elders "facilities, then it's for operations and maintenance.
In the second bullet, it indicates that "The current elders" facilities are operated through contract to non-profit Nunavut organizations.
I just want to say that this is a very good program for the people of Nunavut and organizations.
I'm hoping that contractors will be able to bid on many contracts.
I'll move on to a different topic. On the same page, the 24-hour elders "facility, it says that it's a 24-hour facility and it's a 24-hour facility.
The elders have to be governed under this legislation.
My question is: does the Department of Health have a minimum number of elders "facilities?
I responded to that question earlier.
They have received a new contract and they have increased the budget for the Department of Health.
If there is no compliance between the interpreters and the Department of Health, they meet with each other to make sure that they follow the rules.
Mr. Mire.
Can you clarify whether the elders "facilities are at the minimum level?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
This is a new contract and we have increased it to $900,000.
The department's current business plan indicates that one of its priorities for the upcoming fiscal year is to "meet the needs of the three departments" and to "meet the needs of Nunavut's elders."
The minister indicated earlier that they're trying to keep up with the demand. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you.
I'm angry now.
In regard to medical travel, they're requesting $50 million, and I have brought this up many times in the House about patients who are going to the hospital and they don't have an appointment, especially in my constituency, when they're going down to Winnipeg, they find that they don't have an appointment.
Does the Department of Health have a list of patients that were sent down to Winnipeg before they arrived and they were not informed about their appointments?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Minister of Health has committed to reviewing all medical travel clients who have not been seen or seen by patients.
That's one of the things that the government wants to look at.
The member has been asking questions about this and he has seen it. We would like to include that in our review.
I would like to thank the member for bringing this issue up and we can look into it together.
The review will be part of the review. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
At this time, $5.5 million was set aside for tuberculosis in Qikiqtarjuaq.
Has the government approached the Department of Health and Social Services or the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami to see if they can help us with the funding that we received from the federal government or has our government discussed this issue to see if they can pay for the cost of tuberculosis?
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you.
That is a very good question.
At this time, the federal government has announced that its 2018-19 main estimates will be included in the department's proposed capital estimates to address the issue of tuberculosis.
At this time, the advisory committee is comprised of representatives from Inuit communities, including the Department of Health and Social Services.
At this time, I haven't seen any additional funding from the federal government, but as the Minister of Finance, I haven't seen any details.
I look forward to seeing the details. If Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami is doing a good job, they will have a good understanding.
That is how it is.
We will keep the minister informed as to what is happening.
I would like to ask another question in regard to medical travel.
It says here that there's no medical travel contract for foster parents.
Does the Department of Health understand why it's so expensive?
5.6 percent is expected to increase annually and what accounts for this increase?
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
With your permission, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. Stockley, to respond to that.
Medical travel and medivacs are increasing annually.
The number of patients travelling on medical travel is increasing and that's one of the good things that we have seen so far.
Tuberculosis is one of the most prevalent diseases in Canada.
Let me use an example.
I think there were about 60 medevacs that had to be medevaced out in December.
We're always looking at the number of medevacs that are sent out every week.
The combination of medical travel and medivacs has increased.
Mr. Chairman, I'm not going to get into the details, but I'm trying to understand the reasons for the increase.
Are our population in Nunavut going to be healthy?
Can I get an update on this question?
I would like the deputy minister to respond to that.
It's unfortunate that we haven't been able to meet all of the national standards of health care, health care, food, and so on. There are a lot of overcrowding issues that cause health problems and we have made progress in that regard.
We've added some of those services to the Baffin Regional Hospital.
We try to reduce the cost of medical travel.
We are moving forward.
The other one is the telehealth system.
I'm sure you'll hear more about the budget when we're trying to get into operations and maintenance.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I look forward to reviewing the O M budget for this department.
In terms of mental health, it's $10.5 million and the other one is very encouraging.
In reviewing the substantiation sheets, it doesn't indicate what the reason is for the increase of $10.5 million.
I'm just wondering if the department has been given direction to increase the number of people with mental health problems.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Both assessments and mental health assessments are done.
During the 4th Legislative Assembly, the issue of suicide was raised as an urgent priority.
When we're recruiting physicians, we're going to continue to provide services in our communities. We're going to continue to do that. We're going to continue to promote that.
The standing committee continues to encourage the minister to update the Legislative Assembly and the public on this issue.
My last question is in regard to mental health workers and mental health workers.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 64.
How does that change in the past?
We don't have that information in front of us, but if the member wants that information, we will certainly provide it to him.
I'll move on to something else.
In that statement, it says that "equipment and equipment will remain in the Department of Health" or will it be used for other communities? If it's too small, will it be in the communities?
Through you, I'll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond.
Will the property assessments be done through the capital estimates?
I am lost.
It's under capital estimates, so I would like to get clarification.
Through you, I'll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond.
These larger assets came from the federal government.
The funding that we received from the federal government, such as the furniture, the furniture, and so on, is used by the Department of Health.
Mr. Mrazek: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question, I guess.
With the Department of Health's Nursing Recruitment and Retention Strategy, it says that you have agency nurses and contract nurses. Our department has been successful in reducing the services provided by agency nurses.
I would like to ask, in this year's expenditures over the past few years, what changes have been made to the funding formula for this program?
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We're not using agency nurses instead of using agency nurses.
To date, we are using more agency nurses.
My final question.
If I get $8.6 million, I would appreciate it.
Broken down by fiscal year, for the 2017-18 fiscal year, there was a shortfall of $52.5 million for casual staffing, an overall budget of over $45.3 million overtime, overtime expenditures of $15.7 million, and agency nurses over $0.1 million, for a total of $8.6 million.
I just have one question and I'll go through it clause by clause.
I don't have the details.
If there's an emergency in Sanikiluaq, if there's an emergency in the middle of the night, it's supposed to be overtime.
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I know the minister answered today on what the department is doing to recruit nurses.
I will leave that one alone for now.
I would just like to say that when we're looking at the budget of the Department of Health, the staff, the doctors, the contract nurses, the mental health workers, and the travel costs are always ongoing.
The number for mental health and addictions has changed significantly from last year to $6.8 million. I believe it was $7.8 million last year.
Earlier in my Member's Statement on the budget process, the Minister of Finance indicated that they haven't made any changes at this time, but I believe that they have to make some changes because we always have to go back and get approval for supplementary appropriations.
I'm just wondering if the minister could give us an idea of how much of an over-expenditure that they're actually budgeting, if they're going to be able to come up with something that they're going to be spending instead of having to increase it.
That's just a comment, but I would like to hear from the minister on that.
I think that's exactly what we're looking at. I think it's something that's something that we're seriously looking at. I think it's been five years that we've been considering and we've had some discussions with some of the departments of Health and Social Services and Justice.
I'm very pleased that we're talking about the budget and I'm working closely with my colleagues on that.
Although I have answered some of the health related questions since I have been the Minister of Health, it has always been called the Department of Health.
I think that's something that we have to work on and we have to make sure that the budget is accurate and correct, and I'm sure it's going to be re-profiled without changing the budget process.
We can only make changes through the Legislative Assembly.
One of our colleagues at the Regular Members "Caucus made some very good observations.
I also feel that we have to work closely together as Members of the Legislative Assembly.
For 2017-18, we're facing some of the challenges that we're facing. I look forward to working with the Premier and the Members of this House to make sure that we're not in this House, even if we don't know how much money the department spent, we don't have to go back to our budget.
I just wanted to say that and thank you Mr. Chairman for giving me this opportunity.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
I appreciate the minister recognizing the need for improvements.
I just wanted to reiterate, as the minister indicated, that the Department of Justice has been in regular meetings with our officials. The overtime, overtime, and everything else is going back and forth between the Department of Health and Social Services and the Department of Justice.
Again, I think that's something that should be recognized by the Minister of Human Resources.
As we move forward in developing our existing organizational structure, if we were to fill those positions, Mr. Maychruk talked about the challenges that the government faces in terms of staffing and staffing, we have to go back and look at how we can move forward with the government's positions where we have strengths and strengths.
In terms of overtime, I'm looking forward to finding out more about what the priorities are and what we're going to be expecting.
Just a comment.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have one question in regard to mental health and contract services. In the fourth paragraph, it states that the Department of Justice will be paid for medical travel. Is that included in the $10.5 million?
I'll make it as brief as possible to the member.
Mr. Lysy, do you have any further questions?
My last question is to Mr. Ma and Mr. Hickes.
My last question is in regard to the hospital staffing of $8.6 million, which is a deficit. Just to clarify, you indicated $143 million to $151.6 million.
Total Compensation and Benefits.
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lyall: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Is that $151 million 100 percent accurate?
The $25 million increase is for salaries.
I don't think the money was there 100 percent.
What we're trying to do is we're requesting $8.6 million under compensation and benefits.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Just recently, it listed a lot of things.
Moving on to the minister's opening comments on page 4, it talks about medical travel for $63.8 million for 2017-18.
I was wondering why the money was set aside for the 2016-17 fiscal year?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I don't have that information in front of me.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We're trying to deal with it in 2016-17, not under 2017-18.
I'll start off with 2016-17.
I was asking about the medical travel budget last year. What is the department going to be allocating for 2018-19?
Mr. Akeeagok doesn't have the figures for 2017-18.
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I think it's early in May.
We have a voting budget for 2017-18. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What I'm trying to say is that there's a problem within our fiscal framework and in regard to the minister's opening comments, there's a big difference between the main estimates and the main estimates.
Mr. Speaker, I don't want to see this Assembly continue to see supplementary appropriations every year.
I'm just wondering if that's the same process that the department used for O M.
That was just a comment.
Chairman: Mr. Qirngnuq, do you have a question?
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I have one more question on medical travel. I'll ask it in English so that I'll be able to understand it in English. It's the third bullet for April and April.
What he's referring to is the patients who have to be sent out for medical treatment. This has been increased for patients who have been sick for a long time.
It's going up.
Mr. Mikkungwak, do you have a question?
I apologize, I thought you had your hand up.
We are on Health. Operations and Maintenance.
We are done with $43,100,000. If you go down to the bottom, Total Department. $49 million.
Not Previously Authorized.
Schedule 1. Operations and Maintenance Appropriation. $56,602,000.
Go to Bill 3 in your legislation binder.
I'm sorry, let me go back.
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018.
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2. Schedule. Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) 2017-18, No. 1.
Clause 4. Agreed?
Chairman: Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman: Do members agree to Bill 3 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 3 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Simailak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I appreciate the questions that were asked on the budget allocations for the upcoming fiscal year and the efforts of our staff to put together the best estimates that are in there.
We will be able to make changes to the budget.
Before we proceed to the next bill, we will move on to the next bill.
Thank you for your hard work and will now rise to report progress.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witness out.
Moving on, Bill 4.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed with your opening comments.
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I am here to present Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
Through this bill, the government is requesting $96,000 for 2017-18.
This supplementary appropriation will provide the Department of Community and Government Services with a non-profit contribution of $96,000 from the interest adjustments negotiated during the negotiations, as well as the establishment of a lease for the Nunavut Housing Corporation for the Legislative Assembly building, and nine Government of Nunavut offices across Nunavut.
I would be pleased to take questions.
Do members have any general comments?
I would like to know why we need to do that.
Can the Department of Community and Government Services not find their own capital funding?
We're trying to be transparent and transparent.
There wouldn't be any money coming in unless the interest was higher than expected. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Not Previously Authorized. Total Community Services. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to page 2.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) 2017-18, No. 4. Schedule 1. Capital. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to Bill 4 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018. Clause 1. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman: Go to Schedule on page 2.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 2, 2018-2018.
Total Capital Expenditures. $96,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree to Bill 4 as a whole?
Chairman: Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 4 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
On behalf of the Auditor General and the Department of Finance, I would like to thank all of you for approving this budget.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
We have concluded our Committee of the Whole and I would like to recognize the clock and report progress to the Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): Orders of the Day.
Mr. Rumbolt.
Mr. Speaker, your committee has been considering Bills 2, 3, and 4 and would like to report that Bills 2, 3, and 4 are immediately ready for third reading.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the Report of the Committee of the Whole be agreed to.
Thank you, Mr. Ma.
All those in favour.
Item 21.
Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Third Reading
Hon. David Simailak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Aggu, that Bill 2, Interim Appropriation Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018, be read for the third time.
To the motion.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour.
The motion is carried and Bill 2 is ready for assent.
Third Reading of Bills.
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Third Reading
I move...
It has been a long day.
I move, seconded by the Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, that Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018, be read for the third time.
The motion is carried and Bill 3 is now ready for assent.
Item 21. Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet South, that Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018, be read for the third time. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Speaker: All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
Thank you. The motion is carried and Bill 4 is now ready for assent.
Mr. Clerk, will you determine if the Commissioner of Nunavut is now ready to enter the House to give assent to bills.
Assent to Bills
Commissioner Nellie Kusugak: Members of the Legislative Assembly, please be seated.
Welcome.
As Commissioner of Nunavut, I am pleased to give assent to the following bills:
Bill 1, Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 2, 2018-2019;
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018;
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018; and
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
Just a few short months ago, I presided over your swearing-in as Members of the Legislative Assembly.
Since that time, you have been working hard in your new roles to fulfill your important responsibilities to our territory and its people.
Tomorrow is the first official day of spring. As the light returns to our sky, we look forward to the future.
I hereby prorogue the First Session of the Fifth Legislative Assembly and summon all members to meet in this Chamber at 1:30 p.m. tomorrow for the opening of the Second Session.
Speaker: Before we get to Item 22, I wish to make a statement.
As Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Chairperson of the Order of Nunavut Advisory Council, I am extremely honoured to take this opportunity to announce this year’s recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
On January 1, 2010, The Order of Nunavut Act came into force.
The objective of the order is to recognize individuals who have made outstanding contributions to the territory.
The order is the highest honour of Nunavut and takes precedence over all other orders, decorations, or medals conferred by the Government of Nunavut.
As of today, a total of 15 individuals have received the Order of Nunavut.
They have been recognized for their achievements and contributions in a variety of fields, including public service, the arts, education, language promotion, spiritual leadership, and economic development.
I am pleased to announce that two individuals have been chosen this year to receive the Order of Nunavut: Ms. Betty Brewster and Mr. Ludy Pudluk.
I am very glad that Mr. Pudluk is in the gallery right now.
Welcome, Mr. Pudluk.
As members will be very much aware, Betty Brewster is a renowned interpreter/translator whose career has spanned several decades.
In 2016 she was recognized by her peers for her lifetime of contributions to the profession with an Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit Language Award.
Ludy Pudluk served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of public service, Mr. Pudluk represented the communities of the High Arctic and was instrumental in the movement that led to the creation of Nunavut.
I am pleased to announce that the investiture ceremony for Ms. Brewster and Mr. Pudluk will be held during the upcoming spring 2018 sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
The ceremony will be held here in the Chamber of the Legislative Assembly and will be televised live across the territory.
Her Honour Commissioner Nellie Kusugak will preside over the investiture ceremony in her capacity as Chancellor of the Order, and I look forward to all Members of the Legislative Assembly joining us on what I anticipate will be a wonderful occasion.
We will now return to the business of the House.
Item 22.
Orders of the Day for March 20:
Opening Address
This House stands adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, 2018, at 1:30 p.m.
>>House adjourned at 19:25
Hon. David Akeeagok
Hon. Pat Angnakak
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for Seniors’ Advocate; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak
Minister of Justice; Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation; Minister responsible for the Status of Women; Minister responsible for Labour
George Hickes
Hon. David Joanasie
Minister of Culture and Heritage; Minister of Education; Minister of Languages; Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College
Joelie Kaernerk
Mila Kamingoak
Hon. Lorne Kusugak
Minister of Community and Government Services; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Adam Lightstone
John Main
(Arviat North-Whale Cove)
Simeon Mikkungwak
Margaret Nakashuk
Patterk Netser
Emiliano Qirngnuq
(Netsilik)
Hon. Paul Quassa
Deputy Premier; Minister of Family Services; Minister responsible for Homelessness; Minister responsible for Immigration
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik
Government House Leader; Minister of Economic Development and Transportation; Minister of Energy; Minister of Environment
Cathy Towtongie
Conspiracy-theorizing megachurch preacher visits Nunavut
“The whole of the Arctic depends on what is happening here tonight”
"Rodney Howard-Browne, an evangelical pastor from Florida, preaches in Iqaluit on Aug. 27."
(Photo by Thomas Rohner)
By Thomas Rohner  Special to Nunatsiaq News
"A fundamentalist Christian evangelist known for conspiracy theories, climate change denial and marketing schemes brought his crusade to rid the world of the Antichrist to an Iqaluit church on Aug. 27."
"Rodney Howard-Browne, a South African immigrant to the United States, told his congregation near Tampa Bay last year that those who rule the world worship Lucifer and drink the blood of human sacrifices."
He preached for over an hour at an Iqaluit church to more than 100 people.
But his message is not for everyone.
“The whole of the Arctic depends on what is happening here tonight.
"So if you want the fire [of the holy ghost], stand here [by the altar], otherwise you can leave."
"The choice is yours,” Howard-Browne said at the end of the 2.5-hour event."
About 50 people crowded the altar.
“I didn’t fly thousands of miles to come play games here.
"I didn’t come here to be liked either, and I didn’t come here for your approval. … Remember: When Jesus was raised from the dead, he had to ask people to leave the room.”"
"The mostly Inuit audience included infants, youth and elders."
"Inside the Christian Fellowship church in Iqaluit’s Road to Nowhere neighbourhood, kids ran around and played between the rows of folding chairs."
"Outside, the church and mosque faced each other across a small parking lot, both overlooking Dead Dog Lake."
"Howard-Browne’s sermon was part of an event organized by the Bill Prankard Evangelistic Association’s Arctic Hope Project, which is based in Ottawa."
The association did not respond by Nunatsiaq News’ deadline to a request for comment.
"The evangelist’s performance, number 119 on a tour of 300 one-night city stops he plans, began about one hour into the event."
"First, a local Christian band opened the night followed by Iqaluit evangelist and singer Looee Arreak, who helped found the Christian Fellowship Church."
"Eric Gonyon, an associate pastor with Howard-Browne’s Revival Ministries International, then held a 40-minute promotional session for his boss."
"Looee Arreak, an Iqaluit evangelist and singer, performs before Rodney Howard-Browne speaks."
(Image courtesy of Revival Ministries International)
“God loves a generous giver”
Gonyon asked the audience to provide their email address on registration cards and to follow Howard-Browne on Instagram.
He gave out gift cards for Howard-Browne’s religious products.
"And he plugged Howard-Browne’s upcoming book, Killing the Planet, which he said follows the history of corrupt economic institutions over the past 200 years."
"“It’s really the spirit of the Antichrist, is what it comes down to,” Gonyon said."
Gonyon then played an 18-minute promotional video of Howard-Browne’s evangelical career.
"Towards the end of the video, Howard-Browne prayed that those who donate money to his ministry will get credit before God for the souls his ministry saves."
"“God loves a generous giver,” Howard-Browne said in the video."
Gonyon praised his boss when the video ended.
"“One sows and one reaps and together we rejoice in the harvest, so that if you sow into this, whatever comes into this ministry’s account actually goes into your account."
It’s really amazing.”
"He then handed out offering envelopes and challenged people to do their “best gift for souls,” by either cash, cheque made out to RMI Canada, credit card or via smartphone."
"“I always tell people, don’t let the biggest cheque you ever wrote be for a Sea-Doo or a new phone … let it be to revive the church and win souls."
Amen?”
Many people filled and sealed the envelopes and put them into blue plastic beach buckets passed around.
Some looked at others and held the envelopes in their hands.
One Inuk woman folded the empty envelope and put it in her purse.
The call for donations comes in a city where poverty is widespread: Nearly half of Nunavut’s population relies on social assistance amidst long-standing crises in food security and housing.
"Howard-Browne did not respond to an interview request from Nunatsiaq News, so how much money was raised is unknown."
His net worth has been a closely kept secret but his website says he provides training sessions in 158 countries.
It also says people who enrol in his Aircraft Donation Program will receive tax breaks.
Gonyon told the audience to hold their offerings to Revival Ministries up in their hands.
"“Father, we just thank you for this offering, and we thank you for representing souls, that whatever comes into our account goes to their account,” Gonyon said."
Three one-foot-tall buckets of envelopes were collected.
Rodney Howard-Browne preaches over a woman who he is about to lay hands on.
Preacher counts Patterk Netser as a friend
"Fundamentalist Christian evangelism already has deep roots in Nunavut, with followers in almost every community."
"Bible conferences take place annually and, at least into the mid-2000s, were drawing bigger and bigger crowds."
"One advocate and organizer of such conferences, Roger Armbruster, told Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that the conferences are powerful magnets for those whose lives have been torn apart by abuse and addictions."
But Howard-Browne’s brand of capitalist and aggressive fundamental evangelism may be new to the territory.
"Patterk Netser, a long-time defender of fundamentalist Christianity and current Nunavut minister of housing and Arctic College, is what Howard-Browne calls one of his “Eskimo friends” who tell him climate change is a hoax."
"Netser declined an interview request by Nunatsiaq News but said, “Rodney is a friend of mine and we connect regularly.”"
"When asked to respond to Howard-Browne’s many run-ins with the media, which includes saying a U.S. Supreme Court Justice should be shot for insulting the American Constitution, Netser said, “What goes on in the States is none of my business."
My primary concerns are for my people and Nunavummiut.”
Rodney Howard-Browne preaches in Iqaluit on Aug. 27. (Image courtesy of Revival Ministries International)
“Tonight will be fire on ice”
"One hour into the event, Howard-Browne—the main act—took to the altar."
"“Tonight will be fire on ice,” the evangelist said to over 100 people, mostly Inuit, of all ages."
"“If you don’t want the fire, you better make a run for the door now while you can.”"
"Over the next hour, Howard-Browne’s voice rose and fell rhythmically."
He paused for effect and shouted for emphasis at times. And he told jokes.
"“I know I don’t look like I’m African, but it’s only because my parents kept me in the house most of the time, they never let me outside,” he said to scattered laughter."
“Moses was the first one to use a tablet.
He broke the first one and had to go out and get another one.
And Adam and Eve were the first ones to use an Apple product.”
"Howard-Browne rose to fame, in large part, for his laughing revival meetings where worshippers were seized with laughter for minutes at a time."
"His granddaughter was visited by the Holy Ghost when she was two years old, laughing for 12 minutes straight, Howard-Browne said."
Howard-Browne has been criticized by many in the international evangelical community.
He has been called a false teacher who substitutes Christian teachings with frenzied laughter and hysterical emotionalism. Howard-Browne has responded to that criticism by saying those who insult him are insulting the Holy Ghost and are therefore bound for hell.
"Arreak, the Iqaluit evangelist and singer who helped open the event, was the only member of the audience to be gripped by laughter during the sermon."
"“This is not a funeral, why are people sad?”"
Howard-Browne said.
Arreak laughed.
“We are serving Jesus and he is alive.”
Arreak laughed loudly.
"“I like this pastor,” he said to Arreak, whose sustained laughter grew even louder."
Howard-Browne laughed with her as others in the audience laughed softly.
“Such joy.
"With joy shall you draw forth water, out of the wells of salvation.”"
Arreak’s laughter hit a shrill pitch and echoed off the ceiling.
“This is legal.
Nobody’s going to be arrested tonight.”
"Arreak, who told Nunatsiaq News she refused to speak to media, whooped with more laughter."
"Howard-Browne also spoke in tongues, which he claimed was once understood in the obscure native dialect of a Papua New Guinea pastor."
“Man-gah-no-ra-pa-ta.
"Ran-bum-go-pah-tah,” he said."
Rodney Howard-Browne calls the audience around the altar to receive the fire of the Holy Ghost.
Not all laughs
But not everyone found Howard-Browne’s sermon captivating or funny.
He lashed out at those who tried to leave before the end of his sermon.
"Before he lay hands on a few audience members, Howard-Browne harangued two people as they left."
“Where are you going brother?
Hey.
Hey!
You leaving?”
Howard-Browne said to one man as he quietly left the church.
"“You come in here, you were filming with your phone and then you leave?"
Are you the reporter for the daily newspaper here?”
The audience laughed.
"“I wonder what he would do if I would run and grab him and bring him back in…. Find out who he is and why he’s filming and why he left,” he said to one of his staff."
"As he called the audience to the altar at the end of his sermon, Howard-Browne seized on two women sitting in the second row because he didn’t like the looks on their faces."
“Are you guys born again?
"What are you, Jehovah Witnesses?”"
The audience laughed.
“I’ve never seen people so indifferent sitting in the second row.
"So you can either jump in with the rest, or you may be better than everybody else.”"
The two women stood up and began walking out of the church.
“I’m just asking a question.
"I do this, you know, this is my job."
I know what body language is.
Don’t scoff at me.
It’s not a joke.
The whole of the Arctic depends on what is happening here tonight.”
Event staff told the audience not to take pictures or recordings.
"Meanwhile, they photographed the entire event."
That included running up to people who were sobbing as Howard-Browne laid hands on them and taking close-up pictures.
"A photo album on Revival Ministries International’s website shows pictures of nameless audience members at their most vulnerable—pained facial expressions, eyes closed, mouths wide open, or collapsing to the floor."
A woman on whom Howard-Browne just laid hands lies crying on the floor beneath a thin blanket.
"In front of her, Howard-Browne and his staff advance to lay hands on an Inuit couple."
Event originally scheduled for St. Jude’s
"The event was originally scheduled to be held at St. Jude’s Anglican Cathedral in Iqaluit, but was changed at the last minute."
"That change came from those who invited Howard-Browne, a receptionist at St. Jude’s said."
"David Parks, the Anglican priest of the Arctic, said that he didn't know that Mr. Hawker-Brown was going to be acting in St. Jude."
"If he knew, he said he would have resigned because he said that he was going to do so much."
"As a result, the Anglican Diocese did not meet the requirements for approval for the Bishop's event, Ms. Powers says.
"The Anglican Church deals with something that knows respects, and deals with other churches, Passon says."
"There's no" but there's respect for each other, and there's no way that you're doing things that don't care about religion and the churches. "
It's a different project.
"I'm not here to live up to the beliefs that they want.
"If religion were to be held in the winter, what would happen in the north," it says attendance.
"I don't come to the invitation.
"If you have a good light, you have to be welcomed."
"With a lack of attendance, Canada formally launched a new northern policy document."
The Liberal Government says that this new policy establishes a "major change" direction.
"Many vegetables from Cape Dorset, Nunavut."
"When the federal government announced the election day, the Liberal Government issued a long awaited Northern Strategy."
(Photo)
Byron Jim Bell
"Before the Canada Election started, the Liberal Government, without a presence, initiated a long awaited northern and northern policy framework on September 10."
"This document, introduced the first phase of the event, will replace the Prime Minister Stephen Harper's 2009 Northern Strategy and the Government of Canada's 2010 Northern Strategy.
This is designed to guide the Government of Canada's policy up to 2030 but there is no implementation plan or political direction for future action.
"These projects in the second phase of the project, action plans state"
"Despite this, this initiative from Caroline Prentice, the Minister responsible for Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development, indicated that this policy document has been produced" major changes to the federal government. "
The tabling of this policy has been delayed as expected.
"This winter, Patrick announced that this policy would be introduced in June."
The CBC news release earlier this month indicated that a news release was scheduled to be issued in $ellowknife in August.
"The Liberal Government's eight" goals "include" action plans, "and 10 (10)" Framework. "
"It talks about a number of policies, including community and regional economic development, infrastructure, aboriginal rights, environmental protection, Canadian lawyers and wildlife policies."
"The Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, on December 20, 2016 announced that the Government of Nunavut would be developing a new policy, which stated, and I quote," in consultation with the northern governments and aboriginal organizations. "
"As a result, over 25 aboriginal groups, including the Government of Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, the Northwest Territories, the Northwest Territories, Manitoba, Quebec, and Newfoundland, participated in the decision making."
"In co-operation with Canada's North and the Northern Policy Strategy, our partners assisted us in identifying and promoting non-existent rights and practices in various regions, responsibilities and residency rights across the north, she stated in her news release.
"Some of the partners also wrote their actions, which have been developed in a separate manual document."
Some comments do not refer to the Federal Government policy.
"For example, the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, the Government of Nunavut, the Government of the Northwest Territories and the three territorial governments have jointly provided their own language services."
But there is some activity.
These letters that have been given to the parties may not be able to represent the Federal Government policy.
This is an indication that the federal government may be in a conflict of interest agreement with more than 31 partners.
"While this action document is part of the process, it is not clear what the views are from the federal government or other partners," the action document states.
The document also indicated that the approval process was difficult.
"The theme, goals and objectives of the meeting reflects many ideas and ideas."
What this means is that there was an agreement between the federal government and Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada. "
I'm just wondering if you can find a solid waste management policy here because I see it here.
8 objectives
"There are eight goals of action, which demonstrates federal commitments."
"A strong, sustainable, diversified and sustainable economy."
Canada's North and the Arctic indigenous people can continue to apply and be healthy.
In Canada's Arctic and the Arctic people live in a safe and secure environment.
A stronger business environment than the rest of Canada.
The Acts are based on northern experiences and opportunities.
Knowledge and understanding strategies for decision making.
I live in Canada's Arctic and the northern economy is healthy and sustainable.
Achieving solutions is a step towards continuing and respecting aboriginal and non-aboriginal peoples.
These goals begin with a variety of "initiatives" that have been identified.
Ten major principles
"These goals and objectives, policies which outline the principles under which they are designed to" continue to be guided by the implementation of the program. "
"The decisions on the north will be made in co-operation and involving northern residents, the rights and the needs of northern businesses."
"The rights and positions of federal, provincial, aboriginal and municipal governments will be respected."
"Development must be used and respected, social, cultural, economic and environmentally."
"Meeting with aboriginal people on an ongoing basis, using the work of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission as a start, will be a success."
"Although climate change is very important in this area, actions will be taken by a number of stakeholders, including the impact that they have had on aboriginal peoples, the ongoing use of wildlife, economic opportunities, and food."
"The policy and program delivery will mark the differences and standardization, and will be used to deliver programs such as the Women's Initiative (Greger-d'Or) which may affect a variety of lifestyles."
"This program is designed to take into account a variety of factors such as the rights, interests and conditions of Inuit, the north of First Nations and Mexico, to be clear and implemented."
"The Government of Canada recognizes that Inuit, First Nations and First Nations are aboriginal peoples of Canada, in a variety of ways, the rights of communities, individuals, including the federal government."
"Work towards working together based on their rights, respect, co-operation such as promoting the needs, priorities and circumstances of individuals."
"All organizations, such as stand alone university and post-secondary institutions, such as non-profit organizations, community organizations and individuals from across Canada, have a significant role to play in building a stronger Canadian Arctic."
Nunavut's cancer screening program encourages the territorial cancer tax rates to increase the rate "everything."
Ms. Leona Aglukkaq talks about her campaign promises for Nunavut.
"Hon. Leona Aglukkaq, Nunavut's chief cancer candidate, shows that the Province of Ontario's Chief Medical Officer Andrew Arrangement of Iqaluit's Sylvia Grinnell Park visit to the City on June 19."
(filmmak)
Leah Doherty
"In order for the Nunavut Cancer Foundation to become a Canadian Government, it would reduce the carbon tax because" costs go up everything. "
Leona Aglukkaq started her campaign in Nunavut.
She began her career as the Chief Justice of Nunavut in Iqaluit on September 12 at the Frobisher Inn.
After that flight to Rankin Inlet the next day he will return to Iqaluit next week.
The Nunatsiaq News had an opportunity to speak to Ms. Aglukark when she was in Iqaluit.
"The tax on carbon taxes" raises the cost of air travel, goods, transportation, hunting and home ownership "which is called the Aglukkaq campaign poster.
Ms. Aglukark also stated in Nunatsiaq News that this is a problem that affects daycares and elders "homes with the increased heating fuel.
"All products are affected by this smoke tax."
Ms. Aglukkaq said that.
"While we can't afford to pay taxes, it means that they can't speak to the computer."
"However, Mr. George Hickes, the Minister of Finance, announced in May of this year that an agreement with Ottawa, the power and theviation fuel in Nunavut has been owned by the Canada Revenue Agency has not been included."
The Government of Nunavut and the Government of Nunavut contribute half of the payroll tax to Nunavummiut.
"Ms. Aglukkaq's nomination for Nunavut has four priorities: increased expenditures, housing, mental health and construction."
"How can the government and the private sector and the Government of Nunavut work together to address this huge need in the north?"
"The priority of Ms. Aglukkaq's campaign is to develop a strategy to address housing needs, elder housing and disabilities."
"The federal and provincial governments must also take into account ways to promote self-reliance, especially in Nunavut."
Ms. Aglukkaq also mentioned the Arctic Inspiration Centre and Mental Health Training for Nunavummiut.
"Nunavut is a vast territory with a deep sea port in Canada and we have been left behind by the use of marine infrastructure in our territory, so we have to think about the major activities like this in the Arctic."
"We must address the housing needs, build capacity for Nunavummiut in mental health services in our communities."
"When she was asked to change the federal Nutrition North program, Ms. Aglukkaq stated that the cost of carbon tax has increased as a result of the increase in the cost of food."
"When she was asked whether this program was being used, and if not, what would happen to this tax other than, she said that she would talk to the Nutrition North Canada Advisory Board."
"He said that once the union becomes a government, the board would always be there."
"It is important that we have people in the north who can tell the government how to improve the program.
This is not a very good program.
Everything is bad in the world.
But there should be a subsidy for northern food. "
"Ms. Aglukkaq didn't want to be specific as to how I would be able to tell her about the Nutrition North Canada Program, but she said that there needs to be a subsidy for food and the" deletion "would not help.
"Recently, samples released by Health Canada's Health Indicator's magazine revealed that there is a higher level of food in Nunavut through the Nutrition North Canada Program, as described in the Canada Community Health Assessment."
"Ms. Aglukark indicated that her work as the Minister of Environment would help to reduce climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but she didn't really say how to deal with it."
He indicated that he would be supporting the Kivalliq water supply line and the Grey Lake road and the Kitikmeot breakwater.
"Are we going to run out of fuel in the near future?
"No."
"When Mr. Andrew Cherry came to Iqaluit last June, he said that Nunavut needs to develop a recycling program, and he said," It's very difficult to get it right now through the Liberal Government. "
Ms. Aglukkaq stated that she believes that the policies have already been developed to consult with Inuit on the recycling program and that it will be developed.
"The Nunavut Land Claims Agreement provides information on how businesses should be dealt with in the north.
"It protects our land, protects our waters, protects our wildlife."
"It has already been set up to meet the needs of how to do business.
It has been very important and we have to be proud of it.
"And the decisions about the North must come from the people of the north, not from Ottawa."
"Aglukkaq's capital was left behind in Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on September 19 of this year.
"He also plans to travel to Pangnirtung, Qikiqtarjuaq and Clyde River prior to his arrival."
Members will be seeking a new Nunavut Languages Commissioner.
Mr. Hawker is retiring from his position for health.
"The Legislative Assembly of Nunavut will be seeking new Nunavut's Languages Commissioner, after her retirement."
The Office of the Languages Commissioner started in 2017.
Nunatsiaq News
"The Nunavut Legislative Assembly will be seeking a new Languages Commissioner, after the retirement of Helen Clarke's position."
"Hall Beach, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut started in June 2017, recently resigned from the health care system."
"The Languages Commissioner plays an important role in the work of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut and prepares her report to the Legislative Assembly, so that the current Legislative Assembly will replace her."
"This will be done through the Management and Services Board, which is a committee of the Legislative Assembly that is responsible for the administration of the Legislative Assembly's affairs, Mr. Speaker, the Honourable Simeon Mikkungwak commented on September 17."
"" I think that the Management and Services Board will begin the process of hiring this position in the near future and we will inform them if we need to do something about it. "
"The Languages Commissioner's position, under the mandate of the Official Languages Act, provides that language rights are monitored in Nunavut."
"Katherine was appointed in 2017 for almost a year, while Sandra Inutiq retired in June 2016."
Mr. Inutiq retired after his month's presentation to the Qikiqtani General Hospital as saying that the hospital does not have a language policy and services for Inuktitut and French speaking people.
He also indicated that the Deputy Minister of Health submitted an annual report on the review.
"At the end of the day, the Standing Committee issued a competition for three positions prior to appointment in Greenland."
"In 2017, the Languages Commissioner had a one-year term of approximately $119,000 to $170,000 per year, with a northern allowance of $15,016 per year, with a 25-day holiday and other benefits."
Canada's Inuit Association for increased activity in the Inuit homeland
"The Inuit Tapirisat of Canada's national campaign priorities include reducing the gap between fairness, construction, Inuit owned businesses."
The Canadian Association's interest in building a larger range of activities for Inuit communities is "equally reflected in the development of a national transportation link or a highway link between the eastern part of Canada."
The Canadian Inuit Association recently announced that anyone in Canada would take over the federal government's responsibility: initiating a major national waste management program in the Inuit homelands "that will provide a level playing field for the development of a national transportation link or a highway link between Canada's Eastern Arctic."
"With the support of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, they presented nine priorities for the candidates" consideration of the federal election campaign. "
"The Inuit homeland is untapped across Canada.
"Inuit are using equality with other Canadians, as well as other Canadians in the Inuit homelands," "Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami reported on CBC News.
"In addition to this, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami issued a press release outlining their interests to the federal government in the next 2020 budget, which I am sure will be released in February or March."
The Makimaniq Plan strongly recommends that the next government of Canada continue to implement the Inuit Land Claims Agreement for Inuit.
"The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami advises all provincial and territorial governments to work towards implementing the Inuit Land Claims Agreement for all levels of government, so that people can access and benefit from policies, programs, and activities intended to our people," the Inuit Tapirisat of Canada's President Nathan was proud to announce in the media. "
Each of these two documents consist of the following items:
Advertising of all 51 Inuit communities using Pauktuutit's Television Network prior to its arrival in 2031.
Restricted equipment problems in the Inuit area until 2030.
That the construction delays be completely complete in all four Inuit communities over the next two years.
"Restorative Care Facilities."
Recommend family violence shelters and temporary housing.
More money will be spent on people with mental health and suicide prevention.
Nine of these priorities include:
1.
To deal with social issues and suicide prevention.
Item 2.
deal with housing so that everyone on the waiting list will be able to get housing in the Inuit homeland after two years of being elected.
Item 3.
"To deal with energy and climate change, make sure that Canadians get out of gas before this 2050."
Item 4.
To work towards strengthening Inuit-federal partnerships;
Item 5.
"To work towards building employment and economic self-reliance, beginning with the creation of a northern infrastructure program, which will be accessible to all four Inuit communities, beginning with a contribution of $1 billion."
Item 6.
Ensuring that education programs are standardized for Inuit and non-Inuit.
Item 7.
"Implement regulations that have been passed by the grants and contributions of Canada to investigate missing and murdered aboriginal women, including 46 Inuit specific legal obligations."
Item 8.
Address food shortages and lack of food.
Item 9.
Addressing the needs of Inuit in science.
"The Inuit Tapirisat of Canada has a culture that doesn't deal with regional issues, and they haven't supported any of them."
"In the last CBC report, from September 20, the Liberal Court of Canada and the Supreme Court of Canada issued a news release.
"This elections study, which is a collection of all public consultations, is currently being conducted, which represents a 34.7 percent support, by the Liberal Government of 34.1 percent, New Brunswick's 13.5 percent, and is Greenpeace 9.6 percent, which represents 4.4 percent of Canada's capital plan."
The elections study and it states that the Liberals have more opportunity to have more seats.
"The federal election will be held on Monday, October 21."
Nunavut has a new polar bear management plan: Nunavut Wildlife Management Board (NWMB)
"We will do what we can to make sure that this is done before the hunting season is over."
"Nunavut's new polar bear management plan establishes a total allowable harvest for male and female bears in all of Nunavut's polar bears, which indicated that the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board."
(photographer Jane George)
Sincerely, Jane George
Cambridge Bay-GN agrees with the new polar bear management plan.
This was a news release from the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board members at the Kitikmeot Wildlife Management Board meeting in Cambridge Bay last week.
"The initial start of this new polar bear management plan is the TAH for male and female polar bear populations in Nunavut, which is the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board's chair, Mr. Dan Shewchuk, spoke to the delegates."
"The meeting in Cambridge Bay is the first of three regional wildlife board meetings to take place and Jason Akeeagok, who is the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board's manager, to attend."
Mr. Akeeagok stated that the polar bear management plan was "much work done."
"We're going to do what we can to make sure that this is done before the hunting season is over."
"This plan has been considered for nearly five years, and it has been announced that it will be developing a plan in March for the Iqaluit Wildlife Management Board."
The plan is up to 2029.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a young woman who is watching the ocean near Arctic Bay.
"In this new polar bear management plan, the polar bear threatening kills in three communities will reduce their voices."
(x-rays)
"In all circumpolar countries in 19 countries, polar bears, 12 times more than Nunavut."
Polar bear quotas have been established by region (e.g. male polar bears and the harvesting of polar bears have been included in the total allowable harvest for each community.
"Although this new plan does not increase the total allowable harvest at this time, a new total allowable harvest may be considered as a result of the new quota system."
"In the previous plan, Nunavut communities were allowed to harvest one female polar bear with two tags harvested through the annual polar bear tag system."
"This was done only here in the Baffin Bay polar bear population, where the same number of females and males can be harvested.
At least half of the tags would be issued.
This new polar bear quota can be harvested if it is required.
"The increase in polar bear populations has been a concern for Nunavut residents with the passing of two polar bears last fall in the Kivalliq region. However, under the current management plan, the protection of the polar bear, if this is a female, then there would be two tags used."
Therefore some of the communities do not have any tags to protect the polar bears.
"This new plan allows communities to reduce polar bear exports, as Mr. Shewchuk stated in Nunatsiaq News.
"However, in the past he stated that polar bears are threatening the Inuit way of life and life, because they are destroying the cabins, the ears and seals."
The delegates from Cambridge Bay welcomed the changes to the polar bear management plan.
The community was also pleased that there will be five more posters for grizzly bears.
There was a big mass that happened in August and it was shot and it's too close to the cabins here in Mittimatalik.
"In other words, for the new polar bear management plan there may be other considerations."
"The future of polar bears is unclear because of climate change, through the end of the 2018 report of the Special Committee on the States of Endangered Species in Canada.
It means that polar bears are at risk and that they should be lost.
The standing committee extends the time for submission of Bill 25
The Standing Committee will be receiving comments from this until October 11th.
"John Main, Chair of the Standing Committee on Legislation, stated that the Standing Committee would extend the public consultation process on Bill 25 and that the Standing Committee would review the Act."
From Toronto
"The Nunavut Legal Services Board will continue to receive comments from the public on Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act from October 11."
Last but not least, there were comments on September 13.
"My colleagues and I would like to thank Nunavummiut for their views on this very important piece of legislation," the Chair of the Standing Committee, John Main, stated on Thursday, September 26 through a news release.
A person was invited to submit written submissions to the Standing Committee on Bill 25, which was introduced during the Standing Committee's spring sitting in June.
The second reading was passed and is referred to a standing committee for review.
"The Committee met in mid-September to review the Act, as well as the submissions made by the public on this matter."
The standing committee also announced an extension of the review of Bill 25 during the fall sitting of the Legislative Assembly to allow for the use of telehealth during the first two weeks of November.
"The Minister of Education and the witnesses will have had the opportunity to appear before the Committee for their findings, which will allow Nunavummiut to watch what we are doing," Mr. Main spoke to the media.
"Bill 25 is a territory-wide initiative, a 20-year plan, which will provide Inuktitut language instruction in schools from kindergarten to grade 12."
"At the same time, the Act would introduce the Inuit Language Protection Act as part of the Education Act, and extend the period for the implementation of bilingual education programs such as grades 4 to 12 that have been developed for action after July 1, 2000."
"A detailed vision and action plan for the committee's review will be made available in a timely manner, in the news release."
"The Parliament will meet again in the fall on Thursday, October 17."
"Comments will be received from this meeting from 5 o'clock on Friday, October 11."
All of these discussions will be publicly released in the fall sitting.
General comments may include:
"John Main, MLA"
"Chair, Standing Committee on Legislation"
Nunavut Court of Justice
Editors of Hansard
"Iqaluit, Nunavut"
0H0
Tel (867) 975-5000
Tel (867) 975-5191
Website: www.assembly.nu.ca
The Inuit Tapirisat Dictionary - Advertisement and Appeal
Our contributions today are for our children and future generations.
The Roman orthography is used for all of Canada.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has stated that they will not replace the syllabics and they will continue to use syllabics in other regions.
ITK has also stated that they're not going to change the traditional writing system.
Byron Metuq
"I was very proud to hear that the partnership between Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami unanimously agreed to the new Inuktitut writing system, with the name of the Inuktut Tasiujayak-Gro-Gro that was successful in the quest."
The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami means "unity in Canada's Inuit population" and there are many examples of more energy-efficient people between our people and share their shared interests in the survival of our culture and language.
That's good to hear at this time.
"In June of 2011, when I was the president of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, we announced our commitment to renewing our education program."
"We developed a national campaign focusing on Inuit youth's 10-day education system with a goal of creating a 'A" B "model that focuses on sharing our children with the skills they need to learn," in both Inuktitut and English.
A-14 of our recommendations included the possibility of an integrated public record.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. O'Brien's team has been in Canada for many years trying to reach his dream and reach a new dream.
Mr. Speaker, the Inuit Language Authority in every community was guided by the Inuujaq School's Studio.
This means having one writing system in every Inuit language that is relevant.
The use of this new writing system will improve.
"The Tanya Enterprises will not replace and preserve the community's traditional way of doing things, as it is designed to participate in the same spelling system that enhances the use of traditional Inuit language."
Our contribution today is for our children and future generations.
I can now see that the people of Nunavut will be better able to communicate with each other and share information about the writing system and the quality of education that is going to be very important to our children and our children in high school so that they will be able to use both English and Inuktitut.
"We have a world-wide economy that faces many of our society's society's challenges.
But today we are here.
Over the past few years we have had to review our experiences to find out who we are today and why we are at today's G1N1.
I don't believe that we're going to have to go back to that one or the future.
The use of Inuktut such as Roman orthography comprehension in Canada's public service means that we all want to move forward together as one.
"The Gloria" was eight years ago when we started developing a national program for Inuit education, we were able to pass on the language of a "B" in Inuktitut which would mean all people, no matter where they come from. "
To me that gives me an opportunity to see everything in the system that is not true in the barriers.
"Our language and our identity are protected, our language is healthy."
I am hopeful that we will be able to use all of the Inuktitut terminology and writing system and move forward with the G1N1 cases and we will be sharing our own resources with each other.
"Mayor Simon was the former President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami in 2011 in the creation of Canada's goal of Inuit Education, which included a recommendation to establish a single writing system for the Inuit language."
The Commission apologizes to Quebec Premier.
"A number of statutes, policies, practices or departmental practices are used differently and consistently."
"Quebec Premier Frank Leblanc apologized to First Nations and Inuit in Northern Quebec on October 2, following a news release on the contradiction of the Department of Public Service."
(South Baffin)
"As such, the Quebec Government has not exercised its responsibilities to aboriginal peoples.
"Liza apologized for her first 142 decision-made during the National Aboriginal Law Conference on Wednesday, October 2nd, two days ago by the Supreme Court of Canada, the former Chief Justice of the Northwest Territories.
"It's not acceptable."
He said that he would look at all the decisions and find out exactly why there is a difference.
"A number of statutes, policies, practices or departmental practices differ from each other and result in a lack of consistency in the delivery of essential services to First Nations and Inuit," Mr. Ferris stated in his September 30th report.
"The consultation focused on aboriginal issues with the RCMP, legal practices, corrections, health and social services, and youth protection services."
Lucy Greg was an Inuk speaker for the Friends Commission.
"In this case, in November 2018 during the consultation period."
(photographer Sarry)
"The Tuqtarvik community governments made a report saying that it is important to consider the recommendations, to improve cooperation between aboriginal people and the Quebec Government."
"In particular, the Hall Beach community government strongly urged the government to take this decision into account the possibility of a videoconferencing of offenders in smaller communities, where the Government of Quebec has consulted with Quebec City."
"The Tuqtarvik has a government-wide responsibility to work closely with all levels of government and other RIAs on the implementation of the Commission's recommendations," which indicated that the department's communities are co-chaired through the media.
Nunavut's Department of Health and Social Services also responded to this report indicating that the Member's ongoing concern with the Commission's comments on health and social services and child protection services.
The need for support and management of health and social services was also raised by members during the study.
"We look forward to the Quebec Government's next report on the activities, and in this spirit of co-operation that they have in place," it states that the Executive Director, Mr. Greg October 2 of this report. "
Members were also pleased with the Commission's Report on Quebec City's work to address the 142 decision-making.
Makivik President Charlie Ford also spoke about the research that was done in Nunavik and stated that on October 1st in the news that Inuit were able to speak in the sciences.
"In a number of cases, people spoke to the Commission's activities in the areas of health, justice, social services, youth protection, traditional conflicts and other government services," For example.
"Despite the report's response," according to its original recommendation - Quebec's apology to Inuit and First Nations about the differences in the public service of our people - it is our view that we are being heard. "
The three regulatory bodies are committed to ensuring that Nunavut's cup of crude oil continues until 2030.
"This is a tremendous commitment."
The students are walking from four December in Iqaluit on September 27 including the World Climate Change Strategy.
Three federal candidates announced that they would be stopping Nunavut's coffers from purchasing our electricity by 2030.
(filmmak)
Wayne Taparti
"During this federal election, three federal counterparts announced that Nunavut's use of December's diesel fuel will stop until 2030."
"At present, all 25 communities in Nunavut currently have diesel generators that are operated by the Qulliq Energy Corporation, except the Power Corporation of Canada that does not only have an electrical generator in their community."
Change of this nature would be significant and costly.
"A much-needed commitment" is Martha Lloyd, Northern Recycling Program Officer for the World Wildlife Fund.
"It might be possible, just to do a little bit more."
Mr. Green's campaign promise is to "Implement renewable energy sources."
"By 2030, all of Canada's renewable energy resources will be in place."
This includes smaller communities such as Jet A-1 fuel distribution. "
"The Liberal Government indicated that it would, and I quote," move forward with funding to ensure that residents of the communities are removed from petroleum products until such time as they are able to take advantage of clean, renewable energy sources like hydro, wind, and solar power after 2030. "
The New Deloitte Touche "said, and I quote," aimed at providing Canada's alternative energy sources from non-renewable energy following the arrival of 2030... "This non-renewable energy is a community-based solution and creates job opportunities.
"We will assist in applying for projects such as community-owned and controlled energy projects that will allow residents and qualified residents, and work with aboriginal and circumpolar communities to reduce greenhouse gas emissions."
"Through the Department of Environment and Climate Change Canada reports released earlier this year, Nunavut has less than 1 percent of this change.
"In 2017, Nunavut was created with a total of 0.6 cents per litre of greenhouse gas emissions (carbon-diesel), such as 18,000 vehicles."
"At the same time this year, Alberta, which is one of Canada's largest greenhouse gas emissions, was published here in Nunavut, which represents over 84 million vehicles."
"Although that's the case, Nunavut has seen that greenhouse gas emissions have increased by 30 percent since 2005, the largest increase in Canada and Alberta has almost doubled, and this is the second increase in that same area."
"Despite changing energy efficiency, these three lawyers are trying to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, which would have an impact on Canada's greenhouse gas emissions."
The communities have this equipment.
"Nunavummiut pay the highest rate of electricity in every other jurisdiction in Canada, and the funding for energy will reduce this rate."
"However, action on renewable energy projects may not only result in a balance between expenditures incurred by existing utilities."
"Last month, the World Wildlife Board released a report which talks about how energy can be used in all 25 Nunavut communities."
"It was noted that a reduction of 8 percent is primarily due to risk projects or other sources of revenue - Baker Lake, Coral Harbour, Iqaluit, and Rankin Inlet would result in savings if they moved 20 percent of the department's recycling program, including an immediate payment of approximately 15 years."
The study also indicated that 16 other communities have subsidized 4 percent of the Qulliq Energy Corporation's borrowing limits - and that approximately $2 million could be used for subsidies and 20 percent of the cost of moving it.
"However, the report only talks about the feasibility of these projects, simply deciding that moving more energy-efficient technology could be cheaper than current power rates."
However, moving from community capacity to renewable and energy-related projects would be a significant undertaking.
"It would require consultation, and it would have to start next year to meet the energy needs of all communities."
"They would have to go to the communities, work with them on what they would like to do, and how the communities envision energy, to find out what their priorities would be and what their priorities are in regards to camping and hunting."
"This does not include the development of such technologies as solar or wind power, which could be undertaken over a two-year period to collect, or projects undertaken by the Qulliq Energy Corporation to determine the feasibility of recycling of renewable energy."
"The transfer of 100 percent of the community's renewable energy resources, while ensuring that the three lawyers who are trying to become lawyers will not only work on a long-term basis but will require significant investment."
"In the case of New Brunswick and the Liberal Government, they haven't informed us how much money they would be giving to the transfer, but the Green Shield fans said last week.
"As part of the campaign activity report, Mr. Green announced that he would be providing $150 million over the next five years for the decentralization of all the outpost camps and other northern communities, not just Nunavut-Deming Oil and Gas."
It's not right.
"Mr. Romanow indicated that if a community like Arctic Bay were to transfer or at least 60 percent of its energy infrastructure, operating costs would be about $27.8 million."
"In this same report, for other communities such as 60 percent of the use of renewable energy, they would have to use a higher level."
"In Iqaluit, the idea is that it would cost approximately $148 million."
"Although it's clear that it's smaller than the $250 million to $500 million power rates that were considered by the city, this would apply to one community, Mr. Green's request."
"Let's not expect the Federal Government to fully pay for these projects, but they also said that they would work on it and how it would be done and it would be very difficult."
"Looking at the 2030 limit, it's not going to take too much time."
"For solar power, I think it would be a two-year project."
"For wind energy, it is anticipated that it will be a five to seven-year project," it states that it will be asked how much energy will be involved. "
"Looking at the deadlines and breaking them down by 25 communities and if they're going to be treated at the same time, the land is not always available.
"" I think it's going to make a big difference.
"Even if we don't reach 100 percent, there is a lot of interest."
"Please note that this book refers to the federal candidates" essays: Roy Green, Ambassador Patsy and New Brunswick Debite. "
"When this book was developed, the airlines still haven't made an announcement as to what they were running for, so they are not included in this report."
Subject: Operations under Early Childhood and Childcare Issues
We must recognize the importance of early childhood and child care workers in Nunavut.
"Melanie Williamson, Chairperson of the Footprints Day Board, is seeking additional support from the Government of Nunavut for quality early childhood education and early childhood programs based on Inuit language and culture."
Nunatsiaq News
Correspondence to the Premier of Nunavut Joe Savikataaq and the Minister of Education, David Joanasie, and Minister of Education
I am one of the people who are part of the Inuit traditional language and culture.
"As the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of Tukivik, the only Inuktitut language school for early childhood education in Iqaluit and this is the only one in Iqaluit that provides daycare services to Nunavut children who already speak Inuktitut."
"The Footprints Enterprises closed from August 21 to September 12, 2019 due to a lack of staff and as well, they have been operating with a shortage of staff for almost a year."
"There are not very many applicants at the Foot High School (Iqaluit) with the highest rate of child care expenses, employees who do not have income support, who do not have housing because they are seen as having the highest rate of women working in the daycare as they are seen."
"The day-care centre is open again, but it's a very urgent function; we lost our staff and a very good staff member who resigned."
"We now have one full-time position, full-time child care worker, two full-time child care worker, and each of the parents work at the daycares on a case-by-case basis to determine whether or not every child has been charged with a full-time job, a full-time job, a certified position."
"This process is not always normal, but as parents, we believe that our children should be safe and speak Inuktitut in order to keep the interview process open."
It's still at risk to close it down.
"Nunavut's day-care system can't make any money at this time because the daycare staff are expected to receive one of the most important child-related services for early childhood education, based on Inuit culture and language, despite the low cost of living and lack of support."
The non-profit organizations rely on a wide variety of sources of funding each year, as well as a number of volunteers who run the day-care program.
"The daycare workers are having a hard time getting paid and they don't have any benefits, they are not properly trained for their jobs and they are not provided housing for the staff."
Daycare staff have now been asked to work under the requirements of their own financial or family maintenance.
It's been very difficult for our daycares because of the unique needs of our staff to have the knowledge and skills to promote and preserve the Inuit language and culture of our children; Footprints hired only in Inuktitut.
We have 100 percent Inuit employment.
However, our staff turnover rate continues to be a challenge. We are faced with staffing shortages due to lack of competitiveness and benefits.
"Whereas, it affects early childhood education and early childhood education."
The Inuit have to be supported in this area and they should be able to teach our language and culture to our children.
The Government of Nunavut should consider how they can better assist them in providing quality early childhood education and childcare facilities that are based on Inuit language and culture.
"A valuable early childhood and childcare workers are paid to compete in public and social assistance, including housing, vacation, and education programs."
Footprints' vision to expand the daycare facility to meet the needs of the public and provide more programs so that more Inuit children can be placed.
"We're currently looking for a bigger daycare facility so that we can proceed with our vision and that's why we have raised approximately $80,000 for a new facility."
The proposed amendments to the Government of Nunavut:
"Combining early childhood and child care workers into the public service as part of the Government of Nunavut's collective agreement with the Government of Nunavut's Payroll Tax, based on the Government of Nunavut's 8 categories, which are used by employees of the Nunavut school system;
into account the operations and maintenance costs of day-care facilities in Nunavut within the education system;
"Provide benefits for early childhood and child care workers but not limited to short term measures including long-term sick leave, vacation, bilingual bonus, parental leave and housing."
establish a society to support all daycares in Nunavut;
In partnership with daycares, as soon as possible, to address some of the critical challenges we face, we will work together to develop a long-term strategy for the delivery of child care programs.
We must recognize the value of early childhood and child care workers in Nunavut are valuable to the staff.
We want to make sure that our daycares are fully staffed and that all staff are on income support.
Since then we have to keep our daycares open.
"The operations of the childcare system will be changed to ensure that Nunavut's early childhood and child care workers will be able to focus on their careers and will be able to move forward with early childhood education and childcare programs in order to achieve the best possible quality of life for children, including the ability to learn Inuktitut, build a strong foundation for Inuit culture, and participate fully in Canada."
"Titiraliritti"
Leslie Williams Paradis
"Mr. Chairman, Footprints Studio (Iqaluit Daycare Society) Board of Directors)."
Do you recognize these people that are on the picture?
"I know this picture is too old."
"In this document, behind the picture, was filmed in Kugluktuk, Nunavut's English name was Coppermine-May 18, 1930."
This written letter found that his grandfather's artifacts died and he wanted to find out from those individuals that he could identify.
I found this picture when my grandfather died.
"Her name was Dr. Jamie Jamie Jamieson, and I knew she was a nurse at the Canadian Rangers" National Air Canada in the Second World War, who is here for the business of Newfoundland and Goose Bay, Labrador.
"I'm not sure when he got this picture or a list of J.W.nu. in the back of the picture, but I didn't know if a northern resident knew about it."
"I know this picture has been taken for a long time, but it would be recognized... or if they were included in those pictures that would be requested."
"Keep in mind.
Silas Haulli
"North Bay, an old Ontario resident who now lives in Prince Edward Island."
This word is written down on the Inuit women's side.
Inuit Language rights were raised at the Montreal televised hearing.
"It's called the Inuit Cultural Learning Program.
"NTI's name is Alookie Kunilusie, to my right, speaks about a word called" Inuktut "on Thursday October 3," in the Inuit Cultural Training Conference in Montreal.
"With me is Mr. Louis Tapardjuk, a member of the Inuit Language Authority, the Nunavut Language Authority."
Even though there are no interpreters, they keep speaking in Inuktitut.
(photographer Lisa Graham)
Redisa Graham is not being used from Nunatsiaq News
"The Montreal Centennial Gallery was a very strong voice on Thursday, October 3rd, where Inuit attended the 21th Inuit Cultural Summit to hear two Inuit leaders speaking about why the Inuktitut language rights in Nunavut were not accepted."
"Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated President Aluki Kovic and Louis Tapardjuk, former Government of Nunavut Minister and a board member of the Inuit Language Authority, Nunavut's Languages Commissioner, attended a timely and unprecedented chair of the Inuit Language Authority."
"The photographers are designed to promote Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated's website, providing videoconferencing options for English-speaking speakers, and attended an all-Inuktitut speaking audience."
"Kirt welcomed the witnesses and started speaking in Inuktitut, and sometimes they accepted their headaches and turned around."
"The unilingual Inuktitut-speaking person who wrote this letter was just sitting idle and looking at it."
Some people left out.
Some people are just trying to listen to the telephone system and they are working on the English version.
There was no English.
Welcome to the beautiful community for many people in Nunavut.
"It's called the Inuit Cultural Immersion Day and it was like this, especially when we were talking about the Inuit language, we wanted to use the Inuit language," Mr. Curley said at the beginning.
"Louis and I discussed this and we know that there won't be any interpreters but we felt that it was important to use our language when we talk about helping and promoting our language development."
"The Circumpolar Conference, which brings northern expertise from northern and southern Canada, started recently, involves more Inuktitut-speaking speakers and professionals, focusing on Inuit needs and dealing with Inuit and non-Inuit students."
"This Inuktitut meeting, in regards to language rights, seemed to be the focus of this process."
Mr. Quirke's opening comments indicated that there were many pieces of legislation to promote and protect the Inuktitut language in Nunavut and that there were more Inuit and more speaking people.
"These Acts are made under the International Women's Day (Jonah Nelson) and the Official Languages Act)."
"Kirt identified a number of recent Inuit deaths, part-time language and culturally relevant marine infrastructure, such as Annie Kootoo, who passed away in 2017, and this 15-year-old elder Kooneeloosie, who passed away in the same winter."
"Inuit want to have a good life and they have a human right.
"The Canadians do not have to die due to the lack of access and services at the same level as other Canadians," Kirt wrote a letter saying.
In his Minister's Statement, Mr. Tapardjuk talked about a recent event in Iqaluit where an RCMP officer approached an elder about the adopted son who died from the youth centre.
This lady is alone and cannot speak English.
Mr. Tapardjuk stated that the RCMP had to stop the vehicle to get assistance to inform the public about bad news.
"There were a number of things that could have been done through this report.
"Many Inuit in English and Inuktitut are invited to work with them.
"We are considered to be interpreters any time, even if we don't know Inuit."
Sometimes it is confidential.
"In this case, I can say that there has been a breach of human rights."
"Kirt suggested that even Inuktitut-speaking Nunavummiut should have access to services in the areas of health, justice and education."
They are not even available.
This and other leaders are continuing to work with the federal government to protect their language and their living in their homes.
Ottawa passed a new Official Languages Act in June and has been unsatisfaction with NTI and Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami.
"Kirt said that he wanted people to know," we are the authority. "
Let us speak in Inuktitut when we go to the store.
Let us speak Inuktitut when we go to the bank.
Let us speak Inuktitut when we go to the schools.
"Once we start speaking Inuktitut and not thinking about these things, then they will be given a larger amount of resources."
QIA announces that it will pay for tourism operators and Inuit owned lands.
Responsibility
"The operators who visit the Qikiqtani communities of Nunavut will now have to pay for tourism fees if they have access to the land, QIA announced its annual general meeting in Iqaluit from October 8 to 10."
"The tourism operators are now required to pay for Inuit owned lands in the Qikiqtani region, where the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced its annual general meeting in Iqaluit on Wednesday, October 9."
The Qikiqtani region has the largest number of cruise ships visiting all of Nunavut.
"Pond Inlet received 17 cruise ship passengers this summer, and Iqaluit was visited by four."
"The Qikiqtani Inuit Association has been concerned about the increasing number of tourism activities in our territory, especially in the area of Inuit cruise ships."
"The Qikiqtani Inuit Association established a tourism co-ordinator's compensation program to assist people in the communities affected by the cruise ship."
A news release was issued by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association on the land use and renewable resources department announced new expenditures.
New expenditures include:
Aircraft in the Inuit home: $150
Aircraft aircraft landing on Inuit lands: $100
Inuit Circumpolar Conferences: $50 per day
$25.00 in commercial services
"Combined payments to hunters and trappers organizations will be the closest to tourism stakeholders available, the news release indicated that."
The other one would go to Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
"The cruise ship passengers that travel to Nunavut are approximately 150 to 400 people, Rosemary Despite, who is the President of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's Lands and Resiliency Council."
This $25-day fee would be for all passengers travelling to the communities if they're going to be going to their own communities or IOL.
"Regardless of how many people are on cruise ship land, they would be charged according to the number of passengers on the ship."
Debora said that the ships that transport passengers to the Belcher Islands will have to send them to Qikiqtani Inuit Association as to how many people will be flying every month or before they start boating.
"If the ship delivers 350 people, we would charge 25 dollars per day per person."
"Then the larger passengers would have to pay between $10,000 and $20,000 to land in their own community."
"In many communities where cruise ships come in during the summer, as an example of Pond Inlet, the HTO would receive approximately $50,000 to $70,000.
New funding will also assist the Qikiqtani Inuit Association with the use of the Internet.
"As such, tourism operators will be informed of new costs when applying for access to Inuit owned lands."
Debora said that the Qikiqtani Inuit Association set their rate according to other organizations that they pay for tourism.
"For example, the Parks Canada pays 25 dollars per person to go to a national park."
"Also the hamlets charge people to transport ships and tourism operators to their communities, Debora also states."
"The cruise ships that transport passengers to their communities are charged for this but if people are actually going to our community," it says.
"Joe Atagutaluk, QIA's Chief Financial Officer, asked if it would be possible to increase those costs in the future."
"Terry said that it would be changed, but it would have to be discussed and established by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association."
"This is an exciting event.
"We are now taking the leadership role for Inuit to benefit their communities," Mr. Akeeagok stated to the council.
"Pay will come into effect immediately, QIA stated.
Baffinland has a large amount of heavy equipment that is being transported to Pond Inlet.
"Is Newfoundland thinking that we don't know when the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government will approve the project?"
"The shipping company from Pierre Bruins" has been in existence for the Prince of Whales area since last summer.
"In the deep sea port you can see two potential construction projects, 33 and 34 metres higher, the Newmont Mining Limited received from Diavik and shipped to Mary River this summer."
Two smaller units are being shipped in the near future.
"This will be used to expand the long-term road, which has not yet been approved by the Legal Services Board."

Community leadership in Pond Inlet has been disappointed with the significant amount of cruise ship traffic-related equipment being shipped between Baffinland's Mary River mine this summer.
"It is concerned that Baffinland's long-term plan to expand this project on page 2 of the department's business plan indicates that" Before the permits were approved, Baffinland issued two major ten-plexes that could be shipped to Prince Edward Island this summer. "
"They also brought in two smaller buildings that could be built and large-scale vehicles that could be used when they were constructing, such as access roads and solar panels."
"Baffinland, in November of 2018 indicated that the permits and co-operation of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association would be brought in, such as the records of the public signed by the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board."
But the people of Pond Inlet are finally experiencing this.
When this ship arrives in Prentice's Mary River port here in Mary River last August and they were ordering material that could be used for heavy equipment expansion.
When the people of Pond Inlet saw the ship near our community that was the first time that they had heard about the barge, there were two ships that transported the highway and they came in shortly and there were more ships that were going to be shipped in the summer of 2020.
"We finally found out about three or four weeks ago.
"We see materials shipped near the Pond Inlet area," Joshua Arreak, the director of the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Organization called Nunatsiaq News.
"We were wondering why and how to do that.
"We didn't get any information from the Nunavut Impact Review Board, Qikiqtani Inuit Association or anyone."
"We didn't expect that," Mr. Arreak said.
"We have not heard from Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
I don't know.
We have a problem with the Inuit organizations.
"They don't communicate with us."
The GN's Department of Environment's most recent sealift resupply report indicates that it had been working on a number of
"Any Nunavut Human Rights Tribunal and any federal minister did not approve the Mary River expansion plan, which would mean that there would be 110 kilometres of long-term road to Mary River, reintroducing an additional 12 million tonnes next year, and operating up to 200 kilometres per year."
This project cannot be formally approved by the federal government until the final announcement of the Nunavut Impact Review Board was made on November 2 in Iqaluit and concluded on November 8 and 9 in Pond Inlet.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board, not consulted with stakeholders on this issue, indicated that they would be bringing in long-term vehicles that have been sent to Newfoundland on July 25."
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board advised the companies that if this project is not approved, Baffinland would assume responsibility for the shipping, it may cost millions of dollars, out of the mineral exploration."
It also indicated that the sealift schedule would not impact the Nunavut Impact Review Board's decision on this issue.
"In his e-mail on October 17th, the Nunavut Impact Review Board's Director, Mr. Brian Ferris, indicated that legally the Nunavut Impact Review Board may approve or reject the sealift activities."
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board could only say that these activities would be included in the studies and all materials would have to be transferred if the proposal was rejected by the board after the study," Barry wrote a letter.
This is a photo that has been taken by Bev Prentice. Just this past summer, a ship has been shipped up to build houses for Mary River to be used for the Mary River highway expansion.
"One of the units, described as" Fire Damage "," 33 metres, 23.5 metres and 1,470 tonnes. "
"In other words, it is referred to as" contaminated site, "which is 34 metres.
"As a result of each unit, its families who have already been damaged from the contaminated site and the contaminated site, they are approximately at the 10-foot floor - maybe higher than the houses built in the Eastern Arctic."
But Baffinland has not been approved to use them yet.
"Faunaland will identify these items as" working on two-thirds of the project "but this project's two-year proposal will be considered at the end of its term. The company wrote a letter to the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
Equipment shelters in Inuit owned lands
"Based on the joint submissions made by the license holders, QIA and Baffinland wrote a letter stating that the equipment would be located in Inuit owned lands, as per the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's Development Partnership Agreement with the company."
"In regards to Mr. Arreak and so on, what is being done is it seems like Baffinland has already approved the project."
"Pond Inlet residents are unhappy.
Is Newfoundland thinking that we don't know when the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government will be approving the project?
"I don't know."
"Rosemary Dean, Technical Advisor of the Hamlet of Pond Inlet, was accepted by the Mayor of Pond Inlet, Joshua Star, who was able to speak to Nunatsiaq News on behalf of the Hamlet of Pond Inlet."
"Fauna has been working to determine the approval of the project in phase 2," Denise said online.
"If the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the Nunavut Impact Review Board had the authority to do so, the final impact will be on the decision-making process for the Nunavut Impact Review Board in relation to the management and approval of the proposal."
"This is a concern," Dennis said he was representing the Hamlet.
"Activities in this area, the Hamlet feels that this should not happen."
"This has been an issue that has been dealt with in the financial and mental minds of Baffinland to approve the project on the 2nd," as well.
"Our main concern is the wildlife, marine mammals and their destinations."
We would be the most impacted in our community.
That is our concern.
"The money will not recover from wildlife", Mr. Joshua Arreak stated on behalf of the hunters and trappers organizations, saying that it has been an ongoing discussion in Pond Inlet for several years in regards to the marine transportation strategy for Baffinland.
"In regards to non-governmental organizations such as Earth's North, they wanted to have an opportunity to hold a meeting with Baffinland's expansion plan, which indicated that they supported" responsible development "at the Mary River mine.
"However, it also indicated that Baffinland's shipping system has not been able to take into account the major environmental impacts, and is satisfied that Baffinland's decision to ship large-scale balms from Baffinland to Arctic Bay, which was successful in 2012."
"It is no secret that residents are dissatisfied with the volume of carry-outs of heavy equipment on the Mary River site prior to the legal approval of this expansion," it states that Chris Pickell, the Deputy Minister of Justice and the Department of Justice are responsible for the Arctic. "
A pre-construction program that was inherited from Dianne River
These assets are being shipped to Mary River's Katannilik Park, which is part of the existing heavy equipment acquisitions that Baffinland received from Texas for various locations in Nanisivik.
"Two major buildings, first of all, were built in Prince Edward Island, this is the third one that has been built, it's a heavy equipment delivery facility, it's designed in St. John's, and it's in Frobisher Bay.
"Baffinland and they also brought in a ship from the port, a plow truck and a lot of equipment to be used for heavy equipment."
"The furniture listed at Baffinland's submission to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board included heavy equipment and roads, and metal waste and solid waste."
"When I took over the first one that was sent to Baffinland, the ship called Blewins, contained 5,500 tonnes of equipment, and travelled to Prince Edward Island earlier this August."
"A further two sealift re-supply ship arrived this summer, and a larger number will be delivered in the summer of 2020.
"Through a partnership agreement with Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Baffinland agreed to invest an additional $18 million in the recovery of the Mary River project if the project stopped, the water board's letter indicated that."
The Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is named as a new Languages Commissioner.
Colleen Aariak will be appointed on October 21.
"The Nunavut Court of Justice was appointed by the Languages Commissioner, Karliin Aariak, following her retirement in September."
Colleen Arreak of Iqaluit was appointed as Languages Commissioner of Nunavut.
"Simeon Mikkungwak, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, announced the appointment, which will take effect on Monday, October 21."
Colleen Arreak of Iqaluit is the acting Languages Commissioner of Nunavut.
(picture of Karliin Arreak)
"Ms. Aariak's work, in conjunction with both the Office of the Languages Commissioner and the Inuit Language Authority, addresses these important issues," and noted in the media.
"In the Official Languages Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Languages Commissioner is responsible for protecting the language rights of Inuktitut, French and English."
"The Languages Commissioner is also responsible for monitoring and monitoring, reporting and protection of language rights."
"As per the Official Languages Act, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is appointed for a term of four years by the Commissioner of Nunavut following her decision."
"The Management and Services Board of the Legislative Assembly may decide on the appointment of an acting Languages Commissioner while the position is vacant and before the Board, this information is provided to Mr. Arreak's appointment also stated."
"The Languages Commissioner, Helen Clarke, resigned from her office in September."
"Eva Aariak, Catherine's mother and Nunavut's leadership, was the first Languages Commissioner of Nunavut to be elected in 2008 to serve as the Nunavut Legislative Assembly."
"A public welcomed by the Commissioner of Nunavut, the Standing Committee noted, and that further information was on the website."
The Montreal Women's Centre announces plans for emergency crisis shelter.
Inuit women's 15 percent attendance rate for the Women's Centre
"Madeleine Buchan-Wong, the Director of the Women's Shelter (C.C., the Women's Shelter and Kathy Ford, City Council representing Peter-Micro-Marriage and the City of Montreal, discussed the plan for the 22-bed women's shelter in Montreal in October 2016.
(Photo of Montreal City)
"In Montreal, wherever they are located, they are able to begin the process of expanding the program that was initiated at the women's centre, the day home for women who are homeless, which is the land-based solution that was changed last year."
"A resident's decision, which was announced on Wednesday, October 16, will provide an opportunity for the establishment of a new facility that is not too far away, so the emergency call centre for women to attend."
The "Women's Day, Women's Day's Day's Day at 1430 cents in Montreal, is open every week for women with special needs."
A lot of them are Inuit.
"The Women's Centre is presently located in St. Therese's Road, which is not far away from Ottawa to the road and the immunization of the ice, such as Tasiujait."
"The women's centre for many Inuit women is well known, with 15 percent of the facility."
"It is designed to open in 2021" year, this facility was purchased with an allowance of $1 million from the Montreal businessman through Andrew Harper's s community foundation in Montreal.
"Thank you very much for having a new facility, we are now able to accommodate 22 beds for women's shelters," it says Maureen-Buchan, who is the Director of the St. Theresa's Home, who said through the media about the events at the Women's Shelter. "
"Currently, women are 25 percent of the population who are homeless in Montreal, but the benefits for women are inadequate."
This project is a realistic start. "
"It's good to hear that the drop-in centre was expanded in less than a week after this person used to stay at the hospice, Clara Nuliak, originally from Nunavik, following his passing on October 11th at the hospital."
Bernadette-Friesen said in Nunatsiaq News that her daughter was in prison when she was in jail.
"A majority of people come to the city for housing shortages and legal problems, Bernadette-Friesen says."
"Many women go to the women's shelter on a day-to-day basis. There is a six-bed facility and then they stay overnight."
There will be a new facility.
"Currently, the women's shelter, which is about 100 women per day, provides services and activities to women's needs in the areas of homelessness, food security, mental health and addictions."
Mr. Berger's report notes that the number of Inuit women in this program has remained unchanged since 2018.
"However, we have heard that women need more support than they need such as clothing and skins," it says.
"This International Women's Day is the only day in Montreal, St. Theresa's Centre opens from 7: 30 a.m. to 3: 00 p.m."
"With respect to the income support program, the women's shelter was suspended for the weekend without providing services in six months of 2014 due to lack of funding."
"We're hoping that we'll be able to get some financial assistance from Makivik, but we don't know if we're going to get it this year," it says Bangkok-Fenbrook.
"The women's drop-in centre runs Inuit counselling services - however, the women's shelter raises funds to do this work, which results in a 70 percent operating budget of $1.7 million per year."
"Kathy Ford, the City Council represents Peter McGill's home community and as the Speaker of the Montreal City Council, announced that they would be able to host a new evening and provide more services to the public in order to ensure the safety and safety of the people."
Nunavut does not have a Liberal system.
"In many important questions, the Liberals did not have adequate access to information."
Taparti's winner on October 21 is the release of the Liberal Government's policy for Nunavut and the North.
Do you think about the Liberal news?
They make reports in two ways.
We can remember the majority of them.
"That doesn't matter, because the majority of Nunavut's voters came up on October 21, so nothing came out."
"Starting in 2015, Justin Trudeau and other Liberal Parties have published many reports."
Some of the information came from new issues.
"But at the end of the day, the people of Nunavut only said" no. "
"However, at the end of the day, more focused on politics, since 1961, Canadians have been faced with the challenge of making changes: New Brunswick."
"This elder's recovery at Qaqqalik's Qangualuk's victory demonstrates the displeasure of Mr. Trudeau's efforts in the North and the west, which includes the lack of consensus on the ongoing relationship between Inuit and the federal government."
"Since 2015, Trudeau has been working with co-management partners such as Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, Qikiqtani Inuit Association and others."
However, this week's election campaign shows Nunavummiut that the Inuit-federal partnership is not effective.
"That's very disturbing, because at the end of the day if I became a politician they could not really respond."
"It's well known by the majority of the people of Nunavut that one of the biggest concerns of the economy and social issues is the lack of housing, the lack of food in the stores, the high cost of food and the high cost of living, and this is the highest rate of tuberculosis and suicide which seems to be happening every day."
"However, on the last day of Nunavut on October 8, Trudeau did not hear much about these issues."
He talked about South Baffin talking about climate change and climate change.
"Those are all Canadian issues, but I want to be able to vote this year, so Nunavummiut would like to hear their concerns about housing and the high cost of living."
"What happened was that the Sylvia Grinnell River is on the map, not just Nunavut voters, but Southern Canada."
"In doing this, he didn't respond to the people of Nunavut who worked very hard on behalf of the Liberal candidate, Megan Lyall, who wasn't very helpful.
"In regards to the Food Mail Program and the lack of nutrition, the Liberals acted on, established a higher level of subsidy for the Nutrition North Canada Program, and provided additional funding, $12.5 million per year for aboriginal harvesters in Nunavut and in the west."
However, hunter support programs must be established and no one can say why.
"On August 1th, another major initiative was undertaken by the City of Iqaluit and Arctic Bay, when he signed an agreement on the establishment of a Lancaster Sound Marine Conservation Area and committed to initiating a new conservation plan called Devon Island."
"As a result of this, a significant amount of funding has been allocated to communities in North Baffin for small craft harbours and protection of employment."
He talked a lot about the protection of aboriginal peoples.
"The inadequacies of this type of work are as follows: Poor TB in a overcrowded house," this "meet" does not make much sense. "
"With that in mind, do you recall the Liberal Government's press release on tuberculosis?"
"This was done earlier in 2018, when Jane Ottok, at that time the federal Minister of Health, indicated that tuberculosis would be stopped until 2030."
But Mr. Barnabas, the federal minister said that he would deal with this because it is no longer there.
"Trudeau's actions in Winnipeg to Winnipeg and the conflict of interest between SNC-Lauren who resigned at the conference."
"Since then, if I was a Liberal, I have never heard anything about tuberculosis.
"I think it's getting harder for the hunters when they're working with the federal government.
"The public realizes that tuberculosis is a lack of food, food and housing."
"However, in the area of housing, Mr. Trudy was also looking at the garbage and more of a comment last summer."
"The Government of Canada and the Government of Canada's Inuit Housing Action Plan," which was developed by "Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, has not been much more recent."
I would also like to congratulate Letia Qaqqalik for winning it.
"As a member of the 4th Division of the Legal Services Board of the Legislative Assembly, she will need help in order to be heard."
Let us give the people of Nunavut an opportunity and support.
"Qaqqaq won two medals, Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Lyall."
I wish them all the best in their future endeavours and continue to serve Nunavummiut and the north.
Members asked the ministers about the $80 million increase in the Western Arctic Road Project
"Looking at my colleagues", we can consider $80 million.
"Joyce Tilley, MLA for Amittuq, was one of the Members of the Legislative Assembly asking the Government of Nunavut for this $80 million increase in the Iqaluit-Nuuk Arctic Winter Games."
Some of Nunavut's lawyers are asking for unsolicited support for the expansion of the Nuuk-Iqaluit Western Arctic project.
"In August, the federal government announced that it would provide $151 million for this project, which is targeted at 1,700 kilometres from North Bay to Nuuk, Greenland from the Baffin to Iqaluit."
Then that would be brought to Kimmirut.
"The Government of Nunavut will develop the framework and the project has begun, which will be completed in 2023."
"Last year, the Legislative Assembly approved this project, which cost $126 million."
"At the end of this year, we were informed that the cost of the project has increased to reflect the increased cost of living and that it is now estimated to be approximately $209 million," John Main, Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, who spoke to the Member on Wednesday, October 23. "
"This is a $80 million difference."
"Looking at my colleagues", we are able to make decisions on the $80 million. "
The federal government's contribution to the Outpost Camps and the Northern Community Initiatives Program is the ICC Canada Plan.
The project is now in the Legal Services Board's review of the main estimates for the year 2020-21.
"At the appropriate time during question period, Joelie Tilley, MLA for Amittuq asked Mr. Quassa Kusugak, Minister of Community and Government Services, this $80 million increase in the government's plans for the future."
"As part of this process, the identification of the Government of Nunavut's Strategic Investments Program," aims to ensure that this program is clearly defined, and that it has access to information regarding developments, appropriate cost estimates and timely work, prior to initiating the initial planning process. "
"Have there been any preliminary plans, yes or no?"
Asked of: Hon. Lorne Kusugak.
"Planning has been completed and the feasibility study is still underway.
"When we were informed, we found out that it would be more expensive," Ms. Kusugak said.
"May, beside her is the Chairperson of the House of Commons, rises to ask another question from Ms. Kusugak."
"Can the minister indicate how this huge project is increasing over the course of the year?"
"Ms. Kusugak reiterates that once the proposed budget was approved last year, the department re-evaluated the scope of the project and the costs increased after its review."
"Ms. Kusugak reiterated, in May 2019, the department thought that the funding request would be increased to $201.6 million" in order to access federal funding for this project. "
"On Friday, October 24th, May rose again during question period to follow up with the Finance Minister George Hickes on the same issue."
"As a result of the Financial Management Board's activities and activities, what were the results of the department's $80 million increase in funding for this initiative?"
I thank the member for that question.
"Mr. Hickes noted that the federal government's increased funding for this project, and included a significant contribution to the Fisheries and Sealing Division, the Government of Nunavut increased its contribution."
"The Department of Community and Government Services re-handed it to the Financial Management Board for the purpose of determining that there is a shortfall."
"Mr. Hickes also stated that the Government of Nunavut (25 percent) contributes to the project, while the federal government contributed 75 percent."
"As a Nunavut Government, we don't have to pay $80 million, so we would have to pay 25 percent."
"What we're trying to do is trying to find something in the next few years to assist in completing this program."
"Nunavut needs its own legal counsel," which is called Makivik President.
Charlie Ford's election to the federal government talks about changes.
"Charlie Ford, President of Makivik Corporation, issued a news release on October 22 of this year following the federal election, indicating that Nunavik requires its own legal counsel."
Marianne Anne
"Makivik President Charlie Ford's remarks did not change the Nunavik Law Centre's location when he announced the announcement to the new Member of the Legislative Assembly, Sarah Ford."
"We will be conducting a" Electoral Boundaries Commission study to ensure that this is understood, "where Nunavut will have its own government within our territory, which is particularly critical to our self-reliance."
"We need that in the provinces."
"The question was asked by Mr. James Bay-Nunavik - the largest federal-territorial program in Northern Quebec, which started from Northern Quebec, where they're called Ox-x-ray communities. This year, there are four or six federal candidates in 2019, who are residents of Quebec.
Nunavik leaders have chosen their own government in 1972.
"In 2002, the Electoral Boundaries Commission travelled to all Nunavut communities, including Makivik, to the federal Electoral Boundaries Commission on this issue and took part in 2011."
"Since the division was expanded in 2013, added to two communities in the south."
"The division was re-designed, through the Commission, to ensure that the population is equal."
"In Northern Quebec, it's $100,000 per region, but it's in regards to North-Nunavut and it's less than 85,000 people."
"While Nunavik's population is approximately 13,000 people, Nunavik has been understaffed, but their leadership has addressed this issue in Nunavik's private sector."
"The smallest jurisdiction in Canada, such as Labrador, has a population of 26,000 residents.
"Baby won a prize from Northern Quebec, selected over 11,000, or 40 percent, shortly after the Liberals and Crowns."
"Fortunately celebrated the election of Roy Patsy-Lindell, an Inuk from Kuujjuaq, which was the fifth election of over 1,000 people."
"During her presentation to Fort Smith, she welcomed Pangnirtung to Nunavik as soon as possible."
"I look forward to meeting with them, and supporting us as we work towards self-reliance, and addressing issues related to the implementation of the Jonah Amitnaaq Act, the rights of aboriginal people," For example.
"A major message was sent to Paula Quebec to the Honourable Edward Bourassa, who won 32 seats in Quebec."
"We look forward to supporting us in the development of our mandate for Nunavik-based legal and economic development - and developing an appropriate working relationship," which says For example.
"However, due to Quebec's desire to become an independent body, Inuit have been making a long contribution to the Canadian delegation."
"Fortier made a decision during the election, even though the Liberal Government doesn't even chair the government, to allow them the opportunity to meet with different groups and Canadians."
"Jacqueline Trudeau has a strong government that is not chaired by the Premier, and is able to work with other levels of government, such as Executive and Intergovernmental Affairs, Fiona Crockatt, Roy Green, Candidates, and the independent candidates in the process of passing legislation and legislation, and working together."
"On behalf of Nunavut's newly elected CBC Member, Iola Qaqqalik from Baker Lake, made an unexpected statement."
"I remember at the NTI meeting in Baker Lake in 1871 when Tagak Curley and I, for example, said.
"At that time we were young.
"They're going to do a great job, they're going to be healing, and I look forward to seeing you and working with them on issues such as Inuit owned businesses, for future generations."
"Reintroducing Health Influenza in Nunavut, with thousands of dollars."
"For those of us, you will save a lot of money on lung cancer."
The air ambulance services for Nunavut are currently on hold at the Iqaluit International Airport this summer.
"In some years, when young children are suffering from lung cancer, hakapiks, syphilis, they have to be sent out and this has caused a lot of medical travel."
"Dr. Anna Prairie and her peers from Toronto's Toronto's National Nursing Program, who attended the first time in 1989, raised this issue at the end of September, and received over 1,000 signatures."
"However, when this report was just drafted, 23,322 names were put together in 2007 and now they wanted to reach 25,000 signatures."
The department's business plan indicates that "The Government of Nunavut will be providing many preventative measures to prevent the spread of infant mortality throughout the next six months."
"Pink SIDS is a prevention program, not a vaccination program, and a market program called SIDS."
"It's clearly identified that there is a higher rate of respiratory illness in the epidemiology," which is "H1N1 virus", "which is caused by lung cancer," and causes a very shocking disease called Mexico. "
"However, Dr. Michael Patterson, the Minister of Health in Nunavut, stated in the Nunatsiaq News that the Government of Nunavut provides Pangaggujjiniq 11 percent of the 12 percent for infants under the age of 2."
"We're spending more on children who may be at risk of having a flu-like symptoms, and those who contribute to the world's award of Paxcil."
"This includes infants who are born, for less than 35 weeks of pregnancy, or babies with chronic illness or heart disease."
"Breast, who is one of the instructors of the Children's First Ministers" Conference in Toronto, Saskatchewan, has produced educational materials over the past 15 years such as the on-going and cost sharing between the hakapik and the Arctic. "
In the "Diagnostics," it's very dissatisfaction with the current Nunavut policy and it states that all Nunavut infants are entitled to this disease.
"Dr. Anna Prairie, who is one of the instructors of the Children's First Secretariat here in Toronto's June Prescription Program, indicated that she was monitoring Inuit babies" distempers "in the Healthy Children's Initiative as a key factor in their lives and financial health.
The cost of living in Nunavut is very important.
He said in his diagnoses that this PTR is an ongoing and multi-dimensional disease and has resulted in a number of air charters and medical supplies for Nunavut's health professionals.
"Health care is very expensive."
"But even though that's how much it costs, the pilots and many people believe that this is a subsidy."
"As such, Nunavut's cancer rates are high enough and medivacs are the most effective, responsive."
"We've done a lot of cost analysis that shows that in the North if we were to give us more money in Kelowna, it would save us money."
"The rates survey, which was published in 2013, revealed the high rates of lung cancer in the Kitikmeot region: organized by 389 people."
"During the study, which was conducted between January 1, 2009 and June 30, 2010, it became apparent that expenditures incurred by the Department of Health for the cost of providing this service went up to $57,535."
"In the Qikiqtani region, lung cancer was diagnosed in 2002 from 1,000 infants and in the Kivalliq, 230 from 1,000."
This means that the Government of Nunavut spent approximately $5.9 million on medical travel for the Qikiqtani region and approximately $5.7 million for the Kivalliq Breast Cancer Program.
"However, it was, Kivalliq's highest rate of lung cancer is $63,686."
"For those of us, it's not as cost effective as it should be, because of lung cancer in the High Arctic."
The head nurse in Ontario supports the registrar.
"People's babies at 10 times require more specialized care at the health centres for lung cancer than" at risk "with infants and their illnesses are more sensitive to their health.
"Although this is a major problem, Inuit infants in Nunavut don't get cancer," Brian wrote a letter.
"Another area of expertise has been identified in the Western School of Health, the Canadian Health Association and the National Health Research Centre for Indigenous Peoples."
However, healthy babies in Nunavut do not receive this type of illness - whether they are at risk in other communities outside of Iqaluit and they are more advanced to lung cancer.
The Auditor General is saying that is what they are doing.
"I have worked very hard.
I've shown them all the details for the public.
"Caroline Bolt, Jane Webster, has seen my list and they have said that they're religion, it says,"
In Nunavik, vaccinations are provided to all infants.
"As a result, not only Nunavut, health professionals in Nunavik have submitted Pangaggujjiniq to all infants over the past three years."
"On October 18, the Minister of Health, George Hickes, stated in response to questions asked by the Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, Ms. Pat Angnakak, that the Government of Nunavut review Nunavut's cases."
"We are monitoring the program," it says Hickes.
Ms. Angnakak said this is a very serious issue for families.
"Not too long ago, I know that the baby had to be sent down to the hospital and it has an impact on the family, especially when the baby is too young."
But Mr. Hickes protected the Government of Nunavut's current practice and doesn't say that the government is spending money on people but they provide this.
"This is not a legal decision.
"It is consistent with the best practices of health care delivery," which Mr. Hickes says.
Mr. Patterson touched up on Nunavik's successes over the past three years.
"We're still waiting for this figure, and once we find out that there are savings in using the Pallium, then we will implement it as soon as possible."
"However, in my view, there is still not enough certification for the use of Nunavut."
"There are two things that I don't agree with in trying to sign off on and one of the things that I am bringing up is that it hasn't been completed yet, or whether it's scientific information."
"There are still a lot of people who still have questions."
The performance of Paxcil in Nunavut has been a long time.
"In 2008, the Government of Nunavut refused to participate or participate in the Pan-territorial inquiry concerning the hakapik, or the professionals of Greenland, Nunavik and the Northwest Territories."
A very small building reaches Churchill
Nunavik Building offers a small housing solution
"A model tiny house, from Nunavik Building, was shipped up to Kuujjuaq on the sealift this summer."
(Photo courtesy Nunavik Building)
The first of a series of tiny homes developed for Nunavik arrived on the sealift in Kuujjuaq this summer.
"“I wanted to show people what kind of quality of house we are building for the North,” said Willie Gadbois, co-founder of Nunavik Building, a home designer and developer with offices in Kuujjuaq and Napierville, Quebec."
"About a decade ago, Gadbois, a Kuujjuaq-based plumber, furnace repairman and housebuilder, met building expert Claude Jannelle."
"“We started talking about affordable housing in the North,” Gadbois said."
“Housing in the North is so expensive.
That’s where it started.”
"From that, they’ve developed designs for tiny homes that take the northern elements into consideration."
The houses have metal siding and roofing to withstand high winds and last longer than other commonly used materials.
"They have been built with octane packages that have been made up of tips, roofs and roofs and three walls of windows to keep the heat warm."
"They have mild furnaces, such as wall hangings that need to be replaced with furnaces, heating systems, and so on."
"I don't think that's the only way we can do it in the north," it says, "Oh, no."
"There are a lot of problems with heating and heating fuel and it's too much for some people.
People are saying that their feet are getting frozen.
Their houses are insulation but they're on the feet. "
The design is organized by Nunamiut Construction in one bedroom.
(Photo of Nunavik)
"As a result of the repair of furnaces and plumbing in all of Nunavut, Mr. Galbraith is responsible for ensuring that buildings are built on a standard design, everything is properly repaired and maintained."
"The Nunavik Housing Association has various designs for small units, four bedrooms, and other materials that are available for them."
"They can add additional rooms and can be expanded, for example, if they are bigger than their children."
"The building is being displayed in Churchill with only one bedroom, a size of 5 metres away and 10 metres of head."
It's a walk-in room at the end of the day for the cooking room and so on.
It's behind the room and beyond that.
The power plant in another building is over there.
Over the past two hours the building was trying to complete the lot and the electrical and plumbing was put in.
"This building can be purchased for $228,000, for the sanitation and everything in it, it says Garry."
"The Nunavik building cost about $500,000 and $600,000, it says.
"We're trying to build houses that can afford to pay for lack of space and problems with the water roads," it says Garry.
"I'm a plumber, I've been an electrician for many years and I think a lot of the work that is being done is done properly, the pipes are not adequate, they're not in good shape."
I have been working on this for many years and now we have a better system for the north. "
"The buildings that are built in Montreal, Quebec, and during the month when they were built, Gilbert said, and the trucks were delivered by ship."
"After we ordered the materials and the time is up for the sealift, this facility can be located in the next summer."
"In the future, if this goes ahead, we are looking at building a facility in the north."
"However, this requires significant investment."
He said that all the houses in the north would be adequate and would be very happy to order from Nunavut or from Greenland.
"We're open and we're just waiting for the payments from interested parties and they're planning to build houses," it's saying Garry. "
"We are prepared to help those in need."
"In Canada's Arctic, the sea ice is the lowest in Canada."
"We may have been a year behind schedule for this year.
"The freeze up is very late this year," it says Gjoa Haven resident Winnie Aglukark, who received this photo on October 18.
"The boat is still on the land, although it doesn't happen in Gjoa Haven."
I haven't seen the ice conditions in my lifetime. "
(filmmak)
Wayne Panika
"In October, this individual was Josie Salomonie from Igloolik when they started hunting his snowmobile."
"To do the same thing during the year, it was supposed to be a boat."
"Nunavummiut and other northern residents," as well.
"This is the first time I have seen this frozen in my life," it says Winnie Aglukark, from Gjoa Haven for almost 40 years.
That is correct.
"As of October 15th, the sea icebreakers were in the range of 5.118 million dollars, which is the lowest in the world in 1968."
"Based on the location, we may be doing this for a month late than last year," it says Jesse Lauren, who is the property inspector for municipal services in Canada.
However, this is not the first year of the ice conditions.
In April, there was no ice that was recorded.
After July, it was one of the greatest recordings.
"In August, the ice conditions slowed down."
"We were at the top level in 2007-08 and 2016, but it's higher than 2012," it says Fort Smith, the Auditor General of Canada and the Department of National Defence.
"" But we're less than 2012 than it used to be because it's very slow because of the freeze-up in 2011-12 that went back to their culture, but it's because of the ice conditions. "
"As of October 15, the ice conditions were lower in 2012, which was the lowest."
(i) NSIDC)
The ice conditions depend on the weather.
"If there's a" water that doesn't have ice and if the temperature is warmer in the water, then the weather is warmer and the water is warmer or frozen, "it says Mr. Long.
"However, the warmth of the Arctic in Resolute Bay is extremely cold, warm in recent months."
"It was a very summer camp," it says May.
"Beginning in April, every month has always been the third largest warmest in Canada's North-northern climate, such as May and August."
(i.D.T.)
This year's event will result in a larger picture.
"As a result of global warming such as those used by Inuit vehicles, we have seen a decrease in the quality of the ice in 1979," it says Paxil Powers, the Director of GIR, the Jonah Lauren's Article on the Environment.
"What's happening now with this year's Arctic Winter Games is that there has been a decrease in ice conditions in the Arctic for years."
"Through this news release," the effect of global warming has increased to 0.5 percent over the next 10 to 1982 fiscal years, primarily due to the impact of global warming in 1979. "
It's two times faster than the rest of the world. "
This summer was not the only one.
"Although the season continues, ice is now back."
"The ice is getting frozen."
"In the last ten days, since October 20, the sea ice increased by approximately 1.5 million kilometres, including the water in Gjoa Haven."
"If the current freeze-up continues, it may be higher than it was in 2012."
Iqaluit welcomes a new fire marshal
"To me this is an exciting exercise."
Goo Harvey of Iqaluit was the fire marshal for the past two weeks.
"He has always read and experienced it, but he says that this is a new position that he can do more."
(camera)
"When Gordon Harper was at the City Council meeting on October 22nd when he was the fire chief, he didn't expect to be interviewed."
"Do you support Montreal Canadiens?"
The member is asking for unanimous consent to conclude his statement.
"For a long time, he said," No. "
They are in the Gallery quite a bit.
"Earlier this week, when he was interviewed in Nunatsiaq News, he said," That's why I felt that my assistance was not heard. "
"Hiqiniq, who grew up in Hamilton, went to Iqaluit through Meliadine, Ontario, the community of Calgary near George Bay."
"Although he is originally from Iqaluit, he is also from the north."
"The 10-year Emergency Management Program for the Canadian Rangers, which is near Arviat has been in tents all winter long."
"That's my understanding of snow, it's my understanding that it's cold, but there has been some work done."
That is why I brought it up.
"And the department is doing a lot of things," it says Hawker, talking about the Iqaluit Fire Department collecting - some are very professional firefighters and some volunteers. "
That is the only thing that he did not go to Iqaluit.
As part of their experience in fire fighting and emergency management - not always in this situation - it was also a result of the Iqaluit fire.
"The" actions of this department are very broad, "it says,"
"Here's a lot of work here, and it looks like the equipment is always in place."
"Activities of the Department in this area, and currently, in this new, such as water problems and lack of support, fire fighting and fire hall capacity."
"We can't change it overnight.
"If we continue to move forward and we don't want to go ahead, I would appreciate it."
"To me, this is an exciting project."
"It's exciting, we're trying to do and we can do what we can."
"For the first question on the City of Iqaluit's appointment as the Director of Emergency Management," I was in Toronto "and he said he smiles."
"It's good to hear that some people are in Toronto.
"I brought in a flag, so we'll be able to show it on our vehicle through the Stanley Cup within 20-30 years."
Inflicted beds has been a concern in Nunavik for patients travelling to Ottawa.
The operator of the boarding home says that they do research but they haven't found anything.
It's just a meal that you don't want to see in the rooms.
"However, recently, beds have been seen at the Tammaativvik Boarding Home when patients from Nunavik go to the city."
Chronic conditions at the Nunavik Boarding Home are a major concern for the patients and their families.
This picture shows the Siniktarvik family that Mr. Cecil Erkidjuk saw last month at the Amanda room at the Kirt Hotel here in Kuujjuaq, Trenton.
(photos from Cecilia Serkoak)
"In the mid-October, Cecilia Kuneluk visited his mother in Kuujjuaq at the Kirt Treasury Boarding Home here in Winnipeg and he was very scared: the Qarmartalik Elementary School saw him, and he looked at the picture."
"Quaraq's view of the bathroom indicated that patients travelling from Nunavik to guard at the Larga boarding home, where they have rooms, 39 bedrooms, the first floor is full."
She called her mother and told her that she will never be there again.
"The head of the boarding home, Saint Sammy Nungak, announced in Nunatsiaq News last week that she was working on the facility in the foyer."
"That's what happened recently, when there was an investigation done, he had a privacy report, he couldn't find it."
"One classroom test resulted in this coding, but is no longer there."
Adrienne Noble's e-mail also displayed a number of residents who have seen the plaques.
"Due to the importance of the Larga boarding home operations, Adriel Nungak stated that all rooms were dealt with this year and are regularly inspected and maintained if needed."
The Nunatsiaq News was unable to communicate with all the communities of Nunavik, health boards, such as Woodward's-Op-d'Ors, who work at the Northern Health Centre in Montreal, such as beds and what they can do.
The MNQ concerns have been written online to APTN.
"It seems like the boarding home has been seen and they don't want to go to the boarding home anymore."
"Can I get an update on what it is and how it is and when the problem will be resolved?
We have to let the patients know that they were treated. "
Those patients who go to the hospital are always looking after their clothes before they enter.
There are beds in Montreal; there's overcrowding in government offices that had to be closed down here in Gjoa Haven.
"If there's a boarding home in Winnipeg, that's not the first incident that happened in 2010 in Winnipeg."
"The 'Bedbug" is not very good; it's very small, but it's very funny to eat, it's very cold and it's very skinny after the skin has gone out. "
In cases where there's a flu-like symptom, it's going to be a lot cheaper.
"In some cases, it's almost five minutes and they're looking for blades."
"Bedbugs eat at least five to ten days a year and they are able to survive, especially when they're at the bottom of the houses, shadows and other warmth, shacks and they show up when they want to eat."
"It's good to hear that beds are not dangerous, so they're just sleeping and they die."
So you can kill your bags outside within a couple of days without heat.
"Make sure you don't have to go out on the land, do an assessment of your head's head, look at the bottom and make sure that you don't put your glasses in."
"And if you're going home, put your clothes in before they go into the rooms and check your luggage."
"If you look at the bathroom in Montreal, you can call 311 City for problems."
"Fauna's meeting ended shortly, with a larger meeting in Pond Inlet."
"Inuit have to be involved in the process.
"It affects the whole Inuit way of life," it says NTI President.
"Representatives from Igloolik and Pond Inlet are listening to Aluki Kunilusuk, NTI President, a motion to suspend the Nunavut Impact Review Board's final meeting of Baffinland's 2-year expansion on Wednesday, November 6 in Iqaluit."
(camera)
Emma Duval and Elaine Aningmiuq
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board's meeting with Baffinland's proposed expansion of Baffinland's Mary River mine took place over two days ago.
"On Wednesday, November 6th, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated President Aluki Kunilusuk passed a motion immediately to stop the last public meeting and this meeting will continue in eight months."
It was very interesting to hear that they wanted to speak to their colleagues just looking at it.
"Fauna's officials took their faces off, at times they were able to get their brunks started and turned to the side when the Coppermine spoke to the motion."
"We are concerned that this public meeting should be completed without any action being completed.
People need to be consulted and consulted.
"Anyone in this room wants to understand all the issues and how it would affect NTI and organizations."
"It affects all aspects of Inuit lives."
"The motion was introduced on the fifth day of a public meeting in Iqaluit, at the end of the hour."
The Nunavut Impact Review Board's first meeting was organized to hold public meetings in Pond Inlet to allow the community to participate on November 8 and 9.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board was satisfied with NTI's resolution that the meeting was cancelled and that the meeting in Pond Inlet was cancelled."
"Over the course of the week, Baffinland representatives told us that they are planning to build a highway from North Baffin to Mary River."
"This long-term road and other equipment at the breakwater, it would be much easier for these companies to produce more than 6 million tonnes per year."
"However, it is important to note that this week's proposed amendment to the Land Titles Act provides for the purpose of removing the prohibited grounds of shipping, less than 20 long-term vehicles and 176 annual sealift."
"The motion before the House was supported by everyone who wishes to speak, many concerns about confusion about the program."
"J.P. Akeeagok, President of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, stated in the Nunatsiaq News that he believes in the Nunavut Impact Review Board's work to ensure that" Inuit have the opportunity to ask these important questions "and" provide opportunities for residents to voice their concerns on an ongoing basis. "
"Akeeagok also stated before the motion was expected, but it was well organized at the last sitting."
Baffinland staff are watching the motion to adjourn.
"I think there are too many questions that have not been resolved yet.
"In my view, if you are going to make decisions about your future, then you should be kept informed of your decisions."
There is not enough here. "
Representatives from the North Baffin communities also agreed with the motion.
"It's important to get more information and research," it says Amanda Hanson, the consultant from Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Organization. "
He said that the project "may have an important impact on our values and our people and our part of the world."
"Some members pointed out that they were dissatisfaction with the Mary River project, and they wanted to continue with the work of Baffinland, but they had more questions and concerns about the proposed expansion."
"What we have heard is that it's too much for ourselves and it's not appropriate," it says Peter Evaluarjuk, the Hamlet of Igloolik represents. "
"All reports must be translated.
Everything needs to be visible. "
"The Government of Nunavut also agreed with this motion, which addressed this issue, as there are too many disagreements about the right to speak and the right to speak freely and this is just a conclusion."
"The Federal Government and he supported the motion, but he stated that the Nunavut Impact Review Board can decide how long this moratorium will take."
"Through the Department of Justice officials, Baffinland expressed their dissatisfaction with the motion for a period of eight months and opposed to this motion until notice."
"All of this information session was scheduled to take place on November 2," and it says Brad Armstrong, the legal counsel for Newfoundland.
"No one said he had no plans to start this day.
No comments were made in this regard. "
"Megan Lodge-Wong, the vice-president of the recycling program for Baffinland, indicated that delays would have an impact on" immediately "project.
"However, we will take steps to continue to provide and protect over 3,000 Canadians with jobs, 476 being Inuit."
We have to know that the Inuit will be working with us.
"We need an opportunity to deal with the problems with the program," and Mr. Loehr says.
"Although the Qikiqtani Inuit Association says that they can't help with the work on 2, Mr. Akeeagok stated that they will continue to work towards keeping people informed about the project and that the project's economic potential will not be limited."
"Against Mary River.
We are working with them.
We own the Inuit land.
"We support Inuit employment."
"We have spent a lot of money and effort to make this project economically viable for a long time.
"Given that, we must find a balance."
However, there is nothing at this time. "
Mr. Akeeagok also indicated that the community's lack of confidence in the long-term impact of the long-term caribou harvest is important.
"As an Inuk, these issues have a direct impact on our culture's rights."
"This was very visible to the elders when they were here and they didn't think about themselves, so it's for the future."
I feel for that.
"My decision is not only for now, but for the next one."
Do I leave them with a better foundation than I did?
"This is the foundation of decision making, no matter how you live," it says.
"In its recommendation, the Nunavut Impact Review Board provided an opportunity for submissions to be written on November 15."
"From there, the Nunavut Impact Review Board will provide written submissions to the motion and how long it takes to wait."
Nunavummiut agreed to amend the Income Tax Act.
"Our government is working very hard to recover the costs of food."
"The Member for Rankin Inlet South-Whale Cove asked the Minister of Finance, George Hickes, on Bill 26, an Act to Amend the Income Tax Act, during the Standing Committee on Legislation" on Wednesday, November 6.
Nunavut's standing committee recently updated the Nunavut Income Tax Act to amend the Income Tax Act.
"Changes, third reading on Wednesday, November 6th, included an increase in the personal expenses from $13,325 to $16,000."
"This means that taxpayers will receive more than $3,000 per year than the Nunavut Income Tax."
"Another change is to increase the living allowance from $1,200 to $1,500."
"This means that taxpayers who pay more than $60,000 will receive an additional $300 tax credit."
As well, the Nunavut business tax rate for small businesses has decreased by 4 percent to 3 percent.
"Our government is committed to addressing the issue of food tax rebates."
"The Government of Canada's Fuel Tax Rebate Program came into effect on July 1st, with a fuel price increase that would have been 5 cents per litre, the Government of Nunavut introduced a fuel rebate program, which is a fuel price increase, which is a fuel price increase."
"During discussions on income tax reforms, Nunavummiut agreed that the corporate income tax should be returned to Nunavummiut."
But they couldn't agree on how best to do that.
"Adam Lyall, Member of the Legislative Assembly for Iqaluit-Manirajak, expressed concern that, and I quote," with the reduction of the income tax rates, the government will require a tax credit for government operations. "
"It is my understanding that the current federal contribution that we desperately need and our own source revenues from 10 to 15 percent of our total contribution.
"We have to spend a lot of money on our own revenues that we have to operate," it says licences.
"Why is the government attempting to use Calm Air to help the government operate?"
"The" comprehension of the tax revenues that we're getting from a small portion of the Government of Nunavut and Carmen tried to make it acceptable to our own businesses. "
Mr. Lyall also indicated that this amendment to the Income Tax Act would be most appropriate for returning Nunavummiut.
"It also indicated that this company tax credit will go to the Government of Nunavut for its purpose of reducing Nunavut's dependence on such services."
"Climate Change is a major concern and it needs to be addressed now and for the future.
"As I noted in my Member's Statement, I have brought forward suggestions for our government to develop or address the issue of energy conservation in Nunavut."
"Why hasn't these ideas been considered and proposed to be used for corporate taxes?"
Mr. Hickes responded by saying that each department - responsible for detailed projects - hearings.
"Some departments have been working with departments, including the Qulliq Energy Corporation, which are responsible for developing energy-efficient street lights for all Nunavut communities, which were approved during the previous sitting."
"In 2019-20, the Government of Nunavut feels that it will raise approximately 12 million dollars in taxes."
It would be broken down as follows:
2 million dollars for government wide capital projects for public housing and government buildings such as schools and health centres.
3.6 million dollars for the new Nunavut Electricity Subsidy Program.
6.2 million dollars will be returned to Nunavummiut and Nunavummiut working this year in the development of amendments to the Income Tax Act.
However, with respect to the licence plate, he stated that they weren't getting together properly.
"Looking at the 50 percent recovery of the tank and another 50 percent of the payroll tax, why is it so small for energy saving measures?"
"Mr. Hickes responded by saying that the federal government's share of the corporate tax will increase annually in the next five years, and this 50 percent reduction in the importation of petroleum products until next year's increase in tax revenues will result in additional revenues for other projects."
The Act received second reading was passed on November 6 and third reading on the evening.
"Although this is the first time, Mr. Lyall, yesterday's new son said to the Legislative Assembly that he only had three hours left."
"Shortly after the e-mail from Nunatsiaq News, Mr. Lyall indicated that he was not satisfied with the vote on the Act."
"I don't agree with the intent of Bill 26, I don't think it's a proper year's policy, it's written by Mr. Lyall and he was going to make that statement in the House.
"The purpose of kN tax reduction is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and climate change.
"Does this Act include any power tax credits for individuals who wish to help, or did the Government of Nunavut establish a mechanism to assist people in purchasing and developing energy conservation measures so I was very pleased to have concurred with the legislation."
Although they were not satisfied with the passage of this bill.
Mr. Hickes said that he would be able to listen carefully to the ideas on how to use the corporate taxes that are being collected in Nunavut to reduce the amount of dollars that are coming from Calgary.
"I strongly urge the public to write a letter to the MLAs or to the government concerning its actions in this area."
"Nunavut visitors were more than 34,000 in 2018-15."
The Government of Nunavut is tabling an annual tourism report for 2018-19.
Travelling to Wayne O'Canada (O M) to conduct research on the Northwest Passage near the eastern Hudson Bay area.
(Photos of Eddy in Toronto)
"From April to September of 2018, over 51,000 visitors from outside of Nunavut."
"The following is the Nunavut Tourism Annual Report for 2018-19 from the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which was tabled in the Legislative Assembly earlier this month."
"The same people who came here spent $271,383,000 on travel and transportation costs."
The report does not provide a detailed breakdown of how much was spent on travel.
"By contrast, there were approximately 16,750 visits from non-Nunavut residents from May to October 2015, following the following year's visits to Nunavut."
"Baffin and Kivalliq are among the most visited communities from July to September of 2018."
"Qiqirtaq was visited by 95,600 residents of nearly half (53.2 percent) went to Iqaluit with a budget of $75.1 million."
Pond Inlet and Pangnirtung were second and third communities visited here in the Baffin region.
"In the Kivalliq region, Rankin Inlet received 33,600 visitors and $68 million, near Baker Lake and Arviat."
Cambridge Bay was one of the most visitors from the Kitikmeot.
The water for Washington's research vessel is from Alaska to Kimmirut in August 2019.
"In 2018, 3,404 cruise ships travelled to Nunavut twice a year."
"The sealift operators spent $388,351 for municipal services, the report also states."
However, the weather and ice conditions affected half the cruise ships that wanted to visit Nunavut.
"The Department was provided with an update of eight Inuit carrier operators travelling 23 Nunavut communities from July to September of 2018."
"The vessel received 3,404 passengers together."
"More than half, or 59 percent of the cargo that was shipped to Pond Inlet came from Nunavut."
"Iqaluit is the second round of cruise ship visits which is 8.3 percent, following Qikiqtarjuaq, which is 6.1 percent visit and Grise Fiord is 5.9 percent."
"The cruise ships visiting Pond Inlet did not only use the total of $245,565, but these visitors visited mostly 100 hours from 189.5 hours of cruise ship visits to Nunavut, as reported."
"Cambridge Bay, Gjoa Haven, Kimmirut, and Kugluktuk were not visited by sealift in 2018."
"In the report, both Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven expected seven visits, but both were cancelled due to weather."
"The report indicated that Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven had an impact on the cancellation of cruise ship visits with a total loss of approximately $25,000."
"Information provided in the report indicates that" the results of the out-of-territory monitoring activities in 2018, conducted research on sealift operators and other visitors in Nunavut last year. "
"In 2018, the GN responded to community concerns from Pond Inlet and Clyde River regarding cruise ship traffic."
"In its report, the Government of Nunavut consulted with organizations such as the Arctic Winter Games Research Group and all of the cruise ship operators to avoid going through this process."
"It also indicates that" Tourism is a separate development, with the government's support for development. "
"In Nunavut, this means building capacity and employing Nunavummiut in the tourism sector."
"There is always a lack of dedicated and skilled tourism sectors.
"Without qualified professionals, tourism has not yet been identified for its potential."
"Skills is known as a tourism sector in Nunavut," the report says.
"Introducing, the Government of Nunavut's Inuit Coastal Resource Inventory, which provides 12 years of experience for Inuit to work in cruise ship research, the report says.
"In the report, both the Government of Nunavut Tourism Research Institute are Inuit."
"In the past, tourism industry has not been collected much, which leads to confusion about the size and benefits of Nunavut's economy," the report states.
"The department has contributed 115 projects related to tourism in 2018, totalling $1,272,822."
The mandate includes:
"Nunatta Heritage Centre, Authentic Nunavut Trade Show: $50,100."
"Bulk Fuel Storage Tour: $48,383."
"To the Hamlet of Igloolik, to initiate the Igloolik carvings: $81,785."
"The Arts and Crafts" published: $99,872.
"Nunavut Development Corporation and the Winnipeg Art Gallery New Store: $225,000 over three years."
"The Mary River project, if it's a commercial purpose, let's actually table it."
Members strongly encourage Baffinland's investment in this sector.
Members sit on the Iqaluit Rotary Club's fourth day of the Nunavut Impact Review Board's public hearings concerning the Mary River mine's proposed road expansion project at Mary River.
"Nunavut's process of complying with the law industry development, which began in 1993 with the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, has not played a role in such areas as regulatory, environmental and social assessment of the Mary River project over the past ten years."
"This was advertised in Iqaluit earlier this month, when the Nunavut Impact Review Board held its final public hearings on the $900 million for a highway expansion proposal from Baffinland's Meadowbank mine.
The last two days meeting that was scheduled for Pond Inlet was cancelled.
"At the same time, Baffinland has paid hundreds of billions of dollars, for various minerals that are at risk."
"During the document, the Nunavut Impact Review Board still decided to make a recommendation to the Government of Nunavut that, if approved, delay the process from eight to twelve months."
"The Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation, Qikiqtani Inuit Association, indicated that they were not in a position to support or approve a long-term expansion of the highway."
"However, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's activities, the Qikiqtaaluk Corporation has expressed its support for this initiative."
We also have Arctic Co-operatives Limited.
This is a very complex program.
"On behalf of Baffinland, the Deputy Minister of recycling, Megan Lodge-Wong, announced that these companies were just worried about the possibility of this project," "we will do our best to protect and protect Canadians with over 3,000 jobs, which are Inuit."
"Last week, Baffinland announced in Nunatsiaq News that they had cancelled 490 southern contractors and 96 contractors."
That's why we're getting to the biggest question that hasn't been answered on the project: the Mary River funding.
"Baffinland has expressed its potential for mineral development, but it is unclear if the regulatory bodies are allowed to build 110 kilometres long-term road between Baffinland and the development of an increase of approximately 12 million tonnes per year, and they would also be able to do this with 176 trips on a regular basis."
"The problem is, they have not yet published a public report on this program."
"In the past, more professionals were no longer asking for this."
"It was last year, although they didn't have anything to do with what the stakeholders said."
"For example, during the summer and fall of 2018, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association challenged with Baffinland to protect the Nunavut Impact Review Board."
"On August 31 of this year, the Nunavut Impact Review Board decided that the Government of Canada would reject prior and smaller initiatives from 4.2 million to 6 million tonnes."
"So Newfoundland and their partner, QIA, started a lot of work."
"A few weeks ago, they wrote a letter to the Chief Electoral Officer, Mr. Danny Leblanc, who was the former federal minister of the Arctic, requesting that the Board's decision be amended."
Why is that?
To the money.
"The Inuit Association has indicated that they have recently frozen the Mary River mine's capacity, which will require significant grants and contributions, in excess of $20 million in the new IIBA."
Ottawa agreed.
"The focus of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's concerns about the potential for funding for the mine, the federal government agreed to the Baffinland proposal last year."
"We are also concerned about the long-term viability of the Mary River mine and we will be aware of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's concerns regarding the economic development project that would be based on the RFP," from Labrador's September 30, 2018 letter signed by the federal-provincial-territorial minister. "
"Let's say, it's going to be very important for this Assembly to have a public-federal-provincial-territorial commitment to economic development that is important and valuable in this regard."
And they did that even though they didn't show up in the budget.
This is a big problem.
"Because if it's true that this project doesn't generate any revenue, the Member for Baker Lake may want to see what he says is true."
"In all aspects of the Mary River project, Baffinland's staff -- should be establishing a number of benefits for the following environmental impact statement."
"However, with respect to program financial success, I don't think the Nunavut Impact Review Board is interested in creating a public registry."
"For example, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has recommended that a lengthy financial statement received from the Department of Fisheries and Oceans" be used "and that it not be tabled in the Legislative Assembly in a public document."
(E-mail is still on the website.
The Nunavut Impact Review Board's recommendation was to adopt this document after its release in 1999 and it was removed from Baffinland's request.
"In this case, Baffinland wanted to submit, on its own, a shorter financial statement saying why Mary River could generate more revenue through a larger development."
If you want to become an independent body, it may cause problems.
In fact, Baffinland has made some improvements.
"In response to this, the Nunavut Impact Review Board made a different decision, which does not make sense."
"If the federal government is going to be able to generate revenue, then the federal Income Support Board is required."
"Definitely, the Nunavut Impact Review Board and other regulatory bodies must pursue additional measures in this area."
They deserve it.
"As well as the Baffinland Business Credit Corporation, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association."
"In addition to addressing these types of issues, the federal government is amending the federal legislation to govern the Nunavut Impact Review Board's processes, the Nunavut Planning Commission and the Program Review Act to ensure that financial information is provided in the future."
"Of course when they've said that, there are still a lot of questions that have not been answered by Baffinland's final proposal, related to the long-term road impact of the caribou, the impact of the cruise ships, the lack of Inuit employment, and so on."
"A number of questions have been brought to my attention regarding the proposed new deep-sea port project in Arctic Bay, which has been approved by Baffinland in 2013, and is able to produce approximately 18 million tonnes of quota for next year.
It is not clear why Baffinland has not completed this plan.
But the biggest question is how can this program continue.
Child and Family Services increase in Nunavik
The shrimp fishery in Northern Quebec takes advantage of its commitment.
The children and teachers were here at the Ilavut Centre in Rankin Inlet in 2016.
"In the past year the Quebec Government added additional resources to support members of the early childhood education program, based on family income."
"As of November 7, 2019, programs were no longer in place."

Marianne Aningmiuq
"Economic adjustments in Quebec will result in additional funding for family and child services in Quebec, including Nunavik."
"The Quebec economy was determined at 2.4 percent in 2018-19, which is 0.6 percent higher than the original idea."
"In this case, the Quebec Finance Minister, Eric Giroux, announced on November 7 that this $857 million dollars will be used to meet the previous year's commitment."
Two major initiatives include the Children's Advocate and the Child Benefit.
"The renewal of Quebec's economy and its investments have resulted in Quebec's success," Jim says in a news release.
"Economic growth in Quebec gives us an opportunity to reduce debts and achieve the government's commitment."
"In addition to this program, Quebec has no longer received any additional benefits from the Child and Family Services Act which came into force by the Governor General in 2016."
"Through this program, additional benefits for children will be paid on top of the day's income."
This subsidy was increased by 15 dollars per day to higher income earners.
"The families who make $50,000 have not received any additional assistance."
"On November 7, information will be recovered from Quebec's day care fee of $8.25 million, which will no longer cover the cost of all income."
This new payment from Nunavik will be used through the Illitiit Society through all government programs in Nunavik under the childcare program.
"Through the Quebec news release, this new fee will be for this year, and this article from Montreal News reported that this will be effective January 1, 2019."
"Last week, the Director of Early Childhood Services meeting in every community of Nunavut, the Honourable Joe-Anne Bert, was not informed as to how or when these payments would start in Nunavik."
Mr. Speaker, the Prime Minister's first set of priorities was to "Reduce the slow process of reducing dependency on fossil fuels" and "no longer in 2022."
Investment and the recently-established surplus of $4 billion in 2019-20 fiscal year is a speedy process.
"and removing the cost of childcare, Quebec Government is making progress in reducing the child tax rates that were promised to be established in 2021."
"Starting January 2020, the Quebec Government announced that the family up here will receive an increase of $779 per year."
"This subsidy is based on income, minimum wage at $1,000 to the maximum amount of $2,515 per year."
"This new provision deals with child equality," it appears that the Liberals cannot afford to pay higher child tax benefits than the oldest child.
"Today, we will complete the implementation of a variety of activities that will benefit the people of Northern Quebec."
"We are getting more money back from Quebec."
A former Nunavut MLA Peter Kattuk passed away with long illness
"Peter was respected for his efforts to deliver services and environmental benefits."
"Sanikiluaq's operation has been incorporated into the Nunavut Court of Justice's appearance on Wednesday, November 20, at the end of the evening, with respect to former MLA and former Minister Peter Kattuk, during his death this morning."
"The Sanikiluaq Community Justice Centre was constructed on Wednesday, November 20 by the Nunavut Court of Justice before the Nunavut Court of Justice in Iqaluit, with a view to Peter Kattuk of Sanikiluaq, who passed away this morning due to illness."
"Mr. Kattuk, 69, an excellent suggestion made by the Honourable Member, Mr. Mrazek's home, became a member of the Nunavut Legislative Assembly at the beginning of February 15, 1999, when the Hudson Bay Electoral Boundaries Commission voted on this first Nunavut Legislative Assembly and they held its first general meeting on November 1 of this year."
"Peter Kattuk (left hand) with the former Commissioner of Nunavut Peter Irniq on April 12, 2000, when Mr. Kattuk was sworn in as the Nunavut Minister."
"Earlier in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Kattuk was the Minister of Culture, Language, Elders youth on April 12, 2000 to replace Member Donald Havioyak, who resigned his duties."
"On December 17, 2001, Mr. Kattuk was re-elected as Minister of Community and Government Services, dealing with this issue until 2004."
"In 2004, the Sanikiluaq voted against Mr. Kattuk as the MLA for Hudson Bay until 2008."
"Peter represented the constituency of Hudson Bay for eight years as a two-year term and one of my thoughts is," Nunavut's Speaker, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak.
"When he was born on June 2, 1950, Mr. Kattuk spent many years in Sanikiluaq on environmental issues, as mayor and community leader."
"In the early 1990s, he was a member of the Sanikiluaq Impact Review Board, which brings together awareness of the impact that major hydro projects in Northern Quebec have had on ice and sea mammals in the Belcher Islands."
The theme of the report was "Tasiujarjuaq Shop: Traditional Knowledge for Inuit and Dene Hudson Bay."
"As the Mayor of Sanikiluaq, Mr. Kattuk spoke against the existing Churchill power plant proposal."
"After that, Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut and Hudson Bay working group, called the Nunavut Hudson Bay Neighbours Regional Roundtable."
"This organization, which was established by the Government of Nunavut, Nanisivik and the Hamlet of Sanikiluaq, monitors the progress of Sanikiluaq's next hydro project proposal, has been on hold since the Eastmain and Rupert River."
"In 1996, Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Management Board, a body established in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement."
"Peter Kattuk spoke to the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on February 19, 2008, at the end of the Second Legislative Assembly in Hudson Bay."
"Kootoo Tattuinee, President of ITC, remembers Mr. Kattuk" who was doing a lot of things "and he was able to get this seamstress in Sanikiluaq.
"This Honourable Paul Okalik, who was the Premier of Nunavut, appointed Mr. Kattuk as the Minister of Culture, Language, Elders .outh in April 2000, to say that Mr. Kattuk tabled Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit prior to this announcement."
"Peter was involved in the review of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit in the early stages of this report" and Mr. Okalik stated in the media in April 2000.
"Before he wasn't a job minister in 2001, the corporation had to deal with a" despair "incident.
That's what happened in the Arctic with NTCL's re-supply of gasoline to Nunavut and it destroyed the snowmobile engines in the Baffin and the Keewatin.
"In dealing with this issue, Mr. Kattuk took on a different responsibility: the Government of Nunavut decided not to use NTCL and re-allocate the fuel delivery providers to the Petroleum Products Working Group in Labrador."
"He was re-elected in October of 2017, but he came in third place, Allen Redfern."
"Peter was well respected for his commitment to career services and environmental challenges," the Mayor spoke about his statement.
"The new Member of the Legislative Assembly announced that he would be pursuing access to housing funding, implementing $NDRIP (TOP) for aboriginal rights)."
Cheryl Brewster wants to visit the new year and look for an Inuktitut interpreter.
As one of the Members of the Legislative Assembly, Shelby Brewster won the gold medal in question-Greco-Nunavut-Enterprises in October from the federal election.
(photos from Chelsea Poisey)
The new Member for Nunavik wants to hear about Inuit leaders "concerns.
As one of the Members of the Legislative Assembly, Shelby Brewster won the silver medal in Phoebe-Greco-Enterprises-Enterprises during the campaign last fall when the federal election was selected for 37.7 percent of his election.
"When Paul Kopak's Member of the Legislative Assembly speaks French, he stated that he was looking for an Inuktitut interpreter to work with them."
"I want to make a very clear statement about the needs of aboriginal communities."
"To date, Baby expressed two important needs in emergency situations in Nunavik as he knows about health and housing."
"Although health care is a province, it is a federal subsidy, it says Paxil.
"In order to increase the health care benefits, the federal government must consider how it allocates it."
Paxil has been working on health for over 30 years.
"When LHOs were campaigning, they indicated that provinces needed 10,000 housing units over ten years."
"In this case Mr. Briggs has been talking about building different designs."
"If this government wants the Liberals to move forward, then we have to look for solutions," Bourassa says.
"This new Member may not be seen in Nunavik, but he wants to attend the next annual general meeting of Makivik, which will be held in March."
"Following the election of Bobby, Makivik President Charlie Ford, it was a newsletter that welcomed the Apex to Nunavik as soon as possible."
"I look forward to meeting with you, and supporting our efforts to support businesses and initiatives such as the implementation of the Jonah Amitnaaq Program," in Fort Smith.
In consultation with Inuit leaders it would assist in their work to assist Makivik in their efforts to develop their own business.
"Bibbons fully supports Bill C-262, which would bring the Canadian Constitution into line with the International Association of Human Rights."
"The two different Acts that he replaced, Ontario Member Romanow Sharks."
"When this Act was introduced in 2018, Bill C-262 was put on hold by the Hudson's Bay Company last spring but the Liberal Government representative from the Hudson's Bay Company, Mr. Peter Hamilton, indicated that when he was re-elected that the Liberal Government would have to implement the legislation."
"It is important for me to continue to deal with Bill C-262 when complying with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms of Indigenous Peoples and the work of my predecessor Ruth Constituencies."
"I will continue to support this project and I've been committed to assisting the Rotary in future activities.
It is unacceptable that Canada does not have this system in place until 2020. "
Mr. Trudeau: No surprise.
"If you have a good idea, don't expect it."
"Jane Watt-Cloutier, who was the Minister of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development on March 23, 2018, along with the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami President Nathan Fleming, announced that the Government of Canada would dissolve the Inuit Circumpolar Conference until 2030."
It was less than a year since he resigned as a Member of Parliament.
I'm just wondering if you have found out during the federal elections or which leaders weren't really talking about the importance of Nunavummiut and the northern territories.
That is no secret.
"The more important lawyers seem to be thinking more about the rest of Canada, because in the south, there are not enough people who would be voting even though they're talking about northern people that the majority of Canadians have never heard about."
"The Liberal Government made this known. When they went bankrupt, they left behind because they were so late in the north and they were able to set up a northern policy prior to the election."
"During the time of the campaign, most aboriginal issues, many northerners raised concerns, without much attention."
"As a result of the new decrease in Justin's focus on the new government, and that the Board was sworn in on November 20th, it appears that they will continue to do so without too much attention."
That is one example.
The primary purpose of this increase is to eliminate or eliminate 50 percent of the H1N1 cases in the Inuit homeland up to 2025 and to reduce it by 2030.
"This included initiatives to provide $27.5 million over five years, to" establish a "four members of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami."
"However, it was stated that it seems like it's smelling like it's going to be broken.
He resigned from Trudeau's legal counsel on March 4th with the dissatisfaction of Mr. Trudeau's unwelcome work in Winnipeg.
He did this within four days when Trudeau first came to Iqaluit and apologized for the fact that Canada had treated people with tuberculosis in the 1950s and 1960s.
"Since then, they kept the voice in the north about tuberculosis."
"Although they ran for office, this was not done much."
"To date, tuberculosis has just dropped."
"For example, in the Northwest Territories, tuberculosis rates between 2006 and 2016 have been recorded and documented in 248.5 individuals, the Department of Health has conducted only one community survey."
"This happened in Naimee, 2018, when there was a flu outbreak and a young boy 14 years old passed away by this patient while she was at the hospital, Jane Johnson."
"In Nunavik, 313 people were diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, along with tuberculosis in the Inuit homeland, 234 cases were diagnosed."
"However, no community-based surveys have appeared to have been conducted in Nunavik since 2018, since the Bathurst Mandate."
"Despite the fact that Nunavut recently experienced high rates of tuberculosis, Mr. Stephen Harper and Mr. Dryden were shortly elected."
"In Nunavut, there have been approximately 670 cases of tuberculosis cases between 2006 and 2016, with 171.8 out of 100 thousand and active cases in this case."
(interpretation ends) No one has been affected by the Inuvialuit.
"In that case, there were no serious cases of TB between 2007 and 2016."
TB is a serious illness due to lack of resources.
This has been brought to my attention.
But it is true.
"When people don't have enough food and if they don't have adequate housing, TB can develop."
"Also in light of this, the poor situation in Cape Dorset, during the 12 weeks of tuberculosis testing expired in May."
The 2016 unemployment rate was approximately 27.3 percent.
"In 2015, over 15 years of income was $18,933."
"From the 370 units, 120 units required major repairs."
"As a result of the Canada Overcrowding, the 140 units from the 370 units were referred to as" homeless "from Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation's regulations.
This means that there are not enough bedrooms per capita.
There are a few people in Canada who are lacking housing.
"It is no secret that over the last 20 years, tuberculosis is a crisis in Nunavut and other circumpolar countries."
And it doesn't seem that tuberculosis can be stopped in those communities unless major changes are made to houses and better.
"However, during the last election campaign, Trudeau's legal counsel did not provide any public housing units, but they reiterated their 2016 and 2017 operations commitments."
"In this case, they were not allowed to reprimand their language, nor did they have any concerns about this."
"This is also reflective of the results of Canada's national emergency cases, where tuberculosis rates in the Inuit homeland are over 300 times higher than non-aboriginal Canadians."
"In Nunavut, it may be worse."
Last year's report revealed that one hundred infants in Nunavut may have this disease.
"Given that they are not overly concerned with the issue of emergency management, what are the concerns of the Liberal Government with respect to other issues such as mental health, community housing, training, and so on?"
"If you have a good idea, don't expect it."
"If you don't do that, prepare for it to go down."
"Please note that the statistics of tuberculosis are ongoing from the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami's" Inuit Tuberculosis Program, "which was released in November 2018.
The Cape Dorset statistics are the results of Statistics Canada's final report on the 2016 census.
This new year will see new RCMP officers and resources focusing on Nunavik's policing system.
RCMP and use of specialized cameras has been installed.
The Tuqtarvik community constables will be recruiting new RCMP officers and cameras in early 2020.
(filmmak)
"Given the fact that there has been a lack of staff for many months, the standing committee encourages all communities to see the efforts of more RCMP officers."
The RCMP commanding officer John-Bourassa appeared before the Committee of the Whole on November 26 of this year.
This included ten graduates from each of the detachments from the Ontario RCMP College this week.
Advertising also included employees who have been retired and who have been able to talk to people about employment at the Tusarvik Centre.
"Due to the lack of staffing capacity, the Tamartirvik's detachment has been RCMP officers in Quebec's RCMP detachments, from Scro-Nunavut's Enterprises, RCMP officers."
"In September 20, there was a police force in Northern Quebec."
"The Quebec Police has been slowly reducing the RCMP's efforts to recruit community constables."
Cultural orientation initiatives
The Inuit Cultural Skills Program will be offered to all RCMP members on November 18.
"Skills training was developed in all communities by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police" and included information on Nunavik's airport, Inuit culture, and policing activities in Nunavik.
"This is a three-hour program and once they have completed their training, they are able to apply for a job."
"This training program is intended to help meet the needs of every community's RCMP officers in selecting their cultural perspectives," it states.
"The second training program is a nine-hour long and requires all RCMP officers to compete, which says Laurie."
This is expected to be completed in the new year.
The cameras will have to be used by the RCMP.
Another piece was added to the RCMP and was appreciated by the members is the need for security cameras for RCMP staff.
This equipment is currently using six cameras.
"This program has been initiated by Nunavik's interests in the Tuqtarvik so that all communities can become more active in their efforts."
"The Ministry's Community Constable Program aims at providing Inuit with access to programs and services."
The Member for Churchill, Hon. Jobie Tattuinee anticipated that these cameras would be able to assist people who have had problems with the RCMP.
"We hear complaints about RCMP programs and they say they don't really want to say anything.
"It's called" RCMP officers. "
"These cameras have to be used."
"He's re-emphasized that if only one or two RCMP officers were misrepresented, this would have a significant impact on the RCMP as well as a major concern for all RCMP members."
"It is anticipated that these cameras will be installed in the near future."
Ms. Love indicated that these cameras would be in use in January.
He's saying that he's not doing enough and that there's not going to be enough activity offered by the RCMP.
"I recently suspended an RCMP officer last week due to a lack of compliance," which states.
"We don't want RCMP officers especially in Nunavik."
Nunavut's adjacent waters are talking about renewable energy management in the Arctic.
"Representatives from Northern Quebec, Canada and Jonah Stace are discussing options and findings."
"Bernard Perform, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation established this year's Northern Strengthening and Community Conference in Iqaluit, November 22, 2019."
(photo of the American Contest)
The renewable energy experts in the Arctic met in Iqaluit on November 21 and 22 to consider and learn from their experiences in the Arctic.
"Witnesses from Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, Northwest Territories, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, Kalaallit Nunavumiut and Jonah Street addressed the challenges facing different communities."
"Meetings," M'Clintock Channel "and the Enterprises" Enterprises (improving the management, including new programs and stakeholders), were organized by the American Presidents of the Government of Nunavut and the Qulliq Energy Corporation. "
"Bernard Peryouar, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation, announced that meeting with them was a communication link."
"In this area of renewable energy in our communities, we would really like to know what other jurisdictions do, and find out how they have achieved their mandate or their deficits," Premier is saying.
"Pereira also stated that although it is important that representatives meet to discuss the issue of fuel conservation, there is a Nunavut event here in Alaska."
"Some communities have access roads so they don't have too many people in Nunavut communities.
"However, they are faced with the same challenges, such as space, to deal with issues at the community level, so we can see similar problems."
"Chris Rose, the Director of renewable energy in Alaska, stated that the Alaska Energy Subsidy Program helps to support renewable energy development."
"We were able to build 80 communities that have been able to take advantage of renewable energy in addition to diesel fuel.
"We feel that we are aware of how this has benefited," Ross says.
"This subsidy program, designed to promote renewable energy projects, and helps Alaska greatly in the area of lower energy costs."
"Ross said this morning in South Baffin, that five communities are working together to develop wind energy and they are using this technology."
"There is an integrated knowledge of how to operate and maintain windmills and they can help each other in resolving the problem," the Rotel says.
"In Alaska, like Nunavut, the power bills are very expensive."
Rosemary said that the communities use windmills not just for electricity but also for heating.
"What they've done is they've put small furnaces in people's houses and they're covered under diamonds that seem to be stuck on the floor.
"When the winds get stronger, they go into the heating system, and they set up a very small information package for furnaces and electrical inspectors."
"The" wall hangings due to heat-free, this can continue to warm up. "
"It can be turned off or burned off in a home that's accepted, and if they can't do it they can have another heater."
"However, in the Kalaallit Nunaat area, the installation of windmills has been a challenge, especially for News North and Eric Hamilton, the technology of recycling in Nuuk."
"The issue of cold temperatures and solar panels is not an easy task for producing windmills from the south that are produced in the north, it says (interpretation ends) Halloween."
"Mr. Hawker also indicated that two wind generators were installed in other parts of the north, but were unable to."
"We can say that in Greenland we have chosen more to deliver programs.
"Even two windmills were installed in 200 different locations and one of the 150 communities was tested."
"One of the windmills collapsed, for the other one, the drain was too cold for the cold and the engine broke down, he said."
"In 2019 during the federal election campaign, three territorial governments announced that the selection of Nunavut's Texas fuel will be eliminated by 2030."
"Although it may take a while to develop recycling projects that could be used in the north, Mr. Hawker said that the use of fuel is an urgent matter."
"We have to do something about the fuel that we can no longer use, because of climate change, because we already have a problem."
This is for legal purposes because it's not going to be used for petroleum products there should be equipment but there's no funding.
"To be fiscally responsible, it says,"
Mr. Pereira spoke about the importance of consulting with Nunavut residents in the Arctic.
"I think that's something that should be considered other than how to start working on recycling."
Some people have been using the tools and they have had problems in the south even though they are capable but they can't live in the north.
"If we have the financial capacity we will be able to track the problems," it states, "Barbara."
The Government of Nunavut should involve Inuit in the development of the Education Act: NTI
"This is an important policy change that will affect a lot of Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut."
"Alookie Kunuk, President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, spoke to the Standing Committee on Legislation during its consideration of Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act."
"Alookie Kunilusie President, NTI"
Issue: Minister Joanasie's Article in Nunatsiaq News on Bill 25
"Minister Joanasie wrote a letter to Nunatsiaq News on November 25, 2019 concerning discussions between the Department of Education and Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated concerning Bill 25, indicating that these consultations were conducted in a spirit of confidence and offered an opportunity for NTI to voice their concerns."
The Minister's vision of encouraging NTI to hold public hearings and NTI's hearings is the Government of Nunavut's vision of working together in the past.
That is not the case.
"Inuit have the right under section 32 of the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to participate in the development of social and cultural policies, as well as the development of social and cultural programs and services, including the delivery of programs and services."
It has to be a different foundation.
Bill 25 amends the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act to establish policies and procedures for Inuit language instruction.
This fundamental shift will affect many individuals, children, and children in Nunavut.
"In this case, the Human Rights Tribunal is developing and developing."
NTI did not have the opportunity to participate in the development of policies that are specific to the proposed Bill 25.
"It is not only breaking the government's obligations outlined in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, which reflects the efforts that have been made to achieve greater Inuit goals and objectives."
"NTI has developed regulations for the Government of Nunavut, such as the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Official Languages Act and the Wildlife Act."
"We know that it's going to go ahead, NTI informed the Premier and the newly elected government to manage and work together to meet the priorities of Inuit, including education, language and culture."
"The Department of Education did not submit a draft to NTI until August 31, 2018, at which time the department provided a draft plan for community consultations."
NTI had less than a week to do a study on Bill 25 and they have to prepare for the Nunavut consultation tour.
This is not a labour relations issue.
"The department co-ordinated consultations with a well-witnessed and unable to address or address the concerns raised by Inuit, NTI and other organizations such as District Education Authorities and the Coalition of Nunavut District Education Authorities were also in attendance."
"I further encourage the Minister of Education in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to ensure that programs are delivered in a manner that is consistent with Article 32, and that the department manages its obligations, obligations and obligations and to take advantage of the Queen's award in partnership with Inuit."
"NTI believes that the re-drafting of the Education Act should be implemented as part of an Inuit-specific framework should be changed to the department's administration, and the overall recognition of Inuit rights."
Aluki Kuutiq
"President, NTI"
