5th Assembly
Official Report
Monday, March 19, 2018
Pages 603 – 684
Speaker: The Honourable Joe Enook, M.L.A. Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Hon. Joe Enook
Charlie Audlakiak
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Ministers’ Statements 603
Members’ Statements 606
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery 614
Oral Questions 616
Tabling of Documents 638
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters 639
Report of the Committee of the Whole 681
Third Reading of Bills 682
Assent to Bills 683
Speaker’s Statement 683
Orders of the Day 684
Monday, March 19, 2018 603
046 – 1(5): Nunavut’s 2018 Youth Award (Quassa) 603
047 – 5(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing Project (Alakannuark) 604
048 – 1(5): Red Seal Curriculum (Savikataaq) 604
049 – 2(1): Funding for New Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie) 605
050 – 1(5): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Ell-Kanayuk) 606
096 – 2(1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Grandchild (Rumbolt) 606
097 – 2(1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq) 606
098 – 5(1): Flowers Bill (Thompson) 607
099 – 1(5): Expansion of School Programs in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 608
100 - 1 (1): Concerns about Larga Boarding Home (Mikkungwak) 609
101 - 1(5): Tribute to Rosalind Ejangiaq (Netser) 610
102 - 1(5): Percy Mike’s Order of Canada Under 150 (Kattuk) 610
103 - 1(5): Budget Address (McLean) 610
104 - 5(1): Two More Elders Receiving Care (Tootoo) 612
105 – 1(6): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers of Search and Rescue (Kilabuk) 613
106 - 1(5): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie) 614
123 – 2(1): Private Securities Bill (Hickes) 616
124 – 2(1): Status of Site Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 617
125 - 1 (1): Attendance Break Policy (McLean) 618
126 – 1 (1): Status of the old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Kattuk) 619
127 – 2(1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Netser) 620
128 – 1 (1): Update on Attorney General’s Office (Irqittuq) 622
129 – 2(1): Income Support Policies (Tootoo) 623
130 - 1 (1): Mine Training (McLean) 624
131 – 2(1): Support for Hospital Employees (McLean) 626
132 – 5(1): Insurance Policy for Government Facilities (Hickes) 629
133 – 1(6): Expansion of Curriculum in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 630
134 - 1(5): Grants and Contributions (McLean) 632
135 - 1(5): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 633
136 – 1(5): Early Childhood  ⁇  Early Childhood Education (Hickes) 634
137 – 1(5): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts (McLean) 636
029 – 1 (1): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Matter Report from the North Aarru mine Re: Meliadine Project (McLean) 638
030 – 2(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four Metal Garage (Netser) 638
031 – 2(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Runway Extension in Repulse Bay (Netser) 638
032 – 2(1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 639
033 – 1(6): Options under Supplementary Retiring Allowances (Speaker) 639
34 – 2(1): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker) 639
015 – 2(1): Extension of Question Period (McLean) 632
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations  ⁇  Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee 640
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations  ⁇  Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 644
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 680
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations  ⁇  Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations  ⁇  Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Hon. David Akeeagok, Hon. Pat Angnakak, Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak, Hon. Joe Enook, Mr. George Hickes, Hon. David Joanasie, Mr. Joelie Qaunaq, Mr. Mila Kamingoak, Mr. Pauloosie Keyootak, Hon. Paul Quassa, Mr. Alexander Sammurtok, Hon. Louis Tapardjuk, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak,
&gt;&gt;House commenced at 13:33
Speaker (Hon. Joe Enook) (interpretation): Mr. Quassa, please say the opening prayer.
Speaker (interpretation): Good afternoon, Premier, Members, Nunavummiut, and the people listening to the radio broadcast. Welcome to your committee.
We will proceed immediately to the orders of the day.
Premier of Nunavut, Mr. Quassa.
Minister’s Statement 046 – 1(5): Nunavut’s 2018 Youth Award (Quassa)
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good day to my fellow residents of Igloolik, my colleagues, and all Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Donna Main-Kimaliardjuk, who will be awarded the 2018 Council of the Federation Youth Award in Winnipeg.
This is the very first time that a doctor has been certified as an Inuk.
Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was born in Chesterfield Inlet and is the first Inuk veterinarian...
This year is the fourth year of a six-year program offered at the University of Ottawa.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kimaliardjuk was appointed in 2014 as the only Canadian veterinarian in Canada.
In 2016, she was also a member of the Aboriginal Affairs Council, an advocacy group representing Inuit.
During his tenure, he served as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the protection of Inuit health and culture.
Mr. Speaker, the award represents the highest honour and privilege of any aboriginal person in Nunavut.
These awards celebrate Nunavut’s 25th anniversary in 2018 and pay tribute to 350 aboriginal people, Inuit and non-Inuit, who demonstrate outstanding achievement.
The award celebrates a culture that promotes the diversity of indigenous peoples across Canada.
This year, the awards ceremony will take place on March 23 in Winnipeg.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Natsiq Kimmaliardjuk as one of the recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
She has dedicated her time and energy to this cause and it is a cause for celebration for Inuit, as well as for the Department of Health, which we are very proud of, and this is a testament to our young people here in Nunavut.
I know that when I talk about this issue, I am very proud of Dr. Kimmaliardjuk. I’m sure that he will work towards this goal and it will be very important to us.
Minister of Justice, Minister Peterson.
Minister’s Statement 047 – 5(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing Project (Cambridge Bay)
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I rise today to talk about the tradition of sewing for these men at the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility.
The inmates in this program are involved in sealskin preparation, sealskin preparation, and other forms of clothing, such as sealskin floats, sealskin floats, sealskin pelt and caribou meat caches.
Rosemary Anglesey is operated by Sandy, a respected elder, and her sewing skills are world-renowned.
He just came to Norway to train with seal skins.
She was a former student of Nunavut Arctic College’s Fur Production and Design Program and initiated the work of the Literacy Council of Nunavut.
Mr. Speaker, Rosemary’s role is to assist inmates in providing culturally relevant, safe, Inuit language and cultural healing programs.
The sewing program will collaborate with and support on-the-land training for inmates so that they can learn how to prepare skins and seal meat.
These furs and skins will be used for the Fur Production and Design Program.
Programs such as this provide an opportunity for inmates to reintegrate into their communities once their sentence has ended and they are encouraged to move into a more informal and non-violent society.
I recently visited the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility and I was very pleased to see the positive impact it has on the cultural programs, especially for the elders in the communities like Rosemary Sandy.
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Minister’s Statement 048 – 5(1): Red Sealift Workshops (Savikataaq)
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I say  ⁇ good day ⁇  to the people of Arviat.
Mr. Speaker, this includes certified heavy equipment operators, such as loaders, graders, and outboard motors.
In September of 2016 the Heavy Equipment Operator Training Program was delivered in three Nunavut communities.
This gives Nunavummiut the opportunity to obtain on-the-job training and certification from the program known as certification.
In November of 2017 the Government of Nunavut was granted the authority to issue red certification requirements for heavy equipment operators and heavy equipment operators.
Mr. Speaker, as part of the Heavy Equipment Operator Program, the Certified General Accountants Program demonstrates their experience and commitment to employment anywhere in Canada.
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that we have been able to showcase to Nunavummiut the National Award of Excellence for outstanding achievement and accomplishment for Nunavummiut.
Minister of Education, Mr. Joanasie.
Minister’s Statement 049 – 2(1): Funding for New Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Good afternoon, my colleagues, people of Cape Dorset, and Kimmirut.
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to announce today that the Department of Education will be providing O ⁇ M funding to eligible daycares.
Mr. Speaker, this increase is a result of the three-year program plan my department developed for early childhood and child care facilities following the agreement signed in September 2017 with the federal government.
Mr. Speaker, in the current fiscal year, we will see eligible daycares receiving an increase in funding of $1,918.80, with the highest annual cost of $45,494.80, depending on the number, type, and location of each daycare.
As long as the day cares do not increase their tuition and fees they will be eligible for similar funding in the next fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, this money will not only help fund day-care costs, it will also help to keep family day care costs down.
Mr. Speaker, we are proud to provide this funding to help day care centres and families.
I also believe, and it is evident that we also believe that this funding will have a positive impact without changing the overall funding and daycare expenses.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Sheutiapik.
Minister’s Statement 050 – 2(1): Nunavut Mining Symposium
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Good day, Nunavummiut and my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, the mining sector plays a key role in Nunavut’s economic development.
Mr. Speaker, my department is committed to supporting the mining industry in Nunavut so that it can benefit from these activities.
Mr. Speaker, this year’s national event will be held in Iqaluit for the 21st annual Nunavut Mining Symposium, which will take place on April 9 to 12, 2018.
This conference provides an excellent opportunity for people to explore the potential of new opportunities in Nunavut’s mining and mining sectors and to ensure that our communities are aware and active in the mining and exploration sectors of our territory.
It is our hope that this year’s mining symposium will continue to attract investors from across Nunavut and we look forward to more than 400 participants.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to welcoming the mining industry, Inuit organizations, prospectors, community members, and other stakeholders to this important conference.
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would like to encourage all Members of the Legislative Assembly and the public to participate in this public forum on April 11.
It’s not just an opportunity to get good equipment, but it’s an impact on search and rescue. I’ll make sure that all of the parties respond to your question.
Members’ Statements. Member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
Member’s Statement 096 – 2(1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Granddaughter (Rumbolt)
Mr. Speaker, five years ago to this day, the former Speaker stood up and said,  ⁇ I have been a grandson for the first time in five years. ⁇ 
Happy birthday, Jayden.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member’s Statement 097 – 2(1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I will be talking about our youth and how we can better plan for their future.
I rise today to share good news with my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to inform the House that Inuit youth from the Kitikmeot will be gathering in Cambridge Bay next week to help Kitikmeot youth achieve their full potential.
Mr. Speaker, this gathering allows Kitikmeot youth to meet and discuss their priorities and concerns with youth.
It includes:
Mental Health;
Youth facilities;
user experience;
Respect for Inuit societal values, including residential school solutions and reconciliation; and
Protection of the Inuit language and culture continues.
Mr. Speaker, participants from Taloyoak are:
Judy Kruger;
David Tungilik;
Harold’s daughter;
Louobre Oleekatalik; and
Crystal Mitchell.
Participants from Kugaaruk are:
Becky Metuq;
Miranda Rose Aqviq Qinguq;
Christine Tirana Qingnguq;
Chantel Kanayuk Qirngnuq; and
Pauline Illuitok.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in wishing them the best of luck in their deliberations.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Liechtenstein.
Member’s Statement 098 – 5(1): Flowers Bill (Bloody Falls)
Mr. Lichtstein: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to express concerns that have been brought to my attention by constituents regarding the legalization of marijuana.
I just received a letter that said,  ⁇ For my family as residents of Iqaluit we are in the social housing condominium program next year.
Over the last couple of years we’ve been smoking, we’ve had to move smoke, and the smell, the smoke coming into my house and it’s very strong. ⁇ 
The letter further indicated that, and I quote,  ⁇ I am deeply concerned about the effects of tobacco on children, my children, and others in this situation. ⁇ 
Mr. Speaker, we live in Iqaluit and my family live in apartment buildings.
Mr. Speaker, air pollution affects other people’s ability to smoke.
Mr. Speaker, it has been a long time since non-smokers have been exposed to second-hand smoke by the government and there have been regulations in place to prohibit smoking.
As a father, when you have children, I don’t want them to be negatively affected by diseases that include tobacco, marijuana.
As my colleague from Pangnirtung noted, the question was directed to the Minister of Health regarding the potential health consequences of marijuana.
At the same time, I have spoken to many of my constituents who have the same concerns.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that when dealing with issues of this nature, we have to be flexible.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that the Government of Canada will be enacting the Tobacco Control Act within a few months.
Mr. Speaker, I seek unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr Lafontaine, please proceed.
Thank you, colleagues.
Under this legislation, elders are allowed to retain control of marijuana. However, the government will have to determine what regulations are in place to regulate the use of tobacco in our communities.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet also noted last week that the government’s own consultations and results indicate that there is concern over the agriculture and distribution of public housing units and duplexes.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that when this legislation is introduced in the Legislative Assembly, it will be important to clearly address these concerns and I look forward to the opportunity to work together with my colleagues.
Before we proceed, members will note that Mr. Akoak is not here today due to illness.
Mr. Akoak, I wish you a speedy recovery.
Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Member’s Statement 099 – 5 (1): Expansion of NTEP in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say  ⁇ hello ⁇  to the people of Baker Lake and all Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage our government to increase the number of training opportunities in Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Baker Lake is one of the fastest growing communities in Nunavut. It will be very important for the government to step up its efforts to provide training and employment support to the residents of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School administers a number of programs in Baker Lake.
This could be expanded to make the public more aware and more knowledgeable about Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, the idea of establishing a university in Nunavut has been mentioned. In fact, Agnico Eagle Mines has stated that they would provide this type of support if it were to move forward.
I think it would be best if we put Nunavut in the middle because it’s also the centre of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, one of my colleagues stated that it’s very important that these things happen before they pass.
Government wheels run at a slow pace, but at the same time we need to encourage and push forward whenever an opportunity is available on our tables.
Mr. Speaker, this is the beginning of our term as the Fifth Legislative Assembly, and I too would like to see us take a big step forward.
Expanding training programs in those communities and Baker Lake would be a great step forward.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Member’s Statement 100 - 5(1): Concerns with Larga Boarding Home (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Puqiqnak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good afternoon, colleagues, Kuglukturmiut, and Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage the government to be more vigilant with respect to the daily operations of medical boarding homes.
Mr. Speaker, my constituents have raised a number of concerns and it appears that a number of them have been addressed in the past.
Food problems and waste have persisted for months.
Mr. Speaker, it is important that the government ensures that services that are provided to Nunavummiut are delivered in a timely manner.
I understand that hotels have to accommodate a large number of patients on a daily basis but it is also important however important they may be that they are comfortable and well looked after.
Mr. Speaker, it is unclear if boarding homes will be included in the review of the medical boarding homes.
I look forward to the review and the recommendations that will be made to improve the services and conditions of our medical boarding homes.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Member’s Statement 101 - 5(1): Congratulations to Rosemary Ejangiaq (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would also like to recognize a young person who has graduated from high school, but has worked very hard and has been recognized as a recipient of the Bachelor of Education Degree from the University of Prince Edward Island.
Mr. Speaker, Horowitz is the recipient of the Canadian High School Scholars Award. These scholarships are awarded to high school students despite the many difficulties faced by successful students.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ms. Ejangiaq for her perseverance and commitment to continuing her education.
Our young people face many difficulties and challenges in completing their Arctic College courses.
I ask all members to join me in congratulating my achievements. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Member’s Statement 102 - 1(5): Percy Mike’s Order of Canada Under 150 (Kattuk)
Mr. Nakashuk: Thank you.
Good afternoon, colleagues, my relatives, and the people of Pangnirtung.
I rise this afternoon to congratulate a constituent of mine from Pangnirtung who was recognized by Dennis Patterson.
I would also like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to the 18 years of volunteer search and rescue service in Pangnirtung, Mr. Piusie Mike, who has been working for the search and rescue organization for 18 years. I am very proud of his accomplishment.
The last name on my list is the Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
Member’s Statement 103 – 5(1): Budget Address (McLean)
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say  ⁇ good day ⁇  to the people watching the televised proceedings.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer some observations and recommendations on the government’s approach to fiscal management.
Mr. Speaker, for those of us who are new to this House in the last couple of weeks, we have learned a lot from our experience.
Mr. Speaker, as the Chair of the Regular Members’ Caucus of the Legislative Assembly, I would like to thank all of my colleagues for the opportunity to work together since the beginning of our new Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, I’m very proud that we made a strong public statement on Friday that the Legislative Assembly will not simply rubber-stamp the government’s own procurement policies.
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Iqaluit-Tasiluk made a very important motion on Friday, and this House will reconvene its spring sitting.
Mr. Speaker, although we are a territorial government, this has not always been a functioning government.
For example, as I indicated last week in my opening comments, when we were dealing with the college’s capital budget, the government listened to our concerns and even made some changes to the budget.
I would love to see more of that happening in the weeks and years to come, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, over the last few weeks, Members of the Legislative Assembly have asked a lot of questions on a daily basis.
I think it’s pretty obvious that we need to do a lot more research on the government’s expenditures.
It’s not enough if we just count out money.
I seek unanimous consent to conclude my statement, Mr. Speaker.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mrs Main, please proceed.
Mr. Maine: Thank you.
Mr. Speaker, I’m talking about measuring the results.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that this information should be made public in this House so that we, as elected members, can make informed decisions, should any of our spending requirements be increased, should they be reduced, or should they be eliminated, and that we can do more with the limited resources that we have.
Mr. Speaker, I will provide the following examples.
I think we can all agree that one of the ways in which the government administers its Fuel Tax Rebate Program is to provide support to our hunters who are not getting enough support.
The Department of Environment, which administers the government’s harvester support programs, needs to take a close look at its programs and how to improve the targeting of harvesters in order to support the price of fuel.
Mr. Speaker, I will also provide another example of the government’s grants and contributions spending.
As we know, the government has spent a significant amount of money on developing and promoting this program.
We do know that the money that has been borrowed from the private sector is what it’s going to cost us.
We know who has received the money.
We don’t know what this money was really used for.
We don’t know how many beneficiaries were hired from that fund and we don’t even know what the money was used for.
Mr. Speaker, as you know, I could go on for a long time, but I will stop here.
In addition, I would like to take a close look at the budget process of the Legislative Assembly and I would like to take this opportunity to work closely with all of my colleagues to strengthen our budget while supporting all of our communities and constituents.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Member’s Statement 104 – 5(1): Two More Elders Receiving Care (Tootoo)
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to pay tribute to one of our most respected elders, Annie Tatty, who was flown to Ottawa.
Also, one of our oldest residents, Amarok, as I stand here in the Legislative Assembly, was sent to Gjoa Haven because he was not an elder in Rankin Inlet.
I want to be heard by the people of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet.
When I was elected in November, I was looking at the budget for the Department of Health. My question was: where are the plans for implementing the elders facility in Rankin Inlet or here in Nunavut?
I was told by the Minister of Health and Social Services that every single one of us as Members of the Legislative Assembly is very concerned about our elders.
At our meeting in Pond Inlet, this issue will be brought up properly.
I am waiting for that.
A few days ago I rose in the House and when we were dealing with capital estimates, I didn’t see it. It’s set aside for an elders’ facility.
I was told that I shouldn’t talk about this because I have to stop.
However, I was grateful to our chairman, Allan Rumbolt, for continuing to express my feelings towards the elders’ facility.
Now I stand here as an elected representative and I do not agree.
This practice of sending elderly people to southern Europe for whom they have not grown up is unacceptable.
As Members of the Legislative Assembly, we want to be a good government and we have told our elders to respect them, and send them out of Nunavut.
Member for Amittuq, Mr. Irniq.
Member’s Statement 105 – 1(6): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers of Search and Rescue (Shewchuk)
Mr. Ningark (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thought I was forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to once again express my pride in one of my fellow residents.
The search and rescue teams work very hard to search and rescue whenever there is a search and rescue situation.
It’s just for their own transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the following individuals from my community of Hall Beach. The search and rescue committee is chaired by Kyle Issigaitok, Vice-President George Inukshuk, and they are: Martha Gibbons, Director of Search and Rescue in Hall Beach, and Daniel Qaunaq.
As well, one of our elders, Abraham Ullalaaq, is an elder.
I was the first one to say that he is the first one to go out for search and rescue. Here he is an elder and here I am younger.
We have to provide more support to our youth, as our elders keep stating the truth.
Instead of believing that the future is created, the future is created.
Now I am on this side of the House, and I am always disappointed, but it is only if I have listened again.
That’s not how you do it to the young people. When you go out, please be prepared.
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to recognize the community of Igloolik’s search and rescue team who held a meeting this week in Hall Beach.
With that, Mr. Speaker, if you’re going to go anywhere, please use your SPOT devices. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation) I would like to ask you where I can go.
Things like that.
The reason why I rise today is to reiterate that the search and rescue organizations have one skidoo, but we have been requesting that they go to the Department of Community and Government Services and they have never received a response.
I would like the search and rescue organizations to be assisted more.
That’s it.
The next name on the list, Member for South Baffin, Mr. Joanasie.
Member’s Statement 106 – 1(5): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
They are listening to some very good news from the Cape Dorset high school, Sam Pudlat School, which is going to be utilized, and there is going to be an individual who will be welcomed into the music industry or the arts and crafts program.
I would also like to take this opportunity to thank the Royal Canadian Museum of Civilization, as well as the contributions of the Hamlet of Cape Dorset.
Nothing.
Member for Quttiktuq, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize four individuals who are here in the Gallery.
First of all, I would like to recognize the Director of Parks Canada, Gina Byrne, and her employee, who always takes care of me and my children, my wife, Carol Akeeagok.
I would also like to thank this individual from the High Arctic who was able to be brought to the Gallery. We are very grateful that my sister, Naomi Kuugaaruk, is here.
I would also like to recognize our daughter who is here for school. She is our daughter and she is always there for our daughter. I am very proud of her. Please welcome Jonathan Natanine.
I want to provide some background on this matter.
When I was a child, I was still a baby...
... the very first time I ever had a proper swimming pool in a lake.
I don’t think too many Inuit harvested their first seal in the lake since we were in the sand on the Belcher Islands.
She was very supportive and she was my mother’s father.
I would like to thank them for being able to come here.
Mr. Uttak and your wife, welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Although my parents are now called Ukkusiksalik Park, I would like to thank you all for providing us with pictures and we are very grateful to our eldest child.
Also, I used to stay in Igloolik and when I was there, Theresa Uttak gave me a cup of tea, and Louis Uttak, I thank you for having a good food. I will be going back to your house again.
Thank you very much.
Welcome to the Gallery.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Mr. Puqiqnak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naomie Kootoogook and Carol Akeeagok, they are my family.
Naomi is from Grise Fiord. I don’t have relatives every day.
Please feel welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would like to recognize and congratulate my husband, Andrew Nakashuk.
Please welcome him.
Mr. Nakashuk, welcome to our Assembly.
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery. I have no more names on my list.
We will move on in our orders of the day.
We will start with the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
Question 123 – 2(1): Private Securities Bill (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice.
I would like to take this opportunity to invite my colleagues in the House over the last couple of weeks to join me in wishing them all the best in their professional development and to provide them with the same level of training.
I would like to ask the minister if he will be bringing forward legislation on this issue during the term of this government.
Minister of Justice, Minister Peterson.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
To date, the Government of Nunavut has no formal system of security.
Mr. Speaker, as the minister is aware, the department is working with a number of companies to provide security services in our communities, such as health centres.
We are in the process of reviewing the policy for the establishment of a Nunavut-based business monitoring centre.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As the minister indicated, one of the last things that we’ve seen is that we don’t have a provincial-territorial-provincial-territorial Chamber of Commerce. We want to make sure that the private sector has the capacity to provide the services that they need.
All the provinces and territories have passed legislation in regard to this issue.
My next question is: once they’re doing their review, will there be a legislative proposal tabled in the House?
Mr. Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Mr. Hickes, yes, we can work towards developing policies or regulations for the Private Sector Act.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Hickes.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his commitment.
Mr. Speaker, at this point in time, I would just like to say that the Department of Justice is monitored by the RCMP and the law enforcement agency is working very closely with the Department of Community and Government Services in the direction of a contract. It should be a contract that the Government of Nunavut has contracted out.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Regulations or policies are prepared by the Department of Justice or other departments. When they draft the policies, our department tries to be involved from the beginning.
I don’t have that information in front of me, but I will look into it and get back to the member.
Question 124 – 5(1): Status of Site Remediation in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
So these are some of the questions that I asked the minister last week in regard to the clean-up of the contaminated site in Baker Lake.
In one of our responses to me, the minister indicated that the  ⁇ final report ⁇  would be prepared and presented to the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
Will the minister commit to providing a copy of this report to both the Hamlet Council of Baker Lake and me as their MLA in the community?
Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation, Minister Peterson.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, Mr. Mikkungwak, I will commit to doing that.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
One of the things that the minister just stood up and said,  ⁇ Can we work with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean up this mess? ⁇  I would be happy to share that good news with the Hamlet of Baker Lake when I go back to the community next week. I look forward to more meetings with the Hamlet of Baker Lake and the Qulliq Energy Corporation officials.
Mr. Speaker, it is possible that the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s warehouse is located in Baker Lake.
The minister indicated that the Qulliq Energy Corporation has already spent $1.68 million to date on the clean-up.
I’m just wondering if he could clarify how much it would cost to clean up that site.
Minister Peterson.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The total cost of the clean-up would be approximately $10 million. That’s the kind of money that I mentioned in my Member’s Statement in terms of the damage that has occurred since the creation of Nunavut and the federal government is responsible for the clean-up.
We’re more than willing to work with the Hamlet of Baker Lake in cleaning up the contaminated site.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
As I noted in my question last week, the federal and territorial governments haven’t finalized their rates yet.
Mr. Speaker, I support the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s claim that damages occurred while the project was under federal jurisdiction.
Will the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation commit to working with the Minister of Justice to review and clarify the legal options that may be open to this issue?
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, as the Minister of Energy and the Minister of Justice, we will work together to resolve this issue.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Liechtenstein.
Question 125 – 2(1): Student Suspension Policy (Thompson)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Public Service Act.
In previous years, the government’s most recent annual reports on the public service indicate how much of this funding was used to address the issue of school leave.
Unfortunately, the 2016-17 annual report did not take into account these factors.
Can the minister provide the House with that information?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Every year, the annual report is tabled in the House and I’m sure that it will be tabled throughout the year.
I’m sure that it will be there, but I can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr Liberadzki.
I would just like to ask the minister if he can also provide to the House how many employees took advantage of this program during the 2016-17 fiscal year.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Speaker (interpretation): The question has been taken as notice.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Question 126 – 2(1): Status of the old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Kattuk)
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today are for the Minister of Community and Government Services.
I have asked the minister this question before. I think Pangnirtung is now the oldest health centre that has been in operation since the new health centre was opened.
The old health centre is no longer being used for many years, but it has remained closed.
My question is: what is the plan for the old health centre? Does the minister know what the status is of the old health centre?
Minister of Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank my colleague for that question.
When buildings that are no longer being used by the government are no longer being used by the department, the question arises as to whether they can be used by other government departments.
The old health centre that was built in 1975 in Pangnirtung was used for that purpose as well.
The Department of Health does not want to use it anymore.
We consulted with various organizations and we haven’t heard from any interested parties.
Following the government routes, we are now making plans to see if they would like to be taken over by the hamlet. That’s where we’re at right now.
If they don’t want it, then we would have to go back to the communities that don’t have income support.
That’s where the process goes.
That’s where we are at right now.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
If I understood the question correctly, the community has now been asked if they would like to take on that responsibility. What is the status of that?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We have not heard from the government and we have not heard from them.
At this time, we are in the process of doing a feasibility study to see if the hamlet would like to take on that responsibility.
That’s where we are at right now.
Your final supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
I also thank the minister for his response.
I don’t know if they want it or if the hamlet wants it, but if it doesn’t go ahead, what happens if the government buildings are no longer going to be used?
I thank the member for that question.
There are four main barriers that we face.
As an example, when the former Pangnirtung Health Centre was no longer wanted by health professionals, we asked if it was in the interest of other government departments.
They didn’t want it, so we will look to see if it’s a wish of the hamlet.
That’s the process that we follow when we go through that process.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Question 127 – 1(5): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker, I am the seal.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
I would like to start off today and I would like to say  ⁇ good afternoon ⁇  to them since I have been here since I have not gone through the afternoon, and I say  ⁇ good afternoon ⁇  to them.
We are heading home very soon.
Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that some of the most vulnerable people in Nunavut have to travel south to receive care and treatment while living away from their families.
You agree with me that when you’re visiting a family, it changes a lot.
The Department of Family Services’ Client Travel Policy is on the government’s website, which dates from June 2013 to March 31, 2018.
It has come to my attention that the former Minister of Family Services has committed to making changes to the Family Abuse Intervention Act.
Can the minister indicate if there have been any changes to the department’s client travel policy since 2013 and, if not, will there be any changes made after March 31 of this year?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I don’t have time to discuss it with the minister in the first place but I can say that this policy will be in place until the end of March 2018 and it will remain in place until the new one is changed.
I have not heard anything from the Department of Family Services officials to see if they are making any changes to the policy.
We can look at it and see if there are any changes that need to be made, but we can’t make any changes.
If there seems to be a change that is going to be beneficial to the clients and to the government then we can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker and thank you, Minister.
The Department of Family Services’ new family travel policy states that an elder who is cared for by a social worker in a foster home can be visited by two family members or their chaperones on an annual basis.
Can the minister indicate if this policy has been amended to allow two family members to visit twice a year?
There are two return tickets available and two trips are available for one trip or two visits.
Just to be clear, there are two return and two return tickets per year for each foster home.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Will the minister commit to considering changes to the family travel program for adults in care.
At the end of the day, we will have to review the policy, but at this time, I can’t commit to reviewing the policy as a whole.
I’m sure that there will be a review done on the medical travel that is paid by the Department of Family Services.
We will have to work with the Department of Health to make sure that the policies are followed, but at this time, I can’t commit to anything else because the Client Travel Policy will be expiring soon.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Question 128 – 1(5): Update on Correctional Facility (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Mr. Speaker, from time to time, a number of my constituents have come to my constituency office to ask for help with medical travel.
During the minister’s recent appearance before the standing committee, members were advised that Nunavummiut can contact the Office of Patient Relations if they have concerns.
Mr. Speaker, the language and where you come from, is a conflict of interest.
Can the minister provide an update on what steps are being taken to contact the Office of Patient Relations?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
Hon. Pat Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand the concerns; we try to encourage people to call a toll-free number, so you can get an immediate response.
I don’t have the information in front of me at this time. There’s also an email address, as well as a fax number.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation) I don’t know if he answered my question or not.
Mr. Speaker, the Information and Privacy Commissioner has raised concerns with respect to privacy issues, and I understand that there is a need to ensure that such personal information is disclosed in a timely manner.
The Ombudsman has a form in which he identifies complaints or concerns.
But if you don’t have faxes you can’t send them out on your own, you don’t have all the computers to take pictures that are going to the computer, that are going to be sent electronically.
Can the minister explain to me why the patient relations office should not be sent out very fast?
An Hon. Member: Good question.
Ms. Angnakak.
That’s a very good question.
I think there’s a reason why there’s a decrease in the use of bandwidth across the territory. As a government, we’re seeing more and more usage of bandwidth across the territory.
According to my substantiation sheet, the government has a website that can be found at www. Patient Relations.gov.nu.ca where all communities have health centres.
If you want to send faxes, you can send them out and the government liaison officers have staff in every community.
In their communities, faxes can be sent to our headquarters office.
If the patient relations office didn’t have faxes, I would be more than happy to look into the matter.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Question 129 – 2(1): Income Support Policies (Tootoo)
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to follow up on some questions that were asked by the Member for Kugluktuk in regard to income support.
The minister indicated that the Income Support Delivery System is part of a project selection process.
Can the minister indicate how the search for a new position will be addressed in a clear and concise manner without a mandate?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
With respect to his report on benefits and selection, I would think that if there is no need to hire a full-time indeterminate employee, it would be better to have a short-term or casual employee.
If it was appropriate to look for an appropriate department to go in to do the work, then we would be able to do the work.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Towtongie.
This income support is a policy of the Nunavut Government and not a policy.
If it’s a policy like the arts and crafts, we can’t make changes as Members of the Legislative Assembly.
I have seen that when there is no job for the young person who is trying to work and wants someone to sign a job every month, and that’s what they’re doing on a monthly basis, how they’re going to work for the betterment of the young people and it’s very worrisome, even though the income support recipient admits that they don’t have anything to do with the job that they’re doing.
Can the minister clearly describe what Nunavut’s actual policy is for outpost camps?
Right now it only covers Nunavut and not the north.
The NNI Policy applies to all of Nunavut, not just Nunavut.
It’s only used for outside of Nunavut.
With respect to the review of the Income Support Program, there were changes made to the policy.
At this time, there are still some funds available for income support and for children who are not considered eligible for income support and there was a review done on that.
They signed the contract and I share their feelings on this matter.
If you don’t have a job, then you can’t get a job. You have to make sure that there’s a proper selection process.
Question 130 – 1 (1): Mine Training (McLean)
Mr. Alakannuark (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to direct my question to the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that when mining companies are successful in creating jobs and caring for our environment, these benefits are realized.
Perhaps my question today will be in regard to the construction of the schools.
Last year, you tabled the 2017-18 main estimates for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which included $200,000 in funding for the Nunavut Mine Training Program.
Can the minister provide an update on how much funding was spent to date during the 2017-18 fiscal year?
Mr. Speaker, I hope I was understandable.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would also like to thank the member for his questions.
What I can say on the Mine Training Program, it doesn’t have all the details on how it was spent.
The department is working with Family Services, Nunavut Arctic College, the federal government, our mining industry, and Inuit organizations to develop a number of programs to prepare Nunavummiut for opportunities in the mining sector. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Ningark.
Mr. Nirlungayuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that answer.
Will the Department of Finance be increasing the budget or reducing the budget for the upcoming 2018-19 fiscal year?
Minister Sheutiapik.
I can’t respond to that question at this time, but I apologize if I can go back to the member’s question about the $200,000.
The Kitikmeot Corporation’s Training and Development Program, $61,000 that was spent on this project, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s Literacy Fund, $60,000, and the Arviat Municipal Training Program, $78,000 for heavy equipment training.
Thank you for clarifying that.
As you will recall, last week, I tabled a copy of an article from the Geological Survey of Canada titled  ⁇ Ignico-Eagle Mines Ltd. ⁇  which I tabled in the House.
They will be going out on the land near Hall Beach this spring.
I wonder if the minister or his officials can work with the Department of Economic Development and Transportation to look at other opportunities for mining in the High Arctic.
For that reason, Mr. Speaker, Hall Beach is a small community and they’re going to be getting a lot of money from the mining companies, so I would like to thank them for that.
You also stated that you will be supporting the mining sector.
What I’m trying to ask, Mr. Speaker, is I hope that these issues can be dealt with using the funds that you have identified, for example, the Mary River project.
We’re talking about the Mary River project in the Baffin region. We’re talking about the Kivalliq gold project.
Will these matters be dealt with effectively?
For example, if I wanted to become an Inuk and I wanted to get a higher level position, how can I be taught? How can the Department of Economic Development and Transportation assist me?
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank the member for raising a good question because ED ⁇ T isn’t responsible for that.
The Department of Education has a mine training coordinator and I think it’s also important to recognize that mining activities are different and different, so these types of projects have to be taken into consideration.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Oral Questions.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
Question 131 – 5(1): Support for Medical Staff (McLean)
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
First of all, I would like to say that my question is related to many communities, not just my community.
I don’t know if that’s true or not throughout Nunavut, but our nurses and other health care professionals work within our health centres.
Mr. Speaker, if they are aware of the lack of jobs in English, it is because they have too much work to do.
Due to the lack of staff, there are not enough staff to fill the positions due to the lack of staff.
I’m sure that it’s going to create a lot of hardship for the people of Nunavut.
I hope I was understandable, as I am speaking in Inuktitut, if I was understood.
Let me say it in English, Mr. Speaker.
My question for the minister: can the minister tell the House what actions his department is taking to provide additional support to health centre staff in communities where there is a high workload?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
I thank the member for that very important question.
The issue of staffing the health centre is a very serious issue that we have been working very hard as a department to make sure that we don’t have a shortage of staff in the health centre.
I hope that’s the case, but sometimes there’s a shortfall.
I know for a fact that there is a tremendous amount of stress and strain on our nurses.
Our department tries to do what it can.
As we just recently did in the communities, when the nurses were exhausted, we sent out another nurse to support the nurses.
The information that I have is that the nurse in charge would send the nurse out to the community in case there’s a need for a position.
When a nurse does something, whether it’s vacation or sick, or a nurse that’s in that situation, we look at where that person can get help from in that particular community.
What we’re trying to say is that we don’t want to see a dramatic decrease in the number of nurses working in Nunavut.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Maine.
Mr. Maine: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his response.
I think we’re all concerned about the department’s staffing numbers. Using my two communities as an example, it’s evident that there are still too many vacancies in the health centres.
There’s a vacancy rate of 70 percent, for Arviat it’s 44 percent.
I know that it’s a challenging issue and it’s a challenging one.
I would now like to ask the minister if he can describe the challenges that his department faces in ensuring that there is an additional level of staffing at the community health centres when the workload is consistently high.
Minister Aglukkaq.
I don’t think we’re able to retain them within 30 months, but once they’re trained and they’re in their new positions, it’s very difficult for them to be a nurse in a community.
One of the things that you have to look at as well, since it’s a community-based program, we have been working very hard to put that in place.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Maine.
I thank the minister for his response.
Put another way, Mr. Speaker, we know that there are problems in the communities where they have a lot of work to do and there is always a shortage of health professionals.
I would like to understand in detail what is actually happening with these problems in the communities, what is being done, what is being done, and what are the views of those problems in the communities?
What steps are being taken to ensure that our nurses and other health care professionals are supported by the department?
Hon. Pat Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I just want to be clear. I don’t have anything in my briefing notes on the O ⁇ M side of things.
For example, if we’re only on an emergency basis, they can’t make an appointment because of the volume of work that they have to do or if there are too many nurses that go out on the land, for whatever reason.
Within the department, as I said earlier, we’re trying to fill all the positions, but it’s very difficult because we’re competing with other jurisdictions across Canada.
That’s what we’re trying to do. I know that they work with people that have experience in the north, but not in the north, such as in northern Manitoba.
I know that the Department of Health is very aware of the procedures that our nurses use.
It’s not as easy as we can to help them out. It has to be done right away. If you have any ideas, please let me know.
Question 132 – 5(1): Insurance Policy for Government Facilities (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Finance.
As we all know, Mr. Speaker, in all Nunavut communities, there is a wide range of infrastructure, such as air terminal buildings, health centres, schools, and office buildings.
My question to the minister is: when the insurance is in place, is the infrastructure separate or is it done on a case-by-case basis on a case-by-case basis?
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Our insurance covers a variety of different categories depending on the infrastructure.
Each of our infrastructure has different policies and some of them don’t even have a policy. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I saw on the news recently that some of our community’s schools were being burned down.
Mr. Speaker, the Department of Finance is trying to come up with a solution that will ensure that the infrastructure is adequately insured. We have learned that the cost to operate the facility in Arctic Bay is $10 million.
My question for the minister: can the minister tell the House what impact this will have on the Workers’ Safety and Compensation Commission in the event of another school fire? (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Today, the insurance coverage has increased from $10 million to $20 million for schools that have been impacted by fires.
We continue to urge the Department of Education and all of us to lobby the federal government to address these very costly and unfortunate incidents of arson.
I think we need to continue to measure and show that we can continue to work on safety issues and that we’re doing a better job of promoting self-reliance by increasing our self-insured health benefits. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand what the minister is saying, but I’m afraid that if you look at the municipal insurance program, it’s 50 percent of the cost.
I asked a question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Hopefully we will always have insurance.
Mr. Speaker, the most recent tender for this project is $20 million for school fires.
Our schools and other buildings have to pay $1 million on their own.
There are different issues.
I can’t say how many schools would have to be burned down because they’re no longer insured.
Mr. Speaker, I hope that we don’t see a fire in our government. I thank all members for their support and encouragement as this is a school for our children, our children, and the public.
Not just for the schools, but for the health centres because they are very important to our services.
Any damage is a burden on our client and I would like to continue to encourage that type of infrastructure.
So, Mr. Speaker, a reminder.
This is a public building. It’s for all the students and the public. It’s for schools, health centres, and garages that are out there to serve the public.
I applaud the member for raising that issue in the House. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Question 133 – 1(5): Expansion of NTEP in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, as the member pointed out in his Member’s Statement, as the fifth Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, we have a new opportunity to bring Nunavut to a brighter future.
My question for the minister: can the minister tell the House if he is open to reconsidering the idea of establishing a university in your community in partnership with the private sector and other stakeholders?
Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College, Mr. Joanasie.
I thank the Member for Baker Lake for his question.
At Nunavut Arctic College, we put out an advertisement to various universities outside of Nunavut to see how we can work together.
We are aware that various organizations, such as Agnico-Eagle, have expressed interest in establishing a university dedicated to Nunavut.
We have wanted to move forward on this, but to date we have tried to come up with an agreement with some of the organizations outside of Nunavut that we would like to work with Nunavut Arctic College.
I think it’s important that we continue to provide funding for the training and expansion of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit into the Piqqusilirivvik program, such as the certification of students at the university.
I feel that Baker Lake would be a great place to have that kind of expansion.
Can the minister clarify whether or not she and her officials have consulted with the board of governors of the college to obtain a vision of how to increase opportunities for post-secondary education in Nunavut?
Mr. Joanasie.
We would like to see Nunavut Arctic College provide more opportunities for Nunavummiut to pursue post-secondary education in their communities.
One of the things that you mentioned is the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School. We’re looking at how we can expand the programs.
Yes, the Arctic College Board of Governors will be involved along with my staff, the President of Nunavut Arctic College, and the Vice-President will be making plans to move this forward.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Will the minister commit to getting back to the House on this issue and report back to the House on his findings?
Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Mikkungwak for the question.
The option to build a university in Nunavut is in many respects a public interest.
It says that Agnico Eagle has been able to raise $5 million for a new university if there is interest in building a new university in the region.
I believe the discussions are ongoing.
In the next four years, I don’t know if we’re going to be able to go through that process. We’re going to be doing a feasibility study to see if it’s going to work or not.
Members will note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Maine.
Motion 015 – 2(1): Extension of Question Period (McLean)
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation) Pursuant to Rule 39(7), I move, seconded by the Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that question period be extended. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The motion is in order and is not debatable.
All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Opposed?
As a result, we have extended the allotted time for oral questions by 30 minutes, starting in half an hour.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
Question 134 - 1(5): Grants and Contributions (McLean)
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
I rise today to talk about the Department of Environment’s hunter support program.
Looking at our government’s main estimates for 2017-18 these are three separate items.
Let me speak in English so that I’m clear. (interpretation ends) There are three grants and contributions that the Department of Environment administers for disaster compensation, the Wildlife Damage Compensation Program, and the Fur Pricing Program.
The department has allocated $150,000 for this year.
Mr. Speaker, I would first like to ask if the minister can describe how the Department of Environment determines the effectiveness of its programs and services.
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
That’s three times a year and they have just had a competition at the beginning of March. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Maine.
I thank the minister for his response.
Mr. Speaker, the information that has been provided to me in this House over the years is something that I would really like to see happen with the hunters as well.
In 2011, the Department of Environment reported that sealskins sold under the Fur Pricing Program totalled $800,000.
In 2012, it was $1.1 million and in 2013 it was $1.04 million.
Mr. Speaker, can the minister provide me with an update on the Fur Pricing Program? I would like to know the latest results from this current fiscal year or the last fiscal year. I would like to know if there are any positive results from this program.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I have a copy of what you read.
I can’t say where they are at right now because I don’t have the current bids in front of me.
I can tell you that after the Aqsarniit fashion show that same amount of sales are increased and I’m sure that’s going to be the case at that time when the auction for sealskins is going to be held again. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Maine.
I also thank the minister.
That’s my final question, Mr. Speaker.
The Department of Environment should consider whether or not our hunters should be provided with more funding so that they can provide more assistance.
We know exactly what’s happening in the fox trapping industry in Nunavut.
I believe that the funding that is used for one year is insufficient, Mr. Speaker.
I think it’s too small.
I would like to ask the minister if he agrees with me and if he can look into this further in the coming months.
I agree with you and I look forward to coming to this House with your suggestions for increased funding.
Question 135 – 2(1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
Mr. Speaker, we all know that in Nunavut, hunters are severely damaged by polar bears, which cause damage to their cabins and equipment.
Mr. Speaker, compensation is usually provided for damage, but it can be very difficult to replace equipment that has been damaged or destroyed.
Has the funding for the Disaster Compensation Program been depleted this year?
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
I’m sorry I didn’t hear everything.
Can he repeat his question?
Speaker (interpretation): Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
Our snowmobiles and cabins are damaged by polar bears, especially when we are out on the land.
We know that there is compensation available for damages done while we are away from the communities.
My question was: has the money for this year’s damaged equipment already been used?
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you for clarifying that.
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
The minister said that he will get back to me once he gets that information.
Can the minister indicate which communities in the Baffin, Kivalliq, and Kitikmeot regions have been using these funds?
Yes, I will give it to the regions.
Question 136 – 1(6): Child and Early Childhood Services (Hickes)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Education.
The Minister of Education this afternoon announced that all licensed daycare facilities will be able to receive additional funding depending on where they are located.
Is there a dollar figure as to how much money is going to be given to licensed child care facilities?
Minister responsible for the Housing Corporation, Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
The Department of Education, Executive and Intergovernmental Affairs, has ratified the ten-year collective agreement. The three-year agreement is divided into four phases.
I’m just wondering if you could give us a little bit more detail on what that is, the operations and maintenance, and the total is $1.1 million per year. That’s what it’s broken down by year.
That's the numbers I have.
I thank the minister for that explanation.
Mr. Speaker, when I look at the Child Day Care Act for Nunavut, section 17 of the early childhood education program, it states that all staff who deal with children on a daily basis should receive appropriate training. This is expected to be one of my expectations.
Mr. Speaker, I know that in the area of early childhood education that is offered through Arctic College.
What I’m trying to get at is: are they evaluated to see how well they’re doing in terms of training that’s identified as an incentive?
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
Training is part of the agreement to be delivered over a three-year period.
There’s $1.1 million that’s outside of that.
We want to get more certified teachers that are able to teach early childhood education.
That’s one of the things that we’re looking at trying to increase our capacity for on-the-job training and we expect that to happen in the next three years.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Thank you, Minister.
I look forward to receiving ongoing updates from the Legislative Assembly.
When I look at the daycare workers and the training that they provide, I always hear that when the staff is being taught, it seems to be more effective.
Mr. Speaker, I have heard concerns that there is not enough money for daycare workers.
When it comes to providing the same level of education for our children as it applies to early childhood education, it’s very important that we maintain that level of education.
This funding is to assist daycare workers to earn better wages so that they can continue to work in the facility without having to work there on a casual basis.
Yes, I totally agree with Mr. Hickes and I completely understand and agree that we want children to be well prepared so that they can learn and succeed in life before they enter the school system.
That’s what we’re trying to do and we’re trying to provide support to the daycare workers.
As part of the contribution agreement, as long as the parents haven’t raised the cost of providing daycare services, I think we can do something to make sure that the staff at the daycare centre are getting the maximum amount that they need.
At this time, what we’re doing is still trying to address the need for daycare spaces across the territory.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
Question 137 – 1(5): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts (McLean)
Last Friday, March 16, I asked a question to the Minister of Community and Government Services concerning this issue.
There are a lot of Inuit who are working within the government departments.
On that issue, Mr. Speaker, the minister and I seem to agree that he supports increasing the number of Inuit working for the Government of Nunavut.
This 20 percent is for capital projects such as the Baffin Correctional Centre and the breakwater in Iqaluit and Pond Inlet.
If I understand correctly, Mr. Speaker, it’s between 20 percent and 15 percent.
Can the minister explain how it would be possible to change the number of competitions to increase the number of applicants and whether the department has the authority to do that?
Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
I’m sure he understands that when they’re being worked on by the Department of Community and Government Services, they assist the department with the construction of these units.
If it’s going to be a docking facility, it’s going to be the Department of Economic Development and Transportation. If we’re talking about a correctional facility, it’s going to be the Department of Justice.
Those are the types of things that we work with our contractors to make sure that the contracts are being adhered to. We don’t administer that.
We work with our client departments and we try to find out how many Inuit will be employed.
We try to make sure that we don’t over-expend, but we work with the departments to make sure that we don’t over-expend.
I can’t say at this time that after the tendering process has been completed, we can’t make any changes at this time, Mr. Speaker.
That’s my question.
If that change is not possible, then there will be other programs that will be made available to the public.
Can the Department of Community and Government Services take on that responsibility?
I hope I was understandable, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister tell me, perhaps if he could tell the House why employees from other communities, when they want to work at the major construction projects, can employees from other communities in Nunavut be given the same benefits as employees from outside of the territory that they are receiving?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the member for that question.
Mr. Speaker, the NNI Contracting Appeals Board evaluates the issues and sets out the Inuit employment criteria:
The scope of work;
Inuit are available to work according to their educational background;
There are other local programs that can affect Inuit employment that are available.
Mr. Speaker, we encourage contractors to be local hires from all regions of Nunavut before hiring from outside of Nunavut.
We do encourage people to come to Nunavut to fill those positions.
We encourage that.
We work very closely with the client departments to make sure that they’re meeting their targets.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Maine.
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I thank the minister for that response.
I guess my final question to the minister is: will the minister commit to working with his department on these major projects?
Will the minister commit to working with the service providers to ensure that jobs are created and that Inuit are able to apply for jobs in construction projects that are located outside of the territory?
Will the minister commit to ensuring that this is also an option that will be taken into consideration to ensure that all Nunavut contractors have the opportunity to bid on contracts?
Mr. Speaker, I am confident that the Government of Nunavut as a whole continues to encourage Nunavummiut to look for employment opportunities for our residents.
That’s the way we have always been, and we will continue to do that.
Going to the orders of the day.
Returns to Written Questions.
Clause 9.
Reports of Standing and Special Committees on Bills and Other Matters.
Tabled Document 029 – 1(5): Letters  ⁇  2018 Annual Matt’s Report from North Arrow Mines re: The Meliadine Project (Unaudited)
Last week, I tabled a letter to the president of NorthwesTel concerning the issue of drilling in the vicinity of Hall Beach.
As I stated earlier, I will be supporting the mining companies because my fellow residents of Amittuq don’t have any employment opportunities.
Today, I am pleased to table the following document: the Prime Minister’s response to the North Bathurst Inlet Port and Road Project, which was tabled in the Legislative Assembly in 2018 concerning the government’s plans to develop a long-term strategic plan for the Meadowbank mine.
I believe that this program will benefit my constituents.
I will keep returning to this matter.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Tabled Document 030 – 5(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four Metal Garage (Netser)
Tabled Document 031 – 2(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Runway Addition in Repulse Bay (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to table two documents from Repulse Bay that the government has requested.
The four-bay garage in the community is expanding quite rapidly and the trucks are not keeping up with the demand. The facility is aging and the infrastructure is overcrowded.
Secondly, the extension of the airstrip would be very beneficial to the community.
That’s what the hamlet has written to the government.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Tabled Document 032 – 1(6): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak)
I wish to table today a package of documents under the Department of Family Services’ Client Travel Policy, including the application process and guidelines for client travel.
I have two.
Tabled Document 033 – 2(1): Options under Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act (Speaker)
Tabled Document 034 – 2(1): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker)
Thank you, members. I have two documents to table today.
The first provision of the Elections Act is the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act.
The second document is the Statutory Requirements for Tabling of Documents. (interpretation) Thank you.
Going back to the Orders of the Day.
Notices of Motions.
Notices of Motions for First Reading of Bills.
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters. Bills 2, 3, and 4 with Mr. Rumbolt in the Chair.
In accordance with the authority provided to me by Motion 10 – 5(1), the Committee of the Whole will stay in session until it reports itself out.
Before we proceed to the Committee of the Whole, we will take a 20-minute break.
&gt;&gt;House recessed at 15:54 and Committee resumed at 16:18
Chairman (interpretation): Good afternoon. I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
In Committee of the Whole, we have the following items to deal with: Bills 2, 3, and 4.
Mr. Maine.
Mr. Maine: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We are now reviewing Bill 2, followed by Bill 3, and the supporting documents.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Does the committee agree that we first deal with Bill 2?
Do you agree?
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations  ⁇  Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee
Bill 2 is in your white legislation binder.
Moving on. Mr. Akeeagok, do you have witnesses that you would like to bring to the table?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, Mr. Chairman, if I can, I would like to have my officials sit with me at the witness table.
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses in.
Mr. Akeeagok, for the record, please introduce your witnesses.
To my left is my Assistant Deputy Minister, Dan Kaoson.
I am pleased to appear before the Committee of the Whole to present Bill 2, Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2018-19.
This bill makes supplementary appropriations for the Government of Nunavut to defray the operations and maintenance expenses of the Government of Nunavut for the fiscal year ending April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
Mr. Chairman, over the course of this year, the Minister of Finance has been here for the entire fiscal year, but we are currently sitting in the fifth Legislative Assembly.
For that reason, for the 2018-19 fiscal year, we will be preparing the main estimates in May and June.
To that end, Mr. Chairman, we are proposing an interim appropriation to allow the department to carry out its mandate of providing services to Nunavummiut in the coming months.
The issue of attendance is the need to set aside funds for this year’s general election.
Mr. Chairman, all of our departments and territorial corporations have had the opportunity to review these interim appropriations. Our calculations are based on departmental costs and cash flow over the past four years.
We are satisfied that this amount will be sufficient to operate after the Legislative Assembly has completed its review and passed its annual budget.
The major components of this legislation are:
$8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly;
$11.66 million to the Department of Community and Government Services;
$29.08 million for the Department of Finance;
$49.1 million for the Department of Family Services;
$32.44 million for the Department of Justice;
$10.77 million for the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth;
$64.1 million for the Department of Education;
$85.77 million, Department of Health and Social Services for old office buildings;
$8.32 million for the Department of Environment;
$82.73 million for the Department of Community and Government Services for old office buildings;
$23.29 million to the Department of Economic Development and Transportation for office space;
$73.39 million to the Nunavut Housing Corporation; and
$12.54 million, Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments.
Mr. Chairman, I would be pleased to answer any questions or comments that members may have.
Do members have any general comments?
Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was reading the Inuktitut version. $32.44 million for the Department of Justice in Inuktitut, which is $32.44,000 for the Legislative Assembly.
Is there a difference in the Inuktitut language of $8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly or is that for the Department of Justice?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Just for further clarification, the Office of the Legislative Assembly is requesting $8.62 million and the Department of Justice is seeking $32.4 million.
I apologize if it’s not translated properly. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In this case the English version is correct.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s just a question in regard to the interim appropriations, not the percentages, but in terms of past expenditures and the allocation of resources to be voted on.
I know there was a lot of debate over the budget, but the minister had indicated that if there is a need for real change, we want to ensure that the right departments are able to provide the services that they’re supposed to provide to Nunavummiut.
It doesn’t affect anything, Mr. Chairman. It’s a very important piece of legislation.
So I’m just wondering: have there been any changes to the way that the money is allocated for additional funding in the upcoming fiscal year?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the question.
So far, there have been no real changes to the operations and maintenance side of the project, but we expect to see the capital planning process in the fall. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there any more general comments?
I suggest to members that wherever possible you ask your detailed questions during the page-by-page review of the departmental estimates.
If not, we will proceed with the clause-by-clause review.
Go to Bill 2 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2, page 3, Inuktitut Schedule. Supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Fiscal Year Ending April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Total Operations and Maintenance. $491,804,000.
Thank you, Mr Main, do you have a question?
Mr. Maine: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’m sure I should have brought this up earlier. I have a question for the department on grants and contributions.
It is my understanding that the figures are based on a percentage of annual income, but there are some grants and contributions that are already expended and those that are for the whole fiscal year will be depleted as soon as April 1st.
I just wanted to get a little bit more clarification on the grants and contributions. Is it the Nunavut Housing Corporation that provides the grants and contributions, or is it under the Nunavut Housing Corporation? How is that done when the funding isn’t for a full year?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): That’s a very good question.
Under the appropriations, in the opening comments, it has been four years now, looking at some of the department’s first three months, grants and contributions, and so on.
I can say that the Department of Community and Government Services and the Nunavut Housing Corporation are one of the largest departments and you see in here that their grants and contributions are for operations and maintenance.
If they have to go through an application, there are different ways of doing it, but in the last four years, all departments’ spending is done quarterly. The Department of Finance and the departments agree on how their grants and contributions are done.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Minister Akeeagok.
I guess my follow-up question to that is: can the minister indicate whether or not the normal operations of these types of projects have been put on hold or are they just going to go through the normal process?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Maine.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hopefully, tomorrow, we will be able to meet our obligations and look at the future budgets. We have been able to arrange for the Fifth Legislative Assembly and we have been instructed by the departments and the ministers, and that will be the same for the next three months. In May, we will be reviewing the programs again.
Ms. Towtongie.
I’m sorry, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to welcome the minister and his officials.
In the main estimates, $491,804,000 is on top of that.
For example, in the bill, it states $8,623,000 and in the minister’s opening comments, it states $8.26 million.
It’s not $3,000, but the total amount is $54,000.
Why is that the case?
That’s my question.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The bill has three pages in Inuktitut. These are the main estimates that we’re going to be approving.
That’s the actual number.
As I stated earlier in my Member’s Statement, I was trying to lower the numbers and to keep them as close as possible to the main estimates. I have stated before that I don’t want to say all of the reductions; we have reduced the numbers by a number.
The numbers that we’re looking at in the bill are accurate, and I don’t want to name them all.
Total Centrally Administered Funds. $491,804,000. Do you agree?
Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Do you agree to Bill 2 as a whole?
Do members agree, pursuant to Rule 62(2), that Bill 2 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to thank my officials for preparing this for our government to be able to run this program until June.
Thank you very much to all the Members of the Legislative Assembly for your support in approving this budget, and I will be looking forward to sitting in this House when we start dealing with the rest of the budget in May and June.
Thank you all.
That’s it for Bill 2.
I would now like to ask the minister if he can proceed with his opening comments on Bill 3.
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations  ⁇  Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will keep my officials at the witness table and I would like to inform the members that when we go to the other departments, I have additional staff that I would like to invite to the witness table, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, can I begin with my opening comments?
I am pleased to appear before you today to present Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Legislative Assembly and Executive Council Act, which proposes to increase the government’s total budget by $56,602,000 for the following reasons:
$49 million for the Department of Health to address over-expenditures in the areas of health, medical travel, mental health, treatment, elders’ long-term care, medical treatment, and TB testing;
$6.2 million for the Department of Justice to cover the cost overrun of the RCMP, Corrections and Justice; and
The $1.402 million deficit in the Department of Family Services comes from the Department of Family Services and the Department of Finance.
Mr. Chairman, this concludes my opening comments. I would be pleased to answer any questions or comments that members may have.
Do members have any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3, Family Services.
Total Children and Family Services. $1,402,000.
I just saw that number and I still don’t have that level of detail with me.
Mr. Savikataaq, if you can respond to that question. (interpretation ends) Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don’t have the breakdown of how many there are, but there are two main ones: we send more foster children out of the territory and the number of visits outside of the territory has increased.
For example, there is an elder from Igloolik, which is from Gjoa Haven, who is in Ottawa, who has tickets to visit.
Some of them don’t get any assistance from Family Services, but we do send some people out to visit them.
The majority of our elders who are sent outside of Nunavut are not able to receive assistance in Nunavut. As I stated earlier, there are more and more elders visiting the communities.
When you put together the Elders Program that the Department of Family Services had to take over from the Department of Health, I’m just wondering: in terms of the elders’ facility, is that still under the Department of Health and Social Services?
Some of the minister’s comments are not really related to social services.
Some of them are in the care of the Department of Health and Social Services, but if some of them want to visit, there is funding available through the Department of Family Services for medical travel.
That’s one of the examples I used, Mr. Chairman.
I understand that there is a need to visit some of the children that are in care down south. The money is in the Department of Family Services.
My question is, are there still elders in social services that are not transferred over to the Department of Health?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) According to the information that I have, the information that I have is that the positions have been transferred to the Department of Health.
They are not transferred to the Department of Health and Social Services and they are still administered by the Department of Health and Social Services.
I’m just wondering if there are any other programs under Family Services that haven’t been transferred over. Looking at the information and looking at our business plan, I think they’re all transferred over. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’m confused, but if the Minister of Family Services can clarify that for me, I would appreciate it.
It’s up to Minister Akeeagok if he wants to redirect that question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Let me try and explain it.
I thought the question was: are there children still in the Department of Health and Social Services that need care?
My response was that it’s in the Department of Health and Social Services right now, the Elders’ Programs that we have.
They are still with the Department of Family Services.
The supplementary appropriation is for the Department of Family Services to determine what they’re spending on. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that clarification.
I understand it better now.
Maybe I’ll rephrase my question to make it clearer.
Does the Department of Family Services still care for elders? Does Family Services still have anything to do with elders?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) There are still programs available for seniors, but I would like the Minister of Family Services to clarify that.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that the government’s programs, such as the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, and the Department of Family Services, I believe, are responsible for more than 60 years of age.
If I’m missing something, Minister Savikataaq can help me answer the question. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you to both ministers for clarifying that.
My last one.
When they are sent outside of Nunavut, are they still eligible for income support?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Through you, I would like Minister Savikataaq to respond to that question. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
It varies depending on the situation.
In some cases, people are eligible for income support, but I can’t say that all income support is the same.
I have some detailed questions on this department.
They have indicated that they’re going to be providing some funding from other departments.
Given the current situation, are other branches of the department supporting all Nunavummiut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In addition, most of the money was transferred from the Department of Family Services to the Department of Health’s Income Support Program.
So they don’t receive a whole lot of income support. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for his response.
When you’re giving contributions to different departments, how often do you identify when they’re going to be in a deficit situation and how do you deal with that deficit?
I don’t know if this has an impact on our meeting, Mr. Akeeagok.
As a department, we do report on a monthly basis, and then we come to the end of the fiscal year, which is a little over budget, and then we try to re-profile the department’s budget. If we can’t do that, then we have to use a supplementary appropriation.
We’re on page 4.
Mr. Maine.
The information that I have in front of me is that the number of children in care has continued to increase. As a result of the increase in the number of children in care since 189 years ago, we have 243 people.
Do you foresee that the number of cases will be increasing at this time?
What is the growing need for continuing care?
Do you know what the reason for this increase is?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) The number of clients has increased since 2013. The number of clients has increased.
I know that’s a trend that’s been going on for a number of years, so I’m just wondering if that’s something that’s going to be included in this year’s budget. I don’t want to get into this year’s supplementary appropriation because it’s going to be an accurate budget.
I’m just wondering if that amount is going to be included in there.
As we go through each page, it’s going to be obvious that we’re going to be talking about some of the changes that we’re going through. If we don’t keep up with the budget, then we go through the main estimates.
There will be questions when we get to the main estimates. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the substantiation sheet that was provided to us, it says that the department has a surplus.
At that time, the department announced some recent changes to the Income Support Program.
I’m just wondering if the minister could indicate if any of the surplus that was left over from the administration, if the income support office was used up, or if the majority of the money was going to be given to the income support workers.
Which increases are you referring to?
I’m trying to understand where the surplus went, where was it spent?
I’m just wondering if that’s something that they’re looking at: is that something that they’re looking at recouping, or is that just an increase to the income support amount that they’re looking at in terms of where those surpluses are going?
Chairman: Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): There are a number of issues with the Department of Family Services.
Some of these people were hired to work on the operational side of their responsibilities from a different department and some of these people started working on the job descriptions as well as how they work.
Mr. Speaker, when the Income Support Program was revised, there was some funding for that as well, but the government’s response was that they would send people to residential care and different levels of care.
There are a number of factors that play into how the Department of Family Services has met its budget shortfall for the current fiscal year. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'll be there.
The news release states that  ⁇ This branch spends more than its budget on income support, ⁇  and I quote,  ⁇ making more money into the Income Support Program. ⁇ 
Will the money that is being proposed be for the staff or the income support office?
I’ll have my colleague, Mr. Savikataaq, respond to that question in more detail.
Mr. Savikataaq, please proceed.
The Income Support Program reform has a significant impact on the finances of the department.
The National Child Benefit Supplement, for example, if a person is applying for a child tax benefit, their income is deducted from their income support.
There was a claw back on income support. That will not be happening now. The income support clients will be receiving more money because the family income support is no longer clawed back from their income support.
We are on Total Children and Family Services.
Not previously authorized. $1,402,000.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Justice. $2,600,000.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Minister welcome.
It says here,  ⁇ This is for the purchase of new drugs. ⁇  I’m wondering: in terms of the legislation that’s going to be changed by the Government of Canada this summer, is there a plan in place?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): For those of you, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask the Deputy Minister of Justice to go to the witness table and if I may, I would like to defer that question to the Deputy Minister of Justice.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your witness.
To my left is Deputy Minister of Justice Bill MacKay.
If you don’t mind, can I respond to the question that was posed earlier?
Mr. Chairman, that’s a very good question from the Minister of Justice in regard to the RCMP.
This does not apply to the substance.
We don’t want to see any of the drug-related drugs coming into Nunavut because this is a new drug and we need to learn and implement the program.
In December, at the Finance Ministers’ meeting, the funding that will be provided through the Non-Insured Health Benefits Program, 25 percent of the funding from the federal government will be directed to the RCMP to monitor drug use.
There are two parts to that.
I thank the minister for his response.
Another question I have is in regard to the high cost of housing in the communities.
I’m just wondering if the minister could explain why that’s in there.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Netser.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) In relation to that, the RCMP received nine additional RCMP officers in different communities and as a result, they provided staff housing.
When there’s an extra RCMP member, it’s on a government-wide contract basis. The extra cost was in the $300,000 budget. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr Maine, did you have a question?
Mr. Maine: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the minister’s opening comments, he talked about $2.6 million in the breakdown of the $300,000 for housing.
Would you be able to break it down a little bit more in detail?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): I may be missing a number.
I’ll ask my officials.
Those are the numbers that the member is referring to.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for his response.
Why is it that these vehicles were not expected to be purchased?
I believe it was supposed to be in this budget, if I understood you correctly.
Was that the reason why we needed to purchase new vehicles?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That is a good question.
That $1 million is for vehicle replacement.
Mr. Chairman, we have a contract with the RCMP to provide policing services in the community.
The minister indicated last year that they haven’t had any major changes to their vehicles due to lack of funding.
In the past, they have tried to limit the number of vehicles that were damaged in the community, but this year, they purchased the vehicles that were most in need.
That’s why there’s a big jump in this year’s numbers.
It’s my understanding that they’re not buying as much as they should, but their assets are deteriorating and that’s how it is.
It’s in regard to the RCMP contract. We don’t want to buy each other because we don’t do that often.
However, when we talk with them about financial planning, they agree with each other and this seems to be the case where it has gone up.
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to thank the minister for responding to my colleague’s question.
These drugs, which are said to be new, are probably the most dangerous drugs.
Will the equipment for the study be made available to all the communities or will it be just some of the communities?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, all the RCMP officers will be receiving those vehicles in all the communities.
That’s the new system that we have for the enforcement officers and for the general public. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In regard to the drugs and if they’re dangerous, if they’re starting to find loose tea in our communities, is that something that has been planned or if there are no found drugs in any of the communities? Has the RCMP been found to date?
The people who are coming into our communities are not very happy and I hope that they stop.
There have been a couple of communities that have been impacted and we’re going to be starting to see some of the things that are coming up from the Northwest Territories.
It’s a very dangerous situation and I’m very fearful of the people who will be applying for these substances.
If you ignore these events it's even more exciting but the outcome is risky and I'm glad the police are preparing for it.
Maine: I thought I was done.
That’s my last question.
In regard to the lack of housing in the communities, perhaps you can clarify that for the member.
In the document that we have provided, there are nine additional RCMP officers. There are nine in six communities in Nunavut that have been decentralized to different communities.
That was just a comment.
We will move on. Mr. Hickes, do you have a question?
In the $2.6 million that you are requesting, it talks about interpreter/translators going to court. Did you also require interpreters from the courts?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) At this time, no, there are a number of additional interpreter/translator positions that we would like to hire. The importance of having trained interpreter/translators within the Department of Justice, Mr. Chairman.
I’ll just leave it at that. In the minister’s opening comments, he talks about the requirement to purchase new mobile phones and to keep the existing ones up to date.
I’m just wondering: in terms of knowing that we’re going to need new equipment to replace the existing telephones, are there going to be any money set aside for new equipment or are we going to be asking for additional funding once we know the numbers from the RCMP?
Yes, the planning is being done by the department with the funding that will be requested.
The Department of Finance’s business plan indicates that the Minister of Finance will be there as well for the Public Service, but the RCMP’s plan is that if the Tobacco Control Act is passed, as my colleague has mentioned, it’s for driver’s tests and so on, but there’s nothing in this budget to do with marijuana. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the minister’s opening comments, he talks about having full-time staff at the Baffin Correctional Centre. How many staff do you have at the Baffin Correctional Centre?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Did he say that there were eight?
Mr. Hickes (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to ask a question then. The information that I have on the overtime indicates that the Baffin Correctional Centre costs $180,000. Is that correct?
Can the minister clarify that for me?
Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like to have my Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, respond to that question.
Mr. MacKay: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The nurse in charge, we have a lot of other people working there. If there’s a weather problem, they have to stay there. If there’s a weather problem, then they’re added to the overtime.
When there’s a blizzard, they can’t go home, so I’m just wondering if the minister could give us an indication that there’s going to be more staff coming back to work. Does that mean there’s almost two staff working in a blizzard?
Mr Mar ⁇ n, could you clarify your question?
If it’s a blizzard, then they are sent right away and there’s only two crew members at that time because of the blizzard.
Mr President, Mrs Lepage.
Mr. Cloutier (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My first question is for the Minister of Justice. The RCMP has identified that they will require housing for the next nine RCMP officers.
When you get a police officer, do they get housing separately?
I’m happy to say that one of my staff, just playing hockey with the broken arm of one of my staff, I’m sure it’s okay but I don’t know if my deputy minister can write to me.
You’re going to have to bring in a wheelchair.
My question is in regard to the nine RCMP officers that the federal government provides housing for.
As I indicated earlier, in different areas, we work very closely with the RCMP through our contracts.
I would like to clarify that 70 percent of the cost of the RCMP is paid by the Government of Nunavut and 30 percent is paid by the federal government.
The RCMP is provided with a contract through the federal government. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lichtstein: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’m just wondering if the RCMP is going to be providing housing to all the RCMP officers.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
That’s why they operate in a unique environment and they don’t keep one RCMP officer out on the land.
They don’t expect to get their own housing in the communities on a regular basis, depending on how many RCMP officers they’re going to need.
Under that program, the RCMP has special operations.
When they identify that they need a new RCMP detachment, they try to include all 25 communities for housing. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s unfortunate that the RCMP officers are not trying to become full members of the community.
When the RCMP gets their own home, what kind of assistance do they get?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Lausman.
I don’t think anyone here needs to ask a question like that.
I don’t think we should expect them to buy their own house and that’s why we provide them with housing.
Mr. Akeeagok, it’s up to you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
Those are very good comments that you made, Mr. Chairman.
Although the RCMP has been in the community for only three years, they have been involved in community-building activities.
If the RCMP wanted staff housing, they could apply to the federal government.
So it’s not ours. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question in regard to the RCMP is: how many contracts do you have with the RCMP?
Detail of Expenditures. Page 5. Total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $40,071,000.
If approved, it will be $42,671,000 for this contract. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you for that information.
I’ll go on to the third one. The Corrections Division provides overtime and casual staffing.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Minister Peterson. (interpretation ends) Mr. Lichtstein, we’re finally in the Legislative Assembly. We’re not there yet. Can you wait a moment for your questions?
At this time we’re asking questions on law enforcement, are there any other questions on that page?
 ⁇ Ed. note: Yes, last minute to law enforcement.
In the minister’s letter, they also indicated that the total of the funding, I think it was $40 million, was going to be fully utilized by law enforcement, and it was estimated that it would have to be $42 million.
I’m just wondering how much of that $42 million is projected to be spent at the end of this fiscal year.
I would like to ask the member if he could provide us with the numbers.
If he has the numbers, I would like to get some assistance. I sent the letter on Friday. I believe it was $30 million, but I would like to get some clarification.
A letter dated March 16, addressed to the Chairman of the Regular Members’ Caucus, the Minister of Finance.
My written question is on page 4 of 5 in total.
I would like to thank the member for his question. I see it in the document that we tabled.
That list of $30 million for this year so far has been $30 million, and the plan is $42 million.
They have given us information as to how they are going to be using that $2.6 million. That’s what we’re requesting.
I’m looking at $2.6 million for Program 1 for the Members of the Legislative Assembly in the substantiation sheet, it indicates that the Royal Canadian Mounted Police  ⁇ has been operating under low-grade GPS approaches and, on top of that, it says in the previous request.
Members note that the department is proposing to make some adjustments to the administration budget. However, given the unique nature of the operations, a $2.6 million increase is required to cover the costs of staff training, staff training, additional staffing, and facilities.
This $2.6 million is for compensation and benefits and casual wages. On the same page it talks about $2.6 million for compensation and benefits. It’s a little bit outdated now.
Can you clarify that, Mr. Chairman?
Mr. Akeeagok, if you would like to rephrase your question, it’s up to you.
If you look at the substantiation sheets, it states that there’s an increase of $2.6 million for correctional facilities.
There are two separate amounts, $2.6 million each.
It’s in regard to RCMP radios, housing requirements, vehicles, and other incidents related to emergency situations. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you, Mr. Akeeagok.
If we’re talking about 2.6 million, how much is that, I don’t understand it, can we get that clarified, please?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Ms. Towtongie.
On page 5 of our document, we’re dealing with law enforcement, $2.6 million.
Also, there’s $2.6 million in total. That’s not what we’re dealing with right now; it’s $2.6 million for law enforcement.
Do you have a question?
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you for that clarification.
When I read the Inuktitut version, the English budget is the way it is, in the Inuktitut version, it looks like an estimate, an estimate in Inuktitut.
Can you explain exactly what you mean by the main estimates or the main estimates for 2017-18?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We’re still in the 2017-18 fiscal year and your main estimates are projected to go over that amount. That’s why we’re trying to get approval from the Legislative Assembly for supplementary appropriations for the Department of Justice.
The total of $6.2 million, of which $2.6 million would be for the RCMP.
That’s what we’re requesting from you and from the members. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was just confused because it sounds like in the Inuktitut translation there’s an estimate in there.
Although I understand my question a little bit now, I’m done.
We’re on Law Enforcement. $2.6 million.
Next we have the Total Registries and Court Services, $1 million.
Total Justice. Corrections. $2,600,000.
Mr. Clendenning: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is in regard to the Corrections Division; there’s an annual over-expenditure in that line item, if memory serves me correct, over-expenditures in the Corrections Division.
Is that correct?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is correct. The majority of that is for overtime as well as casual employees.
Mr. Liechtenstein: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If I remember correctly, the correctional facilities have a 12-hour shift. Is that correct?
With the current facilities that we have, I think they’re filled to capacity and they’re filled to capacity, I’m just wondering if the department has given any thought to having a three to eight-hour shift at this point in time, that it would not be possible to do that.
Perhaps I’ll go through you, Mr. Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, to respond to that question.
The member is correct, they work 12 hours a day.
It’s based on the number of hours that they’re going to be working from two hours to four hours, 42 hours a day, 40 hours a week, and so on.
Under the agreement, the cost of overtime was reduced by $4 million and now it’s $2.49 million.
As a result, the Corrections Division’s deficit was $4.5 million to $2.6 million.
We are moving forward now on the overtime pay and we will continue to do that.
As a reminder, please turn your cellphones off and put them on silent mode.
Mr. Liechtenstein: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of my constituents who go out on the land for very long hours, 42 hours a week.
Do employees work 50 or 60 hours a week?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
This is far too detailed, so we have to provide it to the House and we will provide it in writing.
Our deputy minister cannot respond to that question.
We don't have that information.
I don’t know how much information he needs to provide on the operation of the facility.
I would like to ask the following questions.
What kind of training are they given?
With your permission, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that.
With that answer, I think I answered the member’s question. We’re looking at the training and education component of the supplementary appropriation that’s going to be used for correctional facilities.
We don’t provide the training at this time.
We do have a trainer on the contract and that’s one of the major reasons why it costs a lot of money to have the extra O ⁇ M costs associated with providing the training and so on.
We’re also looking at other ways of better planning within the budget to make sure that the staff at the correctional facilities and the court staff are better trained so that we don’t have to rely on contractors to do that.
Ms. Nakashuk.
I was curious to find out about the $2.6 million that was talked about in terms of staff training.
What training programs will be offered to employees and casual employees?
I believe that both the correctional system and the court system provide excellent training for casual employees, as well as staff.
They are hired on a casual basis, on a contract basis, but it’s a matter of a few weeks before they’re hired to do some of the training that’s going on in the correctional facilities, for example, if there’s a dispute or a dispute between the staff and the department on what they need to do.
I’m just wondering if the minister could comment on what types of programs are offered in the correctional facilities and if there are any questions that I don’t need to ask.
I don’t know if they have that level of detail, Mr. Akeeagok.
With your permission, Deputy Minister MacKay has set up a high-level group. I’m not sure if you will allow him to do that.
Ms. MacKay.
I don’t have the numbers in front of me, but I can get back to the member on what kind of training is provided for inmates.
Depending on which of those low-risk inmates or inmates that are housed in the Iqaluit Correctional Centre, there are some pre-employment courses that are offered to inmates so that they can work in corrections facilities.
The Akausisarvik Mental Health Treatment Program also provides programming for each inmate based on inmates’ needs, addictions counselling, and anger management.
Even though they can’t leave the correctional centre, they are given training so that they can work after they have completed their high school education. As well, there are some pre-trades courses being offered at the correctional centre.
In Rankin Inlet they provide probation services.
There are different programs that we provide.
Mr. Nakashuk: I’m done.
We’re on page 5.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance.
Total Department. Not Previously Authorized. $6,200,000.
Page 6.
Department of Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Mr. Akeeagok, would you like to make a comment?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): That was not a comment.
If you don’t mind, we will move on to the next department. I would like to have my officials at the witness table respond to the questions. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was going to give you an opportunity, but at this time, it’s okay if you wish to do so.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Chairman (interpretation): Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the other witness out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your new witness.
He just walked in, to my left, Deputy Minister of Health, Colleen Inuujaq Stockley.
Not Previously Authorized. Total Directorate. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser: My mistake.
I’ll be asking questions in regard to the medical travel.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Are there any questions under Directorate.
I don’t have too many questions, but when we were talking about elders’ facilities in Nunavut, there were three facilities that were going to be funded by different departments.
A couple of days ago when I was asking questions about the feasibility study that was done in Igloolik and Gjoa Haven, they were looking at increasing the elders’ facilities.
At that time, the minister wasn’t aware of how many beds would be used for the study.
I’m just wondering if we could get an update as to what’s happening with the increased elder care facilities.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for that question.
This year, according to the preplanning, it’s at the bottom of the page. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Can the minister update the House today on the status of this preplanning study and indicate what the current status of this project is?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like the Deputy Minister of Health to respond because he is more familiar with the capital estimates.
The Department of Health had already planned capital projects for 2017-18.
The minister alluded to the possibility of increasing the shelter in Igloolik.
With that in mind, after the election, I’m sure the government will have new responsibilities and I’m just wondering if there are any options of increasing the capacity in Igloolik.
It has not gone far enough, but we expect that we will take further action once we know what the government’s mandate is.
In closing, when we’re talking about the use of government programs to identify gaps in our infrastructure, I would like to emphasize the department’s role in addressing issues that arise in the area of elder care.
I look forward to this progress being made in order to better utilize the existing facility and identify opportunities within the territory for new infrastructure that are currently on the waiting list.
It’s more of a comment.
I would like to follow up on my colleague’s questions in regard to the operation of elders’ homes.
I would be interested to know what the breakdown is of the $900,000.
How is it going to be divided among the communities?
The $900,000 is for the three regions and the entire $300,000 is for each of the three elders.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What is the process that the department uses to inform the public if they’re going to be over-expended?
They have just established a new contract and that’s one of the things that they have done.
If there has to be an increase or decrease, the Department of Health and Social Services and the various organizations meet together.
Those are the types of discussions that we’re working on.
They are required to comply with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
It’s indicated in here that there are three new continuing care centres. There are a number of factors that indicate that there are more group homes and more aging facilities.
Going back to the funding, do you anticipate that over the next couple of years, the costs will continue to increase or is there going to be a cap on the operating costs?
At the beginning of the contract, three of them were handled by the Department of Family Services.
The Department of Health’s contract was finally awarded in April 2017.
The information that we provided to the department was not quite the same as what we had seen from Health and Social Services. We looked at it from a clinical perspective as to how many people are in care and who they are.
There were a number of recommendations that came out of the food bank.
When we looked at the contract, it was felt that the elders’ facilities weren’t able to provide what was needed.
We had a deficit of $855,000 last year, so we’re asking for $900,000 right now.
Correct me if I’m wrong, looking at the funding that is available for mental health patients across the territory.
Now, when we’re dealing with trauma, we have to deal with that.
Is there any talk about putting money aside for mental health treatment?
We’re here, we’re just talking about additional operations and maintenance costs because we’re not talking about actual costs.
I don’t think that’s appropriate in this House or in any other way.
Do you have another question, Ms. Towtongie?
Thank you for that clarification.
The mental health contract for 2017-18 is $16.7 million. I believe it’s $6.2 million. What is the status of that contract?
That’s my last question, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, we are dealing with the $5.9 million that the member is asking about, which is included in the $43.1 million.
Detail of Expenditures. Total Capital Expenditures. $16 million and $10 million.
I would like to ask the deputy minister, Ms. Stockley, to explain in detail why there is an additional $10 million for this line item. If you can respond, please.
It’s very good to hear that the people of Nunavut are asking for help, but I think it’s good to have this information by calling your health centre or email.
That’s why there’s an increase in the number of people coming into the treatment centre.
I know that they have mental problems and they have addictions.
There are also costs outside of the Department of Health and Social Services, which is covered through the Department of Justice. There are court orders for treatment and there are also costs associated with that.
Before we proceed to the Directorate, we will take a five-minute break.
&gt;&gt;Committee recessed at 18:03 and resumed at 18:10
I would like to call the committee meeting back to order.
Total Health. $43,100,000.
On the issue of long-term care for our elders, you have identified that there is a growing need for dementia care.
I would think that that number would increase because we don’t have a palliative care facility in Nunavut.
That’s what I’m interested in.
Are they looking at doing something to have this cancer screening centre in Nunavut?
It’s part of the curriculum right now, but it’s not at the high school level.
Those are the kinds of things that are being worked on right now.
On the same page, for the long-term care outside of Nunavut, the last sentence there states,  ⁇ Expand the out-of-territory hospital costs to the Department of Health and Social Services. ⁇ 
I was a little bit disappointed in the minister’s letter with the breakdown that his department didn’t include in that amount.
Does the department plan to spend all of their money in this area?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. On page 6, the first item is $5.9 million. Not Previously Authorized.
That’s why this year, we’re requesting $5.9 million for long-term care for elders. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question was more directed to the Department of Health and Social Services to cover off their deficit from other sources.
Perhaps through you if I make a mistake Deputy Minister Stockley can correct that.
I don’t think there was a question there, but I can respond by saying that the over-expenditures have not been removed from the Department of Health.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for clarifying that.
That’s what the money is not spent on within the department, so we’re carrying over the unspent money.
With the current deficit, we’re trying to balance that out. The remainder of the budget for the Department of Health is $49 million.
The document that I just sent today will be translated into English, it was sent on Friday, and it’s an appendix, there’s no numbers on the over-expenditure, if you look at what’s being planned.
That’s a very small amount when you look at the actual over-expenditures in this line item. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appreciate the fact that you refer to the Schedule on page 4, but what I was trying to get at was the fact that in the letter that we received from the minister on page 4 there is a breakdown of the various programs and funding.
Under Family Services, are they showing the surplus that they’re going to be able to use again?
I’m just wondering why the department hasn’t done that.
The Department of Health and Social Services, there was no indication that there was going to be a surplus.
On page 5, it indicates that the department requires $49 million in additional funding. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Department of Health doesn’t have regional responsibilities.
I’m aware that in the department’s main estimates, the department’s Nursing Recruitment and Retention Strategy, there has been a little over $1 million in surpluses in the past year.
My question for the minister: can the minister provide the House with a breakdown of all the programs that the Department of Health and Social Services has to cover any surpluses under its programs?
You’re asking for a lot of detailed information that may not be available at this time.
Minister Akoak...
...Mr. Akeeagok, please.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for recognizing me.
We don’t have that level of detail.
We will be able to table it in the House at a later date. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’ll move on to the Elders’ Facility, Elders’ Facility Operations.
In the second bullet, it indicates that  ⁇ The current elders facilities are managed through a contract with non-profit, non-profit, Nunavut-based organizations.
I would just like to say that this is a very good program that is available to the public and to all Nunavut organizations.
I’m hoping that we can get as many contracts as we can.
Moving on to a different topic, on the next page, on a 24-hour elders’ care facility, it says,  ⁇ It’s a 24-hour, seven-day week for the Department of Health and Social Services to provide public housing in compliance with the Department of Health’s Public Health Act. ⁇ 
We have to make sure that our elders are looked after according to the minimum standards.
My question for the minister: can the minister tell the House what criteria Health and Social Services has in ensuring that elders’ facilities meet the minimum criteria?
I responded to that question a little while ago.
Mr. Speaker, the department has entered into a new contract with a number of stakeholders, including an expansion of the Department of Health’s organizational structure to ensure compliance with the terms and conditions of the contract.
I don’t know if the interpreter/translators and the Department of Health meet with each other to try and find out what’s going on.
Mr. Monteith.
Can you clarify if these elders’ facilities meet the minimum level of care required?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
As it is a new contract, we have increased the amount of $900,000 to $5.9 million.
As indicated by the three institutions, they’re going to try and meet that need, but they’re not really up to par with the level of care that the elders require.
The minister indicated that they’re trying to keep up with that. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you.
He’s got a sore throat so I’m quiet.
In regard to medical travel, they’re asking for $50 million and I’ve brought this up many times in the House about medical patients that don’t have a place to go, especially in my constituency, there’s somebody that goes down to Winnipeg and then they find out that they don’t have an appointment.
My question for the minister is: does the Department of Health have a list of all the medical travel patients that were sent down to Winnipeg that haven’t been made aware of their appointments, and if so, does the Department of Health have that list of all the costs that were incurred by those patients that had missed appointments, including travel, accommodation, as well as travel costs?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Health Minister has committed to reviewing all of the patients and the patients that were missed or changed as a result of their appointments.
That’s one of the things that this government is looking at very seriously. It’s identified that we’re going to be trying to find out where people did wrong.
One of the things that our member has been asking about, and I’m sure he has seen it in the past, is that these are the types of things that we want to incorporate into the review.
I would like to thank the member for raising that issue and it’s something that we can look at collectively.
That will be part of the review process for patients that have gone to see a doctor without an appointment. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Yes, I will look forward to the review report.
Just recently, on February 26, the federal government allocated a large sum of money to Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, I think it was $82 million, and $80 million was set aside for the TB testing program.
I wonder if the government or the Department of Health and Social Services has requested or if Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami can provide some funding to combat tuberculosis. Has the government discussed this matter with the federal government?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That’s a very good question.
At this time, the federal government’s announcement for the 2018-19 fiscal year will be included as part of the government’s Inuit Tuberculosis Program and it further states that Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami will be allocated a five-year contribution towards this program.
At this time, it states that the committee has an Inuit-owned committee, which includes the Department of Health and Social Services.
At this time, the additional funding will be provided by the federal government and I, as the Minister of Finance, have yet to see the details.
I’m looking forward to seeing the details. If Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami is working closely with us, we will be working with the Department of Health.
That is the situation.
As the minister, we will be kept informed on the details of your question.
I would like to ask another question in regard to the concerns of medical patients.
It says here that it’s not under control; it’s an increase in interest and contract services.
I know it’s a $15 million deficit and I’m just wondering if the department has an understanding of why the costs have gone up.
5.6% is expected to increase year-on-year, but what are the main reasons for inflation?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. Stockley, to respond to that.
The medical travel and medivac travel are increasing every year.
The number of people going on medical travel is increasing too, so it’s a good thing that they’re diagnosed with early detection.
In regard to tuberculosis, this has been a very difficult issue. As well, in all of Canada, we have one of the highest rates of vaccination.
I’ll use an example.
Approximately 60 people had to be medevaced to the hospital in December.
Even though the number of medevacs is increasing every week, we’re constantly reviewing it, but at this time of year, in the springtime, there are a lot of people who have respiratory problems and they’re in a state of emergency.
Combined medical travel and medivacs have all resulted in a significant increase.
Mr. Chairman, I’m not going to go into detail on what the reasons are for the increase.
Can the minister update this House on what steps are being taken to address this issue?
My question is: are we on track or are we being left behind in terms of the number of people who are sick?
I’ll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond.
It’s unfortunate that in all of Canada, the Department of Health and Social Services, we have one of the highest overcrowded houses in Nunavut. Overcrowding is a contributing factor to the health and well-being of our residents, so we’re making progress on that.
We have added to the carry-overs of the Baffin Regional Hospital.
One of the things that we try to do is reduce the number of people that are on medical travel.
We are moving forward.
In other regions, for example, the telemedicine system is to be applied in three regions.
You will hear more and more as we seek to get operations  ⁇  maintenance funding.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I look forward to that when we’re dealing with the main estimates.
When we look at the over-expenditure in mental health, we’re talking about $10.5 million, but the other thing that I’m hearing is that it’s ongoing, but it’s very important.
Looking at the substantiation sheet, it doesn’t say what the cause of the $10.5 million increase is.
I’m just wondering: in your department, are you putting pressure on the department to increase the number of people with mental illnesses or what’s the reason for that?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Both the assessment and the psychological assessments are done.
Fourthly, during the life of this Assembly, the Members of the Legislative Assembly who put their own lives on the line was declared a state of emergency for the government to take action.
So it’s something that we will continue to try and promote. We don’t have any training programs in place to be able to diagnose individuals at the local level.
It will continue to make changes to the way our constituents and Members of the Legislative Assembly continue to raise issues of concern to the public.
My final question is in regard to mental health and addictions workers, how many services do we provide for people who are in care outside of the territory for mental health and addictions?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 64.
How does it feel to have 64 more people, or less? How does it change from the past?
I don’t have that information in front of me, but if the member would like that information, I would be more than happy to share it with him in the main estimates.
Moving on, with the Qikiqtarjuaq TB study, I’m sure all of us will agree that it’s very encouraging to hear.
As it says, the equipment and supplies, will that equipment be retained by the Department of Health or will it be used in other communities for testing, or will it be small, or will it remain in the community for this equipment?
Through you, I’ll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that.
Will the assets of the survey be acquired through a capital appropriation?
I’m lost.
I believe it’s under capital. I would like clarification on that.
I will, through you, have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that.
The bulk of the assets were from the federal government.
The funding that we received from the federal government was for building ramps, for example, for office supplies, for beds, and so on. The Department of Health and Social Services is using the funding that we receive from the federal government.
Mr. Maine: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question, probably the last one.
In regard to the Department of Health and Social Services staffing, it’s my understanding that you’re hiring agency nurses and contracted staff. My department has been very successful in reducing the number of agency nurses.
I would like to ask, this year the payments from previous years, how much has changed in terms of the money that has been paid out to them?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We’re instead using agency nurses and we’re trying to get more nurses in Nunavut.
We’re using more agency nurses than we did last year.
That’s my last question.
If I get the $8.6 million, I would be very grateful.
Broken down by fiscal year, the 2017-18 full-time employee experienced a shortfall of $52.5 million, casual employees made an over-expenditure of $45.3 million, resulting in overtime expenditures of $15.7 million, and casual nurses in excess of $0.1 million, for a total increase of over $8.6 million.
I have one question, though, to say a few words about the breakdown of what you have said, and I add to Mr Megahy’s question.
No, I don’t have all three details.
If there is a nurse in the community of Sanikiluaq who is on medical travel during the middle of the night, who is supposed to be on duty travel, I know that the employee has to be on overtime.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): All the nursing positions are over-expended.
I know the minister was answering questions today on what the department is doing to recruit nurses.
I’ll leave that alone for now.
I would just like to comment that when we’re looking at the budget for the Department of Health, there are physicians, doctors, contract nurses, mental health workers, medical travel, and those types of requests that are made every year.
The number for mental health and addictions has changed drastically from the previous year. I think it was $6.8 million last year.
Earlier in my Member’s Statement, I talked about the budgeting process and I don’t know what changes were made. I think the Minister of Finance indicated that they haven’t made any changes to it at this time, but I believe that we need to make some changes.
When you’re aware of budget overruns and so on, when we’re actually finalizing the budget for O ⁇ M, let’s come up with the amount that’s required and not add anything to it.
That’s just a comment, but I would like to hear from the minister in regard to his comment.
I think that’s exactly what we’re looking at as a result of the fact that the Members of the 5th Legislative Assembly are now considering these issues and we’ve had discussions with some of the departments, health, and justice, and they’ve been coming back and asking for supplementary appropriations.
We need to take action. I’m very happy that we’re talking about this in the main estimates and I’m working closely with my colleagues on this.
Some of it is related to health, but since I’ve been the Minister of Health, the Department of Health has been, and continues to be, very sensitive to health issues.
This is an area where we need to make sure that the budget process is correct, correct, and correct, and that’s what we’re trying to do, but without any changes to the budget process, we need to recognize that process.
That’s the only way we’re going to be able to change some of these things.
When one of our colleagues spoke during the Regular Members’ Caucus, they made a lot of observations.
I am also doing this because we have to be able to work closely together as Members of the Legislative Assembly, because we really need that.
For 2017-18, we’re facing some of the challenges that we’re facing. I look forward to working with the Premier and the Members of the Legislative Assembly to make sure that we’re not spending the resources that we’re supposed to have in our budget.
I just wanted to make that comment and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for giving me the opportunity to speak.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
I appreciate the minister for recognizing that there needs to be improvement.
I just wanted to reiterate, as the minister indicated, that this legislation is regularly updated by the Members of this House with respect to overtime costs for nurses and other health care providers. There is a continual back and forth with supplementary appropriations for overtime and I have raised this issue in the House for the next three and a half years.
My question for the minister: can the minister tell the House how her department is working to ensure that the government’s positions are filled?
Mr. Speaker, if we were to fill the existing positions in the public service, I would suggest that we take a step back to evaluate the strengths of our public service, the strengths of our public service, and not just the challenges of keeping up with the demands of the public service.
When I talk about overtime, I’m going to want to know a little bit more about moving forward on where the priorities are and what the initiatives are so that we can look forward to what we can do.
That was just a comment.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have one question in regard to mental health and addictions. The contract, on the fourth bullet, it says,  ⁇ To provide funding to the Department of Justice for the costs associated with medical travel, ⁇  does that include the $10.5 million?
I’ll make it brief. Yes, they are members.
Mr L ⁇ ttge, do you have another question?
This is going to be my final question to Mr. Main and Mr. Hickes.
For the last one, we’re dealing with a deficit of $8.6 million. Just to clarify, you’re budgeting $143 million to $151 million to $8.6 million.
Total Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, those are for compensation and benefits.
Mr. Clendenning: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Is that $151 million 100 percent correct?
There’s a $25 million increase in compensation and benefits.
I don’t think any of the funds have ever been 100 percent spent.
As I stated earlier, we’re looking at casual employees and overtime. I think what we’re trying to do here is that the $8.6 million that we’re proposing in our main estimates is for compensation and benefits.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It’s not 100 percent accurate in our financial statements. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
When it’s finally there, there are a lot of things that have to be written down.
Moving on to the minister’s opening comments on page 4, the department’s proposed budget for medical travel is $63.8 million for the 2017-18 fiscal year.
I’m just wondering why the money was set aside in the 2016-17 fiscal year?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I’m just waiting for the 2016-17 fiscal year because I don’t have that information in front of me.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr President, Mr Lafontaine, we are attempting to cover the period from 2016 to 2017, not later than 2017-18.
I’ll just keep that in mind. I’ll just leave it at 2016-17 for now.
I was asking about the funding for medical travel for last year. I would like to know what the department’s budget is for the 2018-19 fiscal year.
For 2017-18 the minister does not anticipate that next year, Mr. Akeeagok may not have his figures, but Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I think it will be early in May, they will be talking about the funds for 2018-19.
We are voting on the interim appropriation for fiscal year 2017-18. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Now, to go back to that, there are problems within the funding formula that the minister has provided, there are significant differences in the amount of money that they have budgeted each year before they’re revised, I would hope to be in a position in the next year to be able to make that request when the department’s O ⁇ M budget is tabled.
So I don’t want to see in this House an increase every year.
I would like to find out the details of that.
That’s just a comment.
Chairman (interpretation): Mr. Qirngnuq, are you asking a question?
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to ask a question in regard to medical travel in English so that I’ll be clear on the third bullet. For medical evacuations, there has been an increase from last year.
With regard to medical travel, it has increased the number of people who have to go out of the community to receive medical services. The number of people who have to go to the health centre has increased and the number of expectant mothers has increased.
The number of people on medical travel is going up.
Mr. Mikkungwak, do you have a question?
I apologize, I thought you had your hand up.
We are on Health. Operations and Maintenance.
If you go down to the bottom of the page, the total department is $49 million.
Not previously authorized.
Go back to page 2. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3, Schedule 1. Operations and Maintenance Appropriation. $56,602,000.
Go to Bill 3 in your legislation binder.
Sorry, let me go back.
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018.
Schedule. Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $56,602,000. Agreed?
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree to Bill 3 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62(2) that Bill 3 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
With that, we will be able to make some changes to the budget.
Before we move on to the next bill, we would like to ask the members to waive the two-day notice requirement.
I thank him for the good work that he has done and will now rise to report progress.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you. Did you want someone else to come in?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the minister and his officials out.
Moving on, Bill 4.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed with your opening comments.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I am here to present Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-2018, No. 4.
Through this bill, the government is requesting an additional $96,000 for 2017-18.
This appropriation will provide the Department of Community and Government Services with a non-repayable grant of $96,000 to cover interest rate adjustments during the negotiations, for the establishment of a lease agreement with the Nunavut Construction Corporation for the Legislative Assembly building, and for nine Government of Nunavut offices throughout Nunavut.
Mr. Chairman, I would be pleased to answer any questions or comments that members may have.
Are there any general comments to the minister’s opening comments?
This is the first time I have been involved in this process and I would like to know why we have to do this.
Can the Department of Community and Government Services not find its own capital funding for this project?
This is for accounting purposes. The interest earned has to be recorded so that we can make it more transparent.
At this point in time, there wouldn’t be any claims, but at the end of the day, there would be no claims. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Community and Government Services. Not Previously Authorized. Total Community Programs. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to page 2.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2013-2014. Schedule 1. Capital. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to Bill 4 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-18, No. 1. Do you agree?
Chairman: Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2.
Schedule 2. Supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2018. Vote 2.
Total Capital Expenditures. $96,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree to Bill 4 as a whole?
Chairman: Do members agree, pursuant to Rule 62(2), that Bill 4 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
On behalf of the Auditor General and our finance department, I would like to thank all of you for approving this budget item.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
As we have completed the Committee of the Whole, I would like to recognize the clock and report progress to the Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): Going to the orders of the day.
Mr. Rumbolt.
Your committee has been considering Bills 2, 3, and 4, and would like to report that Bills 2, 3, and 4 are concluded and that Bill 4 is immediately ready for third reading.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the Report of the Committee of the Whole be agreed to.
Thank you, Mr. Maine.
All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Item 21.
Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations  ⁇  Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Aggu, that Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018, be read for the third time.
To the motion.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
The motion is carried and Bill 2 is ready for assent.
Third Reading of Bills.
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations  ⁇  Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member...
It's been a long day.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, that Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-18, be read for the third time.
The motion is carried and Bill 3 is ready for assent.
Item 21. Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet South and Whale Cove, that Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-18, be read for the third time. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Thank you. The motion is carried and Bill 4 is ready for assent.
Mr. Clerk, will you ascertain if the Commissioner of Nunavut is prepared to enter the Chamber to give assent to bills.
Assent to Bills
Commissioner Nellie Kusugak (interpretation): Members of the Legislative Assembly, please be seated.
Welcome.
As Commissioner of Nunavut, I am honoured to give assent to the following bills:
Bill 1, Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 2, 2018-2019;
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018;
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018; and
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
It has only been a few months since I first approved your term as a Member of the Legislative Assembly.
Since that time, the department has been delivering a number of new programs, which are representative of Nunavut and Nunavummiut.
Tomorrow is the beginning of spring and on June 20, we expect to see the light of day and to enjoy the scenery.
As such, I hereby prorogue the First Session of the Fourth Legislative Assembly and summon all members to meet in this Chamber tomorrow at 1:30 p.m. tomorrow for the opening of the Second Session.
Speaker: Item 22, before we go I have an announcement to make.
As Speaker of this House and Chairman of the Order of Nunavut Advisory Council, I am very proud to take this opportunity to announce the recipients of this year’s Order of Nunavut.
On January 1, 2010, the Order of Nunavut Act came into force.
The intent of this program is to recognize individuals who have provided much needed service to Nunavummiut and to our communities.
This award is the highest honour of the Government of Nunavut for all recipients of prizes, medals, and medals.
To date, 15 individuals have received the Order of Nunavut.
These individuals have been recognized for their hard work and dedication in a variety of fields, including public service broadcasting, education, language advocacy, and various leadership roles, as well as for economic growth.
I am particularly honoured to have the opportunity to announce two recipients of the Order of Nunavut this year, Ms. Betty Brewster and Mr. Ludy Pudluk.
I am very pleased that we are able to be with Mr. Pudluk in this House.
Welcome, Mr. Palluq.
As you know, colleagues, Betty Brewster is a well-known interpreter for many years.
In 2016 she was also recognized for her work and dedication with the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit for language awards.
Mr. Palluq, who was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of service, Mr. Palluq represented the High Arctic communities and played a leading role in the creation of Nunavut.
I am pleased to inform you that we will be working on the Accreditation Report, which we hope to have in place for Ms. Brewster and Mr. Pudluk in the spring of 2018 sitting of the House.
The investiture ceremony will be held here in the Legislative Assembly and will be broadcast across Nunavut on television.
Congratulations to Commissioner Nellie Kusugak for being the recipient of the Commissioner’s Award. I look forward to all Members of the Legislative Assembly joining us on this exciting day.
We will move on in our orders of the day.
Item 22, Orders of the Day.
Orders of the Day for March 20:
Replies to Opening Address
This House stands adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, 2018 at 1:30 p.m.
&gt;&gt;House adjourned at 19:25
Hon. David Akeeagok
Hon. Pat Angnakak
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for Seniors’ Advocate; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak
Minister of Justice; Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation; Minister responsible for the Status of Women; Minister of Human Resources
George Hickes
Hon. David Joanasie
Minister of Culture and Heritage; Minister of Education; Minister of Languages; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Joelie Kownirk
Mila Kamingoak
Hon. Lorne Kusugak
Minister of Community and Government Services; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Adam Lightstone
Averro ⁇ s, Maine
(Arviat North-Whale Cove)
Simeon Mikkungwak
Margaret Nakashuk
Patterk Netser
Emiliano Qirngnuq
(Loud applause)
Hon. Paul Quassa
Deputy Premier; Minister of Family Services; Minister responsible for Homelessness; Minister responsible for Immigration
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik
Government House Leader; Minister of Economic Development and Transportation; Minister of Energy; Minister of Environment
Qaani Towtongie
Activities of the Bishop Sperry in the Cathedral of Nunavut
"The whole world is now inextricably linked with what's going on tonight"
Rodney Howard-Brown, the Reverend Yvonne Felix of Florida, leads the parade in Iqaluit on August 27.
(Photo by Thomas Rohner)
By Thomas Rooney Nunatsiaq News
A religious priest in Avonidis is best known for his activism, a climate change of faith and the economic woes of the world will make the disappearance of a Christian faith that went to the city's church on Aug. 27.
Rodney Hofstra-Brown, a native of Saudi Africa who moved to the United States, said in an audience here in Tampa Bay a few years ago that the country's foreign ministry gagged her in Lufthansa and watered down the human blood donor.
She devoted over an hour at the Iqaluit cathedral to more than 100 people.
But their information is not for everyone.
"The whole squad right now is linked with what's happening tonight.
If you're interested in the light (sleepy), please stand here (on the cathedral's desk), or you can get out.
It's up to you," Horford-Brown said after a two-and-a-half hour performance.
About 50 people attended.
"I didn't fly thousands of miles to play.
I didn't come here because I was going to be liked, and I didn't come here to be accepted by you ... Remember: Jesus died alive, he wanted us to leave the room with people."
The turnout was higher among Inuit and children, youth and elders.
Inside the cathedral's Christian Baptist Church in the town of Rodeo Drive in the distance, children line up between chairs.
On the outside, the church and Moscow are facing each other as both vehicles parked behind each other, with the couple facing each other at Dodger Stadium.
Mr. Hewitt-Backard’s efforts were part of a coordinated effort with Bill Barrington’s Arctic Hope Project in Ottawa.
The association did not respond to Nunatsiaq News at the beginning of the process to hear about the issue.
The Avataq Adventure, which is 119th out of 300 destinations in the community for activities, began the hour after the event.
First of all, the Iqaluit Church Choir started the evening here in Iqaluit followed by the late Avonsijiit Reverend Louis Arreak, who helped to start the Christian Baptist Church.
Enrico Ganjian, co-founder of the Omar al-Bashir Memorial Church in Istanbul, spent 40 minutes talking about the president.
Louis Arreak, Iqaluit Avvaq Enterprises and the singer, sang Rodney Howard-Brown before making his statement.
(Interjection from Revival Minister Enniskillen)
"God loves a small gift"
The Guardian is asking attendees to submit their e-mail addresses through a registry and to comply with the Hollywood-born Instagram post.
He was given some permits for the purchase of the Hollywood-Brown religious items.
And then he unveiled Howard-Brown's next book, The King of the Planet, saying that he is talking about past practices of unfair commercial practices over the last 200 years.
"This is a comment that's not popular in Crusius, that's exactly what it is," Mr. Gagnon said.
The Giannulli then tweeted a video of the 18-minute long Howard Brown statue (Picture: Netflix)
At the end of the video, Howard-Brown prayed that donations to the Church of God would be given to the spiritual services that his church has protected.
"He loves a small gift," Howard-Brown said in the video.
Garcia made his parents excited at the end of the film.
"One thing it does is calm down and one thing it does add up and together we celebrate the fruits of your vegetables. So if you're making a sandwich to this, it goes to your church and it goes to your account.
That’s amazing. ⁇ 
It then distributes a package to install and tells these people that we can do the best  ⁇ the best gift for the soul ⁇ , either financially, or as a budget for the RMI Canada, through blood transfusion or via cellphones.
"I have always said to people, 'Don't make the biggest earner like a cheeseburger or a new phone... please use them for church promotions and don't let your soul rest in peace.'
Is that what he’s saying? ⁇ 
A lot of people fill up and tap the bag and put it in the blue box for a summer cocktail.
Some of them just looked to other people and they held the bag.
There was one lady that was left empty and she picked it up.
Mr. Speaker, the issue of providing assistance to a number of our communities is one that is desperately poor. More than half of Nunavut’s population is on income support, including food security and the lack of adequate housing.
Howard-Brown did not respond to a request for an interview with Nunatsiaq News, so it's not clear how much he made.
Their income is not tracked by anyone but their website says that it employs 158 places.
It also states that people wishing to take part in a Jet A-1 program can have their income tax deducted.
The Ghani said he asked the attendees to raise their hands to carry out donations to the Ribeiro church.
"Daddy, we thank you for this gift, and thank you for being the representative of the soul, let go to our bank," Mr Gandhi said.
Three of the 1 Woodward’s came in total.
Rodney Howard-Brown plays the woman's upper hand as she gets in touch.
Pastor Patterk Netser calls him 'a friend'
The province of Evans is already heavily dependent on Nunavut, escorting in most of the communities.
They have a thick conference every year and, in the mid-2000s, they continue to increase.
One of the people that has been involved in these conferences, Mr. Roger Adams, stated in the Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that these conferences are a powerful voice for things like violence and abuse.
But Halford-Brown's campaign of investing in PR and PR may be a new initiative for Nunavut.
Patterk Netser, a long-time lawyer for the issue of religious issues and now as the Nunavut Minister of Housing and Nunavut Arctic College, he goes by the name of Howard Brown’s  ⁇ Skissimo friends ⁇  and he tells me that climate change is not true.
Mr. Netser did not want to be interviewed during an interview with Nunatsiaq News but he said,  ⁇ I’m a friend of mine and we talk to each other. ⁇ 
When asked to respond to Howard-Brown's numerous social media attacks, which have also prompted the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn the U.S. Constitution's unfairness, Neal said, "What happens in America is not my responsibility.
It is of particular concern to my constituents and to the people of Nunavut. ⁇ 
Rodney Howard-Brown, the author of Evangelicals The Florida Project, takes the stage in Iqaluit on August 27. (Photo by Thomas Rohner)
"There's going to be a fire on the ice"
With the hour that has gone by, Mr. Howard-Brown is going to make a response.
"It's going to be light on the ice," the priest says of more than 100 people, most of whom are Inuit, in different age groups.
"If you don't want to, just go straight to the door with your talent."
During the hour, Howard-Brown's voice gets louder and louder.
He stopped for a few minutes on what was going to happen and he called me back and told me to do something, and he was laughing.
"I know that I don't feel like I'm from Africa, so I do it because my parents would normally put me in the shoes, never take me out," she says with a laugh.
"Moscow was the first author of the label (Stillard).
The first broke him and he had to go back and pick up another one.
And Adamie and Evi were the first A-list artists. ⁇ 
Howard-Brown became well known, largely because of it, making him laugh at meetings in which attendees would laugh.
The grandson of brother-in-law came into the house at the age of two, who had laughed for 12 minutes after escaping, Hewlett-Packard says.
Horvath-Brown has publicly criticised other Avonians who also hold the Pride of the world.
He was referred to as a 'scientific guy' whose religious beliefs are becoming a laughing stock in the Qammaqs and things like that, but Mr. Howard-Brown has responded to those people who are not satisfied that he was just going out and terrified.
Mr. Arreak, from Iqaluit, Mr. Evygotailak and as a singer who assisted him during the time, he laughed at members of his band.
"This is not a funeral, why are people sad?" he said.
Howard-Brown said.
Arreak is laughing now.
"We're fighters in Jesus and he's alive."
Arreak is laughing loudly.
"I like this guy," said Ms. Aariak, who has made her laugh a little bit more loudly.
Howard-Brown is having a laugh with the rest of the band, which is a little bit of a laugh.
"We are very happy.
Happily you can get it in the water, from things like watermelons to the toothbrush. ⁇ 
Mr. Arreak’s laugh goes off all of a sudden and it costs a lot of money to build the roof.
 ⁇ This is the real thing.
No one will be arrested this evening."
Mr. Arreak, in Nunatsiaq News, has stated that he doesn’t want to speak to the media, so he’s laughing again.
Howard-Brown also spoke in plain language, saying that the word was understood in the native language of Obama's New  ⁇ ealand accent.
We also have the German-Belgian-Hungarian Trio Presidency.
Run-in-the-box," he says.
Rodney Hoover-B Brown is inviting us over to the church's desk for a light eviction.
Some people aren't laughing
But many of Howard Brown's characters aren't interesting or funny.
Shocking moment a group of ex-girlfriends jumped out of her car after she failed to show up
Before he touched the nerve in the audience, Howard-Brown had a couple of people complaining about the fact that they didn't leave.
"So you're coming to Brathwaite?
H.
Hey ⁇ 
Are you out?" she said.
Howard-Brown says to one man quietly as he leaves the church.
 ⁇ Would they take a picture and then walk out on the phone? ⁇ 
You're the editor of a daily newspaper here?" he said.
Attendees are laughing.
"Why would I say hello if I adopted him and he came back ... find out who he is and why he's filming and why he's leaving," said one of his staff.
After hitting the gym floor with a towel, Howard-Brown decided to take the two female chairs for the second time because they don't like their eye.
"Have you been alive again?
What are you, Jehovah Fitzsimmons? ⁇ 
Attendees are laughing.
"I've never seen people sit across the border who can't change.
So you're able to jump through others, or maybe you're better than others."
When the two women stood up and walked out of the house.
"I'm just trying to ask.
That's what I'm doing, it's my job to do.
I know where the human body is.
Don't be kidding me.
It is not a laughing matter.
The whole north right now is connected to what's happening tonight."
Action personnel in attendance are telling people not to take photos or record them.
However, these guys filmed the whole event.
Even people running around crying when Howard Brown touches them and they take pictures of them and they are very close.
A photograph from the Ribeiro Church of Illinois on my website shows a number of people who appeared to have fallen out of the frying pan. The physical injuries that appear, the ice flares, the mouth shut, or are only on the floor.
Lady Hewlett-Packard touched her hand on the floor as she was crying in the bottom of the table.
In front of them, Howard-Brown and her team go out and it's going to have an impact on the lives of the couple.
This event was originally meant for St. Jude's
This event was originally slated to be here at St. Jude’s Anglican Church in Iqaluit, but it was changed.
That change was prompted by the subpoena from Howard-Brown, Secretary of State for St. Joe's state.
David Parsons, the Anglican bishop to the north, said he wasn't sure whether Howard-Brown would make his mission to St. Jude.
If he had known about it, he said he would have stopped it because Howard-Brown is a very popular person.
As a result, the local Anglican community did not meet the criteria for approval of the bishop's event, Parsons said.
The Angolan Church's role is in the know-how of devotion, and in dealing with other parishioners, Parsons says.
"But there is a good faith in each other, and it doesn't deal with things that wouldn't be right for religion and church people to go there."
Mr. Howard-Brown’s project appears to be a different project.
"I'm not here to do what the religious people want to do.
If religious persecution in the winter were to take place, it would have taken place in the north," he says to the attendants.
"I don't come for a summons.
Need... If you have a good light, you should not have any kind of hospitality. ⁇ 
With low turnout, Canada quietly launches new northern policy documents
Lib Dems say this new policy brings "a huge change of direction"
Many of the green berries grow from Cape Dorset to Rankin Inlet, Nunavut.
In announcing the federal election tomorrow, the Liberal government unveiled a long-awaited northern policy strategy.
(Representational)
By Jim Bell
On the day before the National Campaign for Democracy began, the Liberal Government, in an unprecedented fashion, launched a long-awaited Northern and Northern Policy Strategy on September 10.
This document, which establishes the first framework for this approach, replaces the former Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s 2009 Northern Strategy and the Harper Government’s 2010 Speech from the Canadian Foreign Policy.
This is set to guide federal policy in the north up to 2030 but there is no implementation plan or political direction for future action.
In terms of the scope of work for the second phase, the terms of reference.
However, this initiative stems from Carolyn Bennett, the Minister of Public-Private Affairs and Northern Development, who stated that this policy document showed a "significant change in direction for the federal government."
The introduction of this policy is far from what was expected.
This winter, Barnett said that the policy would be brought into effect in June.
The CBC News reported earlier this month that a news release from Yellowknife in August was cancelled.
The Liberal Party's list of eight "Truth Hurts," along with the Tories, and ten (10) are "extraordinary."
It covers a wide range of policy issues, including local and regional economic development, building infrastructure, aboriginal rights, environmental protection, national defence and foreign policy.
Myanmar's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, on December 20, 2016, when he announced his government's desire to set new policies, promised a "constructive engagement" with North African governments and indigenous groups.
As a result, more than 25 aboriginal organizations, including the Government of Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, the Yukon, Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland, took part in the co-management process.
"In developing a series of northern and northern policy measures, our partners helped us to understand and raise awareness of minority rights and approaches across a wide range of categories, responsibilities and citizenship rights across the Arctic," Mr Panetta said in a press release.
As well, some partners have documented their practices, which have been reflected in separate policy documents.
Some of the comments don't mention federal policy
For example, the Inuit Tapirisat of Canada, the Government of Nunavut, the Government of the Northwest Territories and the three territorial governments jointly made personal statements.
There is a process.
Any of these articles submitted by co-sponsors may not represent a federal policy.
This is an indication that the federal government may run into problems that may require the approval of more than 31 partners.
"When strategic documents are part of this process, they are very complex from the point of view of either the federal government or other partners," the transaction document stated.
The filing also says the approval process was stressful.
 ⁇ Our values, actions and objectives and interests come from a meeting of many minds and ideas.
It means that they have to come to an agreement with the federal government and the aboriginal partners to get approval. ⁇ 
You can find a foundation for northern policies as I’m bringing it up here.
8 goals
Here are eight goals in the action plan, to demonstrate the federal government’s commitment.
 ⁇  A strong, sustainable, diversified and sustainable local and regional economy.
 ⁇ The northern and northern Indigenous peoples can continue to apply and are doing well.
 ⁇ The North and the Arctic people are safe and secure.
 ⁇  A stronger institutions where the differences from one country can be re-emerged.
 ⁇  Acts based in the North play a meaningful role in creating new opportunities and opportunities.
 ⁇  A knowledge and understanding direction of decision-making.
 ⁇ The Canadian Arctic and the North’s energy is healthy and persistent.
 ⁇  Establishment is a collaboration that helps to sustain and restore the faith of indigenous and non-Indigenous people.
These goals begin with a series of "prioritities" that have been redefined.
Ten fundamental principles
To address these goals and objectives, the policy document outlines key principles under which it has been established to  ⁇ continue to guide the implementation of the program ⁇ :
 ⁇  Decisions on the Northern Territory will be made through cooperation and northern participation, rights transparency, access and northern interests.
 ⁇  The rights and positions of the federal, provincial, aboriginal and local governments will be respected.
 ⁇  Development should be a process that can be used and respected, from a social, cultural, economic and environmental point of view.
 ⁇  Meeting with Aboriginal people on an ongoing basis, using the results of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission as a starting point, would be a step in the right direction.
 ⁇  Climate change is a real issue in this land. Activities will be undertaken by a broad range of stakeholders, including the impact on indigenous peoples, the sustainable use of land and wildlife for cultural, economic and food security.
 ⁇  The Policy and Practice will identify inequalities and inequality, and implement measures such as gender-specific assessments (Gender-Body Essex) that will address the potential effects of different ethnic groups.
 ⁇  This work is intended to reflect a range of principles such as rights, interests and circumstances of such people as Inuit, Northern Indians, and Métis.
 ⁇  The Government of Canada recognizes that Inuit, First Nations and Métis are indigenous peoples of Canada, in a variety of ways, in exercising their right to self-determination at the community level, on a case-by-case basis, with the federal government.
 ⁇  Work on building relationships based on rights, respect, relationships such as the needs, priorities and circumstances of each individual.
 ⁇  All groups, from independent entities to universities and colleges, such as the non-profit sector, community groups and individual nationals, have a crucial role to play in building a stronger country's north.
A Nunavut Conservative candidate praises the carbon tax as a way to increase the cost of "every person"
Leona Aglukkaq speaks as a candidate on the next steps for Nunavut
Leona Aglukkaq, the Nunavut Cannabis Industry Campaign, sees Canopy President Andrew Scheifele of Iqaluit at the Sylvia Grinnell Park during his visit to the City on June 19.
(Photo by Emma Toronto)
By Emma Dunker
The Nunavut Conservative candidate stated that if the Conservative Government were to become the Government of Nunavut, it would eliminate the carbon tax because it  ⁇ subsidizes the cost of everything. ⁇ 
Leona Aglukkaq began her campaign in Nunavut by going around to the communities.
The Nunavut MP began her campaign in Iqaluit by holding a special event on September 12 at the Frobisher Inn.
After that he flew to Rankin Inlet the next day to Iqaluit, before returning for next week.
Mr. Speaker, the Nunatsiaq News did have an opportunity to talk to Ms. Aglukark while she was in Iqaluit.
This carbon tax (cashon tax) "promotes the price of air transportation, goods, transport, hunting and private accommodation," says Aglukark's campaign poster.
Ms. Aglukkaq also mentioned in the Nunatsiaq News that this tax has a negative impact on the daycare and the elders’ home upgrading program.
"Every penny of production is affected by this pollution tax."
Ms. Aglukkaq.
 ⁇ The reason why we can’t pay the carbon tax is because we can’t afford it. ⁇ 
However, Mr. George Hickes, the Nunavut Minister of Finance, announced in May that through an agreement in Ottawa, electricity and aviation fuel products from Nunavut had been exempt from this tax.
The Government of Nunavut also contributes half of the carbon tax to Nunavut.
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Aglukkaq’s campaign for Nunavut has four priorities: simplicity, housing, mental health, and job creation.
 ⁇ How can we as a government and the private sector and the Nunavut Government work together to address the huge need for housing across the north? ⁇ 
The Housing Corporation’s priority for Ms. Aglukkaq is to develop options including housing support, elder’s housing and group housing.
The federal and territorial governments should also consider promoting homeownership, Mr. Speaker.
Ms. Aglukkaq spoke of northern infrastructure and mental health training for Nunavummiut.
"We are a vast land with a rich coastline in the country and we are still left with the necessary marine resources in our land, so we have to think of big things like this from the North," he says.
 ⁇ We need to address the housing, capacity building of Nunavummiut to deliver mental health services in order to support our communities. ⁇ 
When asked if she was going to continue lobbying the federal government for the Northern Food Mail Program, Ms. Aglukkaq said that the carbon tax has increased the cost of food by way of an increase in airfares.
When asked if he would consider using this program, and if they didn't, what he would do other than the carbon tax, he said he would talk to the ANC's Arctic Council.
He said that if Croatia became a government, the council would remain in existence.
 ⁇ It is important to have people in the north who can tell the government how to improve the program.
This isn't a bad project.
Not everything is perfect in this world.
However, there needs to be a subsidy for northern food. ⁇ 
Ms. Aglukark did not want to be specific in how to tell the north about the Nutrition North program, but said that there should be a subsidy program for food and that "no subsidy" would help.
More recently, research published in the Canadian Health Association’s journal found that food insecurity in Nunavut through the Nutrition North Canada Program had been identified in the Canada Community Health Survey.
Ms. Aglukkaq said that I had been working as the Minister of Environment on the issue of climate change and the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, but she had not really stated how she would be working on it.
He stated that he would be supporting the Kivalliq Transmission Line and the Grays Bay Road and the Kitikmeot Port Project.
 ⁇ Would we be able to get rid of fuel in the very near future?
No," he said.
When Conservative leader Andrew Schneider came to Iqaluit last June, he suggested that Nunavut should develop a recycling program, saying,  ⁇ It is very popular ⁇  with the current Liberal Government.
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Aglukark stated that she believes the policy has been developed to consult with the public on recycling development and that it is hard to tell at this time.
 ⁇ The Nunavut Land Claims Agreement gives us information on how the private sector should be dealt with in the north. The Land Claims Agreement, in my opinion, is the most important part of the environmental strategy.
It protects our land, protects our waters, protects our wildlife.
 ⁇ There is already some work that needs to be done on how projects should be done.
It has become a very important legal entity and we should be very proud of it.
Also, any decision regarding the Arctic should come from the people of the North, not from Ottawa. ⁇ 
Ms. Aglukark left the capital on her way to Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on September 19, her office said.
He also plans to travel to Pangnirtung, Qikiqtarjuaq and Clyde River before travelling to the Keewatin and Kitikmeot.
Committee Members look forward to the appointment of the new Nunavut Languages Commissioner
Helen Klengenberg ends her career in health care
The Nunavut Legislative Assembly will be looking very closely at the new Nunavut Languages Commissioner after Helen Klengenberg’s retirement.
Klengenberg has served as Languages Commissioner since the beginning of 2017.
By Nunatsiaq News
Nunavut’s Legislative Assembly will be looking very closely at the new Languages Commissioner, following the resignation of Helen Klengenberg.
Klengenberg, who served as Nunavut’s Languages Commissioner at the beginning of June 2017, retired not long ago from the Department of Health.
This Languages Commissioner is a senior official with the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut and reports to the Legislative Assembly, with the appointment of Mr. Klengenberg.
This would be done through the Management and Services Board, which is the Standing Committee of the Legislative Assembly that is responsible for the Legislative Assembly’s administration activities. Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak made the announcement on September 17.
"I believe that the Management and Services Board will begin the process of staffing this position in the short term and we will report back if necessary to the temporary vacancy," Mokgweet said.
The Languages Commissioner’s role, under the terms of reference for the important Official Languages Act, is to monitor language rights in Nunavut.
Klengenberg was appointed in 2017 after a lengthy search for almost a year, following the sudden resignation of Sandra Inutiq in June 2016.
Mr. Inutiq left his position a month after he presented his report on the Qikiqtani General Hospital that the hospital does not have a language policy and services for Inuktitut and French speakers.
He also indicated that the Deputy Minister of Health had applied for a year’s worth of documents related to the investigation.
Soon after, lawmakers began to issue subpoenas for the job three times before appointing Mr. Klengenberg.
In 2017, the Languages Commissioner’s position for the fiscal year was $119,000 to $170,000 a year, with a northern allowance of $15,016 per year, 25 days of leave during the year and a variety of other benefits.
Canadian Inuit Association calls for expanded action on Inuit land
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami's campaign priorities included reducing inequalities, building infrastructure, Inuit business aspirations
The Canadian People’s Party wants a broader investment strategy for the north to  ⁇ create a map of the nation by rail or railroad based on the east coast of Canada. ⁇ 
The Canadian Inuit Association made a major announcement to anyone in Canada who will become the federal governing body: launching a major national road safety campaign in the north of Canada. ⁇ 
To help achieve this, the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has launched a nine-person discussion paper on the priorities of candidates who are being considered for the current federal election campaign.
"It's one of the most uninhabited communities in the country.
People are using the inequality in comparison to other parts of the country, as well as other parts of the country where people live," the ITU said in a news release.
In addition to this, the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami also released a list of priorities for the next federal 2020 budget, which is likely to be presented in February or March.
This infrastructure contribution is highly recommended by the next Government of Canada to continue implementing the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement for the benefit of Inuit.
"The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami is calling on all levels of government to pursue the implementation of a humanitarian policy across the entire political spectrum, so that people can access and benefit from policies, programs and measures that are intended to help our people," ITK President Nixon Obed said in a press release.
All two documents contain the following key items:
 ⁇  Installation of all 51 Inuit Communities using Pauktuutit’s website prior to its arrival in 2031.
 ⁇ Acting to eliminate systemic problems in Inuit communities by 2030.
 ⁇  Completion of housing units in all four of the Inuit communities within two years.
 ⁇  Stay tuned to Express.co.uk for more user-friendly treatment.
 ⁇  Restructuring existing family violence shelters and temporary housing.
 ⁇  Spending more money on people with mental illness and suicide prevention.
Nine specific Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami’s priorities are as follows:
1.
Work on social activities and suicide prevention.
Item 2.
Work on housing to ensure that all waiting lists have housing available in the Inuit homelands within the next two years after their election.
Item 3.
Work on renewable energy and climate mitigation, bringing the nation from natural gas to a net-zero carbon economy by 2050.
Item 4.
Work to strengthen inter-jurisdictional cooperation between Inuit and federal governments;
Item 5.
Work to develop trades and economic self-sufficiency, starting with the creation of a northern infrastructure contribution, that will be available in all four of the Inuit communities, with an initial grant of $1 billion.
Item 6.
Work on making education curriculum more equitable for Inuit and non-Inuit.
Item 7.
implement laws that are consistent with contributions made in Canada to the inquiry of missing and murdered indigenous women, along with 46 Inuit specific legal obligations.
Item 8.
Addressing food shortages and food insecurity.
Item 9.
Work on advancing Inuit interests in science.
The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has a tradition of regional responsibility, and none of its members have supported it.
In the latest CBP national exam, from September 20th, Liberal Justice Canada and Canvey's national exam result was a balanced one.
This poll survey, which calculates the overall margin of social-media data, suggests that the current Conservative Party is on 34.7 percent support. Liberal Democrats are on 34.1 percent, New Dimokratia is on 13.5 percent, and Green Party is on 9.6 percent support, while Vox is on 4.4 percent and BJP is on 3.8 percent.
The electoral test and the result is that the Liberals may have more room for a majority of seats.
The federal election will be held here Monday, October 21.
Nunavut has a new polar bear management plan: Nunavut Wildlife Management Board (NWMB)
"We're going to do what we can to make sure this happens before the polar bear season."
Nunavut’s new polar bear management plan establishes a balance between the harvesting of male and female polar bears in all of Nunavut’s polar bear populations, said the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board.
(Reporting by Jane George)
By Jane George
Cambridge Bay and the Government of Nunavut are in agreement with the new polar bear management plan.
This was announced by the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board members at the Kitikmeot Wildlife Management Board’s public meeting in Cambridge Bay last week.
The starting point for this new polar bear management plan is the balanced quota and the polar bear hunting of Nunavut polar bears. This is the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board’s chairperson, Mr. Don Shewchuk, made a statement to the delegates.
The meeting in Cambridge Bay is the first of three regional wildlife boards to be held by Mr. Jason Akeeagok, the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board director.
Akeagok said the polar bear management plan was a "massive project."
"We're going to do everything we can to make this happen before it's bearable," he says.
This plan has been under consideration for almost five years and it was announced that it would be coming up with a plan this past March at the Iqaluit Nunavut Wildlife Management Board meeting.
The plan will cover the period up to 2029.
This Arnakallak Nanook is a lake close to Arctic Bay when the four floors are watching.
According to the new polar bear management plan, the risk of harvesting a polar bear in three communities would be eliminated.
(photo courtesy of Niore Iqalukjuak)
In the circumpolar world there are 19 zones for polar bears, 12 of which are mostly in Nunavut.
The polar bear quotas have been established by way of zone (e.g. male only) of the polar bears and the defence of polar bears is included in the year quotas that are set by the communities.
While the new plan will not increase the total allowable harvest at this time, a new total allowable harvest may be considered once new data is received.
According to the original plan, Nunavut communities were allowed to harvest only one female polar bear that was harvested through two male polar bear tags each year in the communities.
Under the new management plan, it doesn’t matter whether the polar bear in Nunavut is male or female.
Their names would be tagged in half.
This new ratio of the total allowable harvest for polar bears to the community harvest also ensures that defence measures can be carried out if necessary.
The increase in the polar bear population has been a major concern in Nunavut as a result of the deaths of two polar bears in the Kivalliq region last year. However, under the current management plan, a defence kill polar bear, and if it was a female, then two tags would be used.
As a result there are some communities that have no more tags for defence of polar bears.
This new plan will allow communities to better prevent polar bears from being harvested, Suzuki said in a Nunatsiaq News.
But he previously stated that polar bears pose a danger to Inuit culture and way of life, because they damage cabins, birds’ spaces and seals.
They attended the meeting in Cambridge Bay where they welcomed changes to the polar bear management plan.
Members were pleased to note that the dog team was scheduled to have five more tags for grizzly bears.
There was a large grizzly bear spotted and it was shot because it was too close to the small apartment here in Mount Pleasant.
On the contrary, with regard to the new polar bear management plans they may have a different view.
The future of polar bears is uncertain because of climate change. According to a 2018 study by the Standing Committee on the species at risk of extinction in Canada (COSEWIC), this committee, the species at risk of extinction in Canada (COSEWIC), conducted a further study on polar bears "with great concern."
It means that polar bears are at risk of disappearing or being lost due to a combination of invasive species and specified risk factors.
Nunavut Standing Committee extends the deadline for Bill 25 to submit comments
Standing Committee Reports 1-1(2), 2-1(2), 3-1(2) 4-1(2)
John Main, the chairman of the Committee on Legal Affairs, said the committee would extend the public's interest in this Bill 25 and that the committee would review the legislation.
By Emma Toronto
Nunavut’s Standing Committee on Legislation will receive comments from the public on Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, as of October 11.
The final set of remarks was held on September 13.
"Our colleagues and I would like to thank Nunavummiut for their views in writing on this important piece of legislation," committee Chairman John Main said in a Thursday, September 26 news release.
Individuals were invited to submit submissions to the Standing Committee on Bill 25, which was introduced during the Legislative Assembly’s spring sitting in June.
A second reading was passed and referred to a standing committee for review.
The standing committee met in mid-September to review the legislation, as well as the submissions from the public on it.
The standing committee also announced that it will extend its review of Bill 25 to the fall sitting of the Legislative Assembly so that it can be televised in the next two weeks at the end of November.
"The Education Minister and witnesses will appear before the committee to testify, which will allow Nunavummiut to observe our actions," Mr Main said in a press release.
Bill 25 will be divided into two sections, a 20-year plan, which will provide Inuit language instruction in schools from kindergarten to grade 12.
At the same time, the Act would bring the Inuit Language Protection Act into force as part of the Education Act, and extend the deadline for the implementation of bilingual education programs such as the grade 4 to 12 standardized options by July 1, 2039.
A detailed analysis and action plan for the Standing Committee’s review will be made available in the near future, the release indicates.
The House of Commons will meet again in the fall, Thursday, October 17.
Comments will be received until 5:00 pm on Friday, October 11.
All submissions will be made public during the presentation to the House in the fall session.
Remarks may be directed to:
John Main, MLA
Chair, Standing Committee on Legislation
Nunavut Legislative Assembly
Box 1200
Iqaluit, Nunavut
 ⁇ 0A 0H0
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Website: www.assembly.nu.ca
In Inuktitut the Qaliujaqatigiit - Development and Appeal
The gift we give today to our children and future generations
In Inuktitut, the Roman orthography writing system is used in all of Canada.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has stated that it is not going to replace the Roman orthography and the Inuit-owned regional syllabics and so on.
The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has also stated that Inuit will not need to change their traditional writing system.
Beyond Secrets by Meiji  ⁇ aman
I was very pleased to hear that the Joint Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has unanimously approved the new Inuktut spelling, the name in Inuktitut of Qaliujaq that was released as a result of the Taqqiq initiative.
The Inuit Tapirisat of Canada means a  ⁇ greater partnership between Canada's peoples ⁇  and there are few practical examples of the power that our people have shared over time in connection with the preservation and survival of our language.
To me that is a priority at this time.
In June of 2011 when I was the President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, we committed to undertaking a thoughtful renovation of our education program.
We brought together a national effort to ensure that our children have the right to education, which is at risk in Inuktitut and English.
Our recommendations include the possibility of creating a centralized system where all citizens can register.
The Inuit of Canada have spent many years trying to reach our goal of a new era.
The Inuinnaqtun Language Specialist in all the communities in the Inuit communities worked very hard to produce Inuktitut syllabics.
This means that we will have one system whereby all people learn their own language can be used properly.
The use of this new system for cheque-cashing fees will begin.
Dragons will not replace the traditional Inuktitut spelling and will not change the community’s spelling system, as it is a tool that will allow participation in both documents to improve ordinary people's communication.
It is our gift today to our children and future generations.
I can now imagine that the ordinary people of Canada will be in a better position to communicate and work together on a set of benchmarks and teaching materials to get the best out of the crisis and to give our children a high school education that they can use in both languages to be able to speak and express themselves.
In the world we face the challenge of our social system, the western way of life is corrosive to our social values, our family structures, and our language.
But today we are here.
Over the years we have had to look at our history in order to understand who we are today and what we are living with today.
I believe now that we are getting into a two year old system are we going to have to keep looking back or are we going to be able to go in the future.
The use of Inuktut in all areas of Canada’s public life makes me understand that we want to move forward as a single territory.
 ⁇  Eight years ago when we began developing a national effort for Inuit education, we were able to pass on the word  ⁇ Inuktitut ⁇  to all Inuit in each language, regardless of where they came from in the different dialects.
To me this gives me the opportunity to see these individuals in unity.
Our language and our identity are preserved, and our language is healthy.
I am hopeful that we will be able to use Inuktitut in all languages and orthography and continue to work together on the land claims as we strive to work together with our fellow Inuit.
Mary Simon was the President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami in 2011 for the establishment of the Canadian Mission on Inuit Education, which included a recommendation to create a single writing system for the Inuit language.
Vince Cable apologizes to Queensland premier
"A lot of the laws, regulations, practices or department practices that are used in this inequality and inequality have been a start"
Quebec Premier Francois Lego apologized to Indigenous Peoples and People of Quebec on October 2, after news of these discriminatory actions by the Public Service.
(Sustained)
In that way, the Quebec government has not fulfilled its obligations to indigenous people, Lugo said.
Leguizamo apologized ⁇  It was the first of its 142 decisions in a report at the National Aboriginal Summit on Wednesday, October 2nd, two days after former Supreme Court Justice Jack Venez, the commission's director of public affairs, filed the report in full.
Attempts to make excuses are not enough," Luger said.
He indicated that he would look at all the decisions and find out exactly why there are discrepancies.
"A lot of laws, policies, practices or institutional practices are rooted in inequality and inequality which very early results in totally inadequate services for indigenous peoples and peoples," Vince Cable said in a September 30 report released.
Their research focused on aboriginal affairs in law enforcement, legal systems, corrections, health and social services, and youth protection services.
Lucy Gray was the 'Innovation' spokesperson for the Venice Commission.
Here, he spoke in November 2018 about facing impeachment inquiry in his speech.
(Photo by Sarah Rogers)
The Kativik Community Government issued a report saying the important decisions along with the proposed actions, were to improve co-operation between the First Nations and the Quebec Government.
In particular, the Kativik government strongly recommended that the government review this decision by means of a videoconferencing system to allow for criminal proceedings in smaller communities, so that the Kativik government has consulted with the Quebec Government.
"The Kashmiri community government is determined to work closely with all political parties and other regional organisations to implement the commission's recommendations in its work," said the Centre's Local Government Chair Jennifer Miner in a press release.
The Nunavik Department of Health and Social Services also responded to the report by saying that Member’s ongoing concern with the Commission was the issue of health and social services and youth protection services.
The need for resources and management of health and social services was also raised by members during the survey.
"We now expect the UK Government to submit a report on the actions it is intending to take, and in this way through the cooperation arrangements and the use of the instruments," said Director-General Minnie Grey in an October 2 press release.
The Council also commends the Commission on the matter of Québec Ambrose (the Inspector General) being held responsible for the 142 decisions to be adopted.
Makivik chief executive Charlie Watt also spoke during the inquest on this Nunavik initiative and stated that on October 1 in a press release that Inuit were able to speak to the results of the survey.
"Clearly, my generation spoke to the Commission about its activities in the areas of health, justice, social justice, youth protection, historic disputes and other aspects of the UK government services," Ford said.
Although he said that the report would provide a response,  ⁇ Based on the first recommendation the Quebec Government apologizes to Inuit and First Nations for unequal access to public services for our people ⁇  we feel that we have been heard. ⁇ 
Three major law firms promise to cut Nunavut’s diesel consumption by 2030
 ⁇ This is a lot of work ⁇ 
Students marched down the four corners of Iqaluit on September 27 to take part in a global climate change protest.
Three of the lawmakers who are running for federal elections said they plan to end the territory's Tis Hazel fuel consumption by electric vehicles by 2030.
(Photo by Dustin Paddack)
By Dustin Paddack
During this federal election, three major law firms announced that Nunavut’s use of diesel fuel will be stopped by 2030.
Currently all 25 communities in Nunavut have electricity supplied by diesel generators operated by the Qulliq Energy Corporation, the only power plant in Canada that does not have a fixed power supply in their communities.
Replacing this would be a huge and costly project.
"This is a huge commitment," said Martha Leroy, the Arctic Recycling Energy Specialist for the Global Wildlife Fund (WWWF).
"It's probably not easy, just a little bit of luck."
The Green Party campaign promised to "implement the use of renewable energy sources' .
By 2030, every country will have a renewable energy system.
This bill also includes camps in northern communities such as Teheran Fuel to be decommissioned. ⁇ 
The Liberal Party said it would "future forward financially to ensure that the people's communities of Tis Hazel oil are decommissioned but have enough electricity to use clean, renewable energy sources like water, wind and solar power after 2030."
What New Delhi's Patrikuri (NDP) said was "to target the country's ability to generate energy from non-renewable sources of energy after 2030 ... This is carbon-free power with a view to generating a community and job creation potential.
We will support initiatives such as locally owned and operated clean energy projects to provide employment for residents and authorities, and work with Aboriginal and Northern communities in efforts to eliminate the use of diesel fuel. ⁇ 
According to the Department of Environment and Climate Change Canada’s report released earlier this year, greenhouse gas emissions in Nunavut are less than 1 percent of this increase.
In 2017, Nunavut produced an average of 0.6 gigatonnes of greenhouse gas emissions (or carbon dioxide), of about 18,000 vehicles.
At the same time this year, Alberta, which is the country’s largest emitter of greenhouse gases, produced approximately 84 million vehicles.
Although this is the case, Nunavut has seen an increase in greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent since 2005, the largest improvement in Canada and Alberta almost double, which is the second largest increase since the Great Recession.
Even with the changes in the energy sector these three areas are proposing to the Legislative Assembly to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the impact of this project on Canada’s carbon footprint is still very small.
What does the community have in this case.
Nunavummiut pay for the largest share of electricity in any other part of the country, and funding for the power corporation would decrease this amount.
However, actions in the area of renewable energy projects such as this might be a contradiction in terms to the expenditure that is currently being incurred in the field of energy.
Last month, the World Wildlife Organization released a report which addressed the issue of how renewable energy sources could provide electricity in all 25 Nunavut communities.
They found that a reduction of 8 percent was mainly due to the potential risks of the program or other sources of revenue ⁇ Baker Lake, Coral Harbour, Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet would save money by moving 20 percent from renewable energy, with a direct payment of about 15 years.
The study also indicated that 16 other communities have a 4 percent subsidy which is close to the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s potential to borrow as much as $2 million in subsidies and a 20 percent incentive to move it.
But the report only talks about how feasible these projects are, simply deciding to relocate renewable energy sources at a lower cost than current energy prices.
But the transfer of community capacity building and the use of renewable energy sources would be a major undertaking.
"There would be a lot of consultation, and they would have to start the year in order to achieve what the energy sector wants to achieve in every community," says Liener.
"They have to go to the communities, work with them on what they want to do, and how the communities look at energy, see what their priorities are and the communities have the most important areas of travel and harvesting."
This does not include the development of an integrated system for solar power or wind power, which will work over the next two years to compile, or programs for the Qulliq Energy Corporation to ensure that renewable energy sources are reliable.
Mr. Speaker, moving 100 percent from one community to another in the area of renewable energy, that’s three areas that the cabinet has identified as essential, not only for long-term work but also for a significant amount of money.
Meanwhile New Delhi's Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Liberal Party (BJP) have not announced how much money it would give to the MoD, the Green Party (BJP) said last week.
As part of the campaign's spending report, the Green Party said it would invest $150 million over five years in mobile infrastructure for all rural and northern communities  ⁇ and ⁇  not just in the communities of Brazil to reduce fossil fuel use.
It is not enough however.
Mr. Levy pointed out that if a community like Arctic Bay were to move at least 60 percent of their power plant, they would have to operate at about $27.8 million.
Under the same report, for the other communities where they’re trying to use 60 percent of their renewable energy, they would have to use a higher amount.
In Iqaluit, the projected total cost is approximately $148 million.
Although it is evident that it is a smaller amount than the 250 and 500 million dollars that was originally thought for power in the city, this would apply to one of the communities that the Green Party is proposing to help.
We don’t expect the federal government as a whole to pay for these projects, but they also said that there are projects and how they are going to be done and it’s going to be difficult in the long run.
Looking at the 2030 deadline, it’s not going to take too much time.
 ⁇ In terms of hydro, I think it’s a two to five year project.
For wind energy, we would think that in five to seven years it would be a project," said Leighton when asked about the amount of energy they would be working on.
When you look at the deadlines, you divide them up to 25 communities, and if you’re going to do it at the same time in different communities, and the land is not always available.
"I think in the case of the areas that have been reached, this is going to be a big change.
Even if we don't reach 100 percent, then there is enough demand."
Note: This book refers to federal election campaigns like Green Party, Liberal Party and New Dealer Democrats (NDP).
When this book was being prepared, the Conservative Party's Pauktuutit had not yet communicated what they were running for, so they are not included in this report.
Subject: A system of early childhood education and childcare issues
We must recognize the important role that early childhood education and daycare workers play in Nunavut’s economy.
The Laakkuluk Williamson-Bathory, the chair of the Footprints High School Board, is seeking additional support from the Government of Nunavut for quality early childhood education and child care based on Inuit language and culture.
By Nunatsiavut News
Correspondence to the Premier of Nunavut, Joe Savikataaq, and the Minister of Education, David Joanasie.
I am a member of the Inuit people who are very sensitive to our language and culture.
As the chair of the board of directors for Uqausirmut Quviasuutiqarniq, the only Inuktut language school for children in early childhood education in Iqaluit, and that’s the only one in the capital of Nunavut where we send children to daycares that are already speaking in Inuktitut.
The Foot Locker Station was closed from August 21 to September 12, 2019 because of staffing shortages it had to close and, once again, it has been operating under staffing for almost a year.
Very few of them applied for jobs at the Footprints Centre due to low pay (Iqaluit is one of the most expensive day cares), employees don’t have any benefits, they don’t have housing because they’re seen as low as the women’s day care centre. That’s how it’s seen.
The daycare is now open again, but the urgent operation is proving difficult: we lost one of our finest staff when she was stressed out.
We now have a part-time position in the office, we have a full-time daycare manager, two full-time daycare workers and one full-time child care worker who works in the daycares (including a criminal records check and safety), who works full-time, while we look for a qualified, qualified employee.
It’s not very common for us, but for those of us who have children, we believe that our children should be safe and that they speak Inuktitut so that the facility is open.
There is still the risk that the door may be closed permanently.
Nunavut’s daycare system currently does not generate revenue. The daycare workers are expected to provide one of the most important child-related services to provide quality early childhood education, based on Inuit culture and language, despite the fact that it is cost-effective and not adequately supported.
The non-profit organizations continue to rely on a large number of sources of funding each year, including parents who volunteer to run and manage early childhood education.
The daycare workers are having a hard time getting paid and they don’t have any income support, they don’t have adequate training for their jobs and they don’t have housing for the staff.
The daycare workers are now being asked to work below their specific needs in order to be self-sufficient or to provide for their families.
We are going through a very difficult time with our daycares due to the special needs of staff with the skills needed to promote and preserve the Inuit language and culture at the very early age of our children; the tyrants hire only Inuktitut speaking people.
We have 100 percent Inuit employment.
Unfortunately, due to the high turnover of staff, the lack of competition and the lack of benefits to staff leave the public service.
So, it does have an impact on early childhood education and early childhood education.
Inuit need to be supported in this effort and be valued for our language and culture to be taught to our children.
The Government of Nunavut should consider how best to help ensure that a good early childhood education and daycare is based on Inuit language and culture.
Effective delivery of essential early childhood and child care workers will be paid by competitors on a public scale and social assistance program, which will include housing provided on the job, vacation, training in the workplace and at school.
The Footprints model to expand childcare has reached the public and the resources are greater than ever so that more people with children will have a place.
We have now been looking for a larger, dedicated day care facility to achieve this vision, so we have raised close to $80,000 for the new space.
It proposes to make the following adjustments for the Government of Nunavut:
 ⁇  Collecting early childhood and early childhood education staff as members of the Government of Nunavut’s workforce in a manner that is comparable to the salaries of all Government of Nunavut employees, consistent with the Government of Nunavut’s payroll system, broken down by eight grade levels, applied to all employees in the Nunavut school system;
 ⁇  Included in the operations and maintenance costs of daycare facilities across Nunavut as part of the education system;
 ⁇  Providing benefits for early childhood education and childcare workers but not limited to focusing on short-term measures that include long-term sick leave, vacation, bilingual pensions, maternity leave and housing
 ⁇  establish a society to support all child care facilities in Nunavut;
 ⁇ Work with daycares to respond immediately to some urgent challenges. Together, we will work together to develop a long-term plan to address structural changes to child care.
We must recognize the important role that early childhood education and daycare workers play in Nunavut’s economy.
This will ensure that our daycares have fully staffed positions and that all staff receive benefits.
We have to keep our daycares open.
Changes to the operations of the Early Childhood Education and Child Care Division will allow Nunavut’s early childhood education and daycare staff to step up their careers in a manner that is very critical to the success of our early childhood education and daycare system, and make the system the most effective way of life for children to begin, including learning the Inuit language, building a strong foundation of Inuit culture and identity for Canada.
Sincerely,
Lockdown by Williamson Bautista
Chairman, Tunngasugvik (Iqaluit Centre)
Do you recognize these people in the photo?
"I certainly hope this is a photograph that is historical."
According to the written on the back of the picture, it was photographed in Kugluktuk, in the Nunavut area and it’s called Coppermine, on May 18, 1930.
This biography found his grandfather's property at the time of his death so he wanted to know if these people could identify him.
I found this picture in my grandfather's property at the time of his death.
He was named Dr. James Jamieson, and I knew that he was a nurse in the Canadian Military (Royal National Air Forces) during the Second World War, appearing here for his work in Newfoundland and Goose Bay, Labrador.
I don’t know when he got this picture or this article in J.H. (interpretation ends) behind the picture, but I knew the people of the Arctic knew that.
I do know that this picture was taken quite some time ago, but I don't think anyone would recognize that ... and even if they are a member of that group would like to get that picture.
Your thoughts and prayers are with you.
Sara Howard
North Bay, former Ontario resident now lives in Prince Edward Island
This is the word that has been written on the back of these people's women's equality.
Inuit Language Authority sponsored a major conference at the Montreal conference for unilingual Inuktitut speakers
 ⁇ This is related to Inuit culture and education. ⁇ 
NTI President Aluki Kotierk, on the right, speaks about the theme of  ⁇ Inuit Societal Values ⁇  on Thursday, October 3, at the Inuit Cultural Education Conference in Montreal.
With him is Louis Tapardjuk, who is a member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, Nunavut Language Authority.
Even though there is no interpreter, these two individuals spoke Inuktitut.
(Photo by Lisa Gregory)
By Lisa Gregoire 'not used regularly' from ABC News
The atmosphere in the Montreal Tuktu Room was chaotic on Thursday, October 3rd, when Inuit attended the 21st Inuit Education Conference to hear the two Inuit leaders speak about why the ability to speak in Inuktitut is a fundamental human right and one that has simply not been accepted.
NTI President Aluki Kotiq and Louis Tapardjuk, former Government of Nunavut minister and member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Authority, appeared on time and sat in front of the people.
The camera crew organized a live broadcast on Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated’s Facebook page, which features video conferencing technology that can be connected to English-speaking speakers, and the attendees were mostly Inuinnaqtun-bound speakers.
Kuutiq welcomed the delegates and started speaking in Inuktitut, and some of these Inuktitut-speaking people sometimes say yes to their heads and sometimes they don’t.
For those people that don’t speak Inuktitut, including this writer, they were just sitting there and looking around.
Some people just walked out.
Some of them are just trying to listen to their phones while they are working on the English version of their waitlist.
There were no English speakers.
They feel welcome in a very dark place for a lot of people in Nunavut.
"It relates to the Inuit culture of education that in this case, especially when we were talking about the Inuit language, we decided to use the Inuit language," Kuuttiq said at the beginning.
 ⁇ We spoke about this issue and we know there will be no interpreters but we felt it was important to use our language when we talk about the need to help and sustain our language development. ⁇ 
The International Conference, which brings together northern experts from the North and the South, has, in recent years, begun to involve more Inuit speakers and delegates, making the conference more responsive to Inuit needs and working more closely with non-Inuit students.
The Inuktitut session, in regards to the language as being a human rights issue, it seemed like they were starting to work on it.
The contents of Mr. Quirke’s opening remarks spoke of many important pieces of legislation to promote and protect the Inuit language in Nunavut as well as the majority of the Inuit and speak Inuktitut.
The Act of the United Nations (United Nations) Act on the Rights of the Aboriginal People (Ambria) calls for action and legal action from the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the National Commission on Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women and Girls, and the Nunavut Official Languages Act.
Kutiqtuq described many dramatic moments in people’s lives, in part, to the language and culture ports, such as Annie Kootoo, who passed away due to the liver loss in 2017, and also to the 15-year-old Eileen Kuniliusie, who also passed away from TB for the same year.
"Most people want to live an appropriate life and have a right to live.
Nationally people shouldn't die because they don't have access and services comparable to other Canadians," Kirby wrote in her acceptance speech.
In his statement, Mr. Tapardjuk made a reference to a recent incident in Iqaluit where members of the RCMP alerted the elder to the fact that their adopted son had died in the youth centre.
This woman is a single person and she can’t speak English.
Mr. Tapardjuk said the RCMP had to stop the vehicle in order to get assistance in informing the complainant.
 ⁇ There are so many ways that this story could have been done, if this individual had a helping hand to change his life, they didn’t even have an interpreter," Kuuttiq told Nunatsiaq News.
 ⁇ A lot of us Inuit who speak English and Inuktitut are invited to deal with issues.
We are thought to be interpreters at any time, even if we do not know the people.
Sometimes it's for privacy issues.
So, in that way, I would say that is a violation of human rights. ⁇ 
Kuutiq suggested that at least those who speak Inuktitut in Nunavut should have access to professional services in their language such as health, justice and education.
They don't even have those resources available.
This and other leadership continues to call on the federal government to protect the language and the people of their homes.
Ottawa passed its new Aboriginal Language Act in June which has been criticized by Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami for stating that their decisions have not been respected.
Kutcher said he wanted people to know, "We are the authorities.
We should speak Inuktitut when we go to the store.
Let us speak in Inuktitut when we go to the bank.
Let’s speak Inuktitut when we go to school.
When we speak more Inuktitut and not taking into account those who cannot understand, then they will be given a larger share of the requirement. ⁇ 
Qikiqtani Inuit Association announces fees to tourism operators for Inuit owned lands
Fees to be delivered automatically
Tourism operators who visit island communities in Nunavut will now have to pay tourism fees if they want to access the land, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit from October 8 to 10.
Commercial tourism operators are now required to pay if they want to go on their own land in the Qikiqtani region. The Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced their annual general meeting in Iqaluit on Wednesday, October 9.
The Qikiqtani region has the largest passenger ship in the world.
Pond Inlet had 17 cruise ships that were in attendance this summer, while Iqaluit was the destination for four.
"The people of the island communities have been concerned about this as a result of the increasing number of tourism activities taking place in this region, particularly from people carrying passengers on board ships.
The Qikiqtani Inuit Association decided to set up tourism management fees to help people in communities whose vessels are mostly affected," P. J. Akeeagok, QIA's president, said in a news release.
Subsequent information provided by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s Department of Community and Government Services indicated that the department was developing a new rent scale.
New payment appropriations consist of:
 ⁇  A plane landing in County Landing: $150 when it lands
 ⁇  Helicopter landing in Tenerife: $100 when it lands
 ⁇  Commercial Diarmuaries in the Country: $50 a day
 ⁇  Commercial visitor offerings in less than six hours of public land: $25 a day
A lump sum payment would be half of that going to the Hunters and Trappers Organizations that are closest to tourism programs that are available, the report stated.
The other half would go to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
Ships that transport people to Nunavut have a population of between 150 to 400, Roseanne Dyer, Qikiqtani Inuit Association Director of Land and Recycling, said at a Qikiqtani Inuit Association board meeting.
The $25 a day fee would be for all passengers on each person’s journey if people were to go to their own community or the IOL site.
"Regardless of the number of people on board a ship to land in their own country, they would be liable for the amount of people on board the vessel," DeFazio said in a statement to the board.
Derbyshire said the ships that carry people to the islands will have to submit to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association the number of people that will be on board each month or before they go boating.
"When the ship carrying 350 people, we would charge 25 dollars a day for one person.
So the larger passenger ships would have to pay between $10,000 and $20,000 to get to the land on the people's own land," DeRozan says.
In the communities where there are a lot of cruise ships that go to people in the summertime, like in Pond Inlet, the Hunters and Trappers Organization would get anywhere from $50,000 to $70,000 to cover that, he’s repeating.
The new fees will also assist the Qikiqtani Inuit Association in land use planning and electronic registration.
In this way, tourism operators will be notified of new fees when applying for access to people’s own communities.
The Bureau noted that the Qikiqtani Inuit Association resolved to pay fees in line with other organization fees for tourism.
For example, Parks Canada charges twenty five dollars per person if they are going to a national park.
The hamlets also charge people for the shipping and tourism operators who are going to the communities, Mr. Deroy also says.
"The ships that carry people who are able to come to their own territory are charged this fee only if the people are actually coming to our community," he says.
Joe Attagutaluk, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s secretary/ treasurer, asked if it would be possible to increase these payments in the future.
The Bureau had indicated that it would be possible to make changes, but there would have to be discussions and decisions made by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
 ⁇ This is a exciting action.
We are now giving more leadership that Inuit can get benefits for their communities," Akeagok said to the council.
The payments will take effect immediately, the QIA said.
Baffinland’s huge heavy equipment load has caused concern to residents of Pond Inlet
 ⁇ Can the minister give us an idea of when we don’t know whether the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government will approve the project? ⁇ 
A cargo ship from Pellegrini's (Bloomsbury Parramatta) has sailed to Bermuda in Heaven, Germany, in the summer of last year.
At the loading dock, you can see two stick-built units, 33 to 34 metres high, of which Baffinland took the iron ore from Tyson and shipped it to Baffinland’s Mary River mine this summer.
Two of the smaller units are being transported from the front lines.
The purpose of these measures is to pave the road to expansion, which has not yet been approved by the Legislative Assembly.
(Picture: Getty Images)
Community leaders in Pond Inlet are frustrated with the large volume of unloading materials from Baffinland’s iron ore project at Baffinland’s Mary River iron mine this summer.
One of the concerns is that Baffinland is proposing to expand the scope of work in phase 2 of the plan. Before the permitting process had been approved, Baffinland had two major ten-storey buildings scheduled to be shipped to Polaris, Jeremie, the company’s docking facility in Mary River in North Baffin last summer.
They also brought in two smaller construction materials and a large trailer that would be used for construction, such as pilings and ground transportation.
Baffinland in November 2018 announced to the permit holders and partners of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association that they would be bringing in, such as through a public registry to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board.
But the people of Pond Inlet are finding that out now.
This ship from Plymouth Brunswick arrived at Baffinland’s Port in Mary River this past August and loaded all ready-to-ship units to be used for railway expansion.
When the people of Pond Inlet saw the ship close to their community they first heard of the re-supply, two more ships were delivering the railway material just prior to that and more ships are expected to be coming in the summer of 2020.
"We only found out about three or four weeks ago.
We see equipment hauling near Pond Inlet," Joshua Arreak, the director of the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Association told Nunatsiaq News.
"We were thinking about why and who they were and how to do it.
We didn’t get any information from the Nunavut Impact Review Board, Qikiqtani Inuit Association, or anyone else.
We didn't expect that at all," Arreak said.
 ⁇ We have not been contacted by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
I do not know.
As Inuit organizations we have a problem.
They're not keeping us up to date," she said.
Nunavut’s Department of Environment knew about the sealift season
Neither the Nunavut permit nor any federal minister approved Baffinland’s expansion plans, which would result in a 110-kilometre railway road connecting Baffinland to Mary River, producing another 12 million tonnes a year, and continuing to generate up to 200 tons of iron ore.
This project cannot be completely approved by the federal government until the last public announcement of the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s decision was made on November 2 in Iqaluit and concluded on November 8 and 9 in Pond Inlet.
The Nunavut Impact Review Board, which did not seek comment on the matter with the stakeholders, announced that it would be sending a ship for the rail system to be used in a letter to Baffinland that was sent to them on July 25.
The Nunavut Impact Review Board told the companies that if Phase 2 is rejected, Baffinland would be responsible for the transfer of assets, which could be worth tens of millions of dollars, from the mine itself.
It was also noted that the sealift supply will not have an impact on the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s decision in this matter.
In an e-mail dated October 17, the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s director, Ryan Parry, explained that the regulatory body of the Nunavut Impact Review Board may approve or deny marine activities.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board was prepared to only say that these actions would be part of the ongoing investigation and that all materials for construction would have to be moved if the request is not approved after the board's initial review," Perry wrote.
This is an aerial photo of Phillibbons. Last summer the ship was carrying ready-to-ship materials for the Mary River Project to accompany the Bland Highway expansion.
One of the building blocks, described as a "transition house," has a 33-metre high ceiling, 23.5 meters deep and a height of 1,470 tonnes.
Among other things, the so-called "Royce House," which is 34 meters high.
So each unit, which includes the prefabricated building and the dam, sits on a ten-storey building or higher than the buildings built in the North East.
But Baffinland has not been approved to use them yet.
"Betland will identify these assets as  ⁇ Division 2 only. Don't miss this deal until Phase 2 of the proposal consideration is completed," the company wrote in its July 19 report to the NRF board.
Equipment occupied by Inuit from their own land
In a joint submission to the Rights Tribunal, QIA and Baffinland wrote that the properties would be located on Inuit owned lands, in line with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s investment lease agreement with the company.
In regards to Arreak and so on, it seems like the Baffinland has already been approved for the project.
 ⁇ The residents of Pond Inlet are not happy.
Baffinland is thinking that if we don’t find out from the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government ahead of time whether they’re going to approve the project?
I don't know," he said.
Frank Tester, the technical advisor for the Hamlet of Pond Inlet, was approved by the Mayor of Pond Inlet, Joshua Saksak, to speak on behalf of the Nunatsiaq News hamlet.
"Police have been working with a view to approving the deal on Dec. 2," Deschamps said in an email.
 ⁇ If the Nunavut Impact Review Board had the authority to do this, the final effect of this decision would be to put more pressure on the Nunavut Impact Review Board to act as a guardian and to approve the application.
That's an issue," Deschamps said on behalf of the municipality.
" Aside from the decisions that were made, the Hamlet now feels that they didn't have to do that.
This is what has happened to the financial sector and the assumption that Portland will be accepted as a deal at 2am," he also wrote.
"Our main concern is the animals, the marine animals and their presence.
We would be most affected in our community.
That is our concern.
The money is not going to bring back the animals," Joshua Arreak said on behalf of the Hunter Support Program, saying something that has been talked about in Pond Inlet over the years in regards to the Marine Transportation Strategy.
For the non-governmental organisation Urgewanda Ocean North (Oceanco North), who had hoped to have a say in the upcoming meeting on Baffinland's expansion plans, said they supported "incompetent progress" here at the Mary River mine.
But it also stressed that Baffinland’s decision to move large amounts of iron ore out of the Mary River mine from Arctic Bay to Southern Canada, and this proved to be the case in 2012.
"It is unacceptable that citizens are protesting against large-scale imports of railway parts into the Netherlands before the legal system is approved this expansion," said Chris Tabichi, deputy director of policy and legal affairs for the Ocean region.
The already built resources inherited from the Dysonsburg estate
The items being brought to Mary River are some of the items that have already been built on the access roads that will be part of Baffinland's acquisition of Dyson's multi-purpose facility in Germany.
Two large buildings, first of these to arrive, were set up in Brumadinho, which is the third building in the state, to be used for railway transport, organised by Sardineen, in Berlin, the Taoiseach said in a press release.
Baffinland also brought in a barge re-supply truck, a trailer for the transportation system and a number of other goods to be used for rail transportation.
The material details of Baffinland’s submission to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board included a road linkage and a road link, as well as pocketing of steel and garbage bins.
It was the Tyson group's first shipment of the Poundland, a ship called the Bigfoot Bonds, which weighed 5,500 tons of supplies, and left the Bermuda region in early August.
The two other cargo ships also loaded with additional supplies this summer, and expect many more to come by the summer of 2020, the Daisuke said.
Under a partnership agreement with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Baffinland agreed to invest an additional 18 million dollars for the reclamation project at the Mary River mine if the project ended, Water Board documents stated.
Nunavut Maligarnit Qimirrujiit, Nunavut’s new Languages Commissioner
The appointment of Karliin Aariak will take effect on October 21
The Nunavut Legislative Assembly appointed the Acting Languages Commissioner of Nunavut, Colleen Arreak, after Helen Klengenberg resigned from her office in September.
Karliin Aariak of Iqaluit was appointed as Nunavut’s Languages Commissioner.
Simeon Mikkungwak, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, announced the appointment, which will take effect on Monday, October 21.
Karliin Aariak of Iqaluit will serve as Nunavut’s Interim Languages Commissioner.
(Picture: Karlene Arreak)
"Ms. Arreak's work, which includes both the Office of the Languages Commissioner and the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, allows me to address these very important issues," Mikkungwak said in a news release.
Under the Official Languages Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Languages Commissioner has the duty to protect the language rights of Inuktitut, French and English languages.
The Languages Commissioner also undertakes activities to monitor and evaluate, advise and protect language rights.
Under the Official Languages Act, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is appointed for a term of four years by the Commissioner of Nunavut following the Legislative Assembly’s decision.
The Management and Services Board of the Legislative Assembly may also make a decision on the appointment of the Languages Commissioner when the position is vacant and during the council’s absence, this information from Mr. Arreak’s appointment has also been made.
The former Languages Commissioner, Helen Klengenberg, resigned her office in September.
Eva Aariak, Carlene’s mother and Nunavut’s first Languages Commissioner before Nunavut was elected in 2008 as Nunavut’s Member of the Legislative Assembly.
They issued a public reception on Nunavut’s Languages Commissioner, the Supreme Court said, and that further information on this website would be available.
The Montreal Women's Centre announces plans for emergency night shelter
Inuit Women 15 per cent of the attendance rate for this women's centre
Marina Borough-Winton, the director of the Women's Centre (Chris Derbyshire), the Women's Centre and Cathy Wong, the City Council representative on Peter-Marie Nunn and a spokesman for the Montgomery City Council, discussed plans for a 22-bed women's shelter in Montevideo Town on October 16 at a press conference following the release of the women's shelter.
(New York from Monterey City)
The Montreal Town Centre on the Bell-Murray allows for the expansion of a project started by the Women's Centre, a day care centre for women who are homeless, on a land that was converted into a building that was inherited last year.
The citizens' decision, announced on Wednesday, 16 October, will provide an opportunity to organise a new building into this centre in a not too far away place, thus turning this emergency evening into a women's centre.
The women's centre, the women's day clinic here at 1430 Sammie Road in Montreal, is open every day of the week for women with special needs.
Many of them survive.
The women's centre is currently located in Sammadi Road, not too far from Ataturveda Road and Kaapo Sculpture, Kativik in the People's Republic of Cape Town.
The women's centre is a multi-faceted women's centre, which accounts for 15 percent of all abortions.
Established to open in the 2021 winter, this building's emergency night shelter was purchased with a contribution of $1 million from Montreal-based businessman Andrew Harper through the Joyce Community Foundation in Montreal.
"Thanks to the new building, we will now be able to accommodate 22 more beds for women who are homeless," said Marina Pozl-Winnett, the executive director of Sargeant County, said in a press release after an event at a women's shelter.
"At present, women make up 25% of the homeless population in Monrovia, but the potential benefits to women are not enough.
This project is a step in the right direction. ⁇ 
The good news is that the expansion of the centre was announced less than a week after this person who lives in the centre, Clara Okatsiak, a former resident of the Northwest Territories, passed away on October 11 at the hospital.
Mr. Bowler-Winton told Nunatsiaq News that after his daughter was in prison, she became ill.
Most of the entry-level people come to the city due to housing and legal disputes, Bloomberg-Kennedy says.
There are a lot of women who go to the shelter to sleep during the day. There are six beds in the facility and they spend a few hours sleeping and they end up staying outside at night.
That’s going to change with the new overnight beds that will be available.
Meanwhile, the Women's Centre, which attracts around 100 women every day, has services and interventions tailored to women's needs in the areas of homelessness, food insecurity, mental illness and substance abuse.
Blue-Winton said the number of people coming to this event hasn't changed much since 2018.
"However, we are now surrounded by women who need more support than they really need in areas like fashion and fitness," she says.
This is the only women's day room in Montreal. Sister Threshold is now open seven days a week from 8:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. during the day.
As a result of being able to run its income support programs, the Women's Centre stalled over the weekend without providing basic services six months in 2014 due to a lack of funding.
"We think we're going to get financial assistance from Makivik, but we don't know if we're going to get that this time," said Boole-Winton.
The Women's Centre also administers the Social Assistance Program, but the Women's Centre raises funds to be able to carry out this program, as it does about 70% of its operating budget out of $1.7 million per year.
Kathy Wong, a City Council Member on behalf of Peter-Megler's community and a spokesman for the Montreal City Council, said in a news release that a new evening destination and more women would be available to "facilitate services that are available to people to keep them healthy and safe."
N.R.A. does not have Liberals
On the big questions of fundamentals, the Liberals had little to offer
Mamma Mia's win on October 21 demonstrates her reluctance to accept the Liberal Party's policy for the territory and the north.
Do you remember it in the Liberal Group's report?
They report back and forth.
More than anything we can remember.
That doesn’t matter, because the majority of the Nunavut voters came out on October 21, and they didn’t come up with anything.
Since 2015, Justin Trudeau and a number of other Liberal governments in Nunavut have published numerous press releases.
There were even some new announcements made.
But in the end, the people of Nunavut just said  ⁇ I’m over here. ⁇ 
But in the end, it turned out to be the turn of the politicians. Since the 1961 uprising, the country has been turning to these forces for change: New  ⁇ ealand's colonial rulers.
This is not so old that the Maple Leafs' win is a testament to their disapproval of Mr. Trudeau's approach to northern and northern Canada, which is in part due to a lack of consensus on the federal-provincial-territorial relationship.
Since 2015, Trudeau has worked with governing organizations such as Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, Qikiqtani Inuit Association and others.
But this week’s election demonstrates to the people of Nunavut that the P3 process is not working.
And that is hardly surprising, because in the end Nuremberg's specific questions the Liberals were unable to answer directly.
It is well known that the majority of the people in Nunavut are the ones that are most concerned about economic and social issues: the ongoing housing shortage, the lack of food, the high cost of food in the stores, the high cost of transportation, the high rate of tuberculosis, and suicide, which is almost daily.
But on the last trip to Nunavut on October 8, Mr. Trudeau didn’t have much good news on those issues.
He made a Member’s Statement about South Baffin talking about climate change and climate change.
These are national issues, but they want an election on this, so Nunavummiut want to hear their concerns about housing and the cost of living.
What he did was that the Sylvia Grinnell River was a heritage site, not for Nunavut voters, but for southern Canadians.
When he did that, he did not respond to the people of Nunavut who are working very hard. Also, the Nunavut Liberal candidate, Megan Pizzo-Lyall, didn’t even help out, although she should have been given more support by the head of the Liberal Party.
In the case of food price and poor nutrition, the Liberals took action, establishing a higher level of support for the Nutrition North Canada Program, and providing additional funding, $12.5 million a year for aboriginal harvesters in Nunavut and other parts of Western Canada.
But there has to be a hunter support program in place and no one can say why this is happening.
On August 1 as well, Mr. Duterte undertook a major effort with Iqaluit and Arctic Bay, when he signed an agreement to establish a Lancaster Sound Marine Conservation Area and promised to start a new protected area called Duval Point.
Mr. Speaker, as a result of this initiative, the federal government committed millions of dollars to the communities of North Baffin to support small craft harbours and protect jobs.
He also drew attention to safeguarding issues such as reconnecting with indigenous people.
The only negative thing about doing that is that when you have a lot of coughing and sneezing in the overcrowding house, this  ⁇ say together ⁇  doesn’t really mean anything.
In view of this fact, do you remember the Liberal Government's very clear stance on tuberculosis?
That's what they did in early 2018. This is what Jane Webb, the former national health minister, said when she announced that tuberculosis would be eradicated in people's lands by 2030.
But Mr. Weber, the federal minister, said that he was going to look into the matter because there are no more.
With Trudeau's treatment of Judith Fusion's Rabbit and the controversial handling of the SNC-Lavalin affair, Mr. Bachelet stepped down from the podium.
Since then, the Liberals have not heard anything about tuberculosis being eradicated.
Like the Harvesters’ Support Program, I think it’s becoming very difficult for the Inuit-Government of Canada to work together and I think it’s time that they had a serious discussion about the tuberculosis program and now it’s in jeopardy.
And people know that tuberculosis is a symptom of poverty, poor diet and inadequate housing.
But on the issue of housing, Mr. Twerdin brought up an issue that had already warmed up and picked up another rumour last summer.
As well as the Government of Canada’s Public Housing Program, which has been  ⁇ developed ⁇  by the Inuit Tapirisat of Canada, very little has happened since then.
We would also like to congratulate Mamiak Qaqqaq for his winning goal.
To be a member of the 4th Division of the Legislative Assembly, she will need all the support she can get.
Let the people of Nunavut have the opportunity and the support.
The mountain won two world championships, Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Pizzo-Lyall.
I hope that these two individuals do not feel that they have been defeated, that they continue to serve Nunavut and the north.
Members asked the Ministers about the $80 million increase to the Weber Street Project
"Looking at my colleagues I think we are in the right position to decide what $80 million can be spent on"
Joelie Kownirk, the MLA for Amittuq, was one of the Members of the Legislative Assembly from the Nunavut Legislative Assembly that questioned the government on the $80 million dollar expansion in Iqaluit-Nuuk between the Webber Acquisition Program.
Some Nunavut lawyers are now asking for unspecified resources for the expansion of the Nuuk and Iqaluit’s Weber Project.
Last August, the federal government announced that it would be contributing $151 million to the project, which is aimed at 1,700 kilometres of Weber Avenue in Nuuk, Greenland through the Davis Strait area of Iqaluit.
That’s where the product would be delivered to Kimmirut.
The Government of Nunavut will design and initiate the project, which should be completed by 2023.
Last year, the Legislative Assembly approved this project, which would cost $126 million.
"Over the past year, we were informed that the cost of the project has increased as a result of the cost of complying with the increases and it is now estimated to be around $209 million," John Main, the MLA for Arviat North-Whale Cove, said in a member’s statement on Wednesday, October 23.
This is an $80 million difference," Maynard said.
"From a team point of view we are in a position to make a conscious decision about the potential of $80 million," Maynard says.
The federal government’s contribution to the Outpost Camps and the Northern Community Initiatives Program is the Investment Canada Plan.
The project is now in the Legal Services Board's review of proposed expenditure for 2020/21.
Later on in question day, Joelie Qaunaq, MLA for Amittuq asked a question to Mr. Quassa, Minister of Community and Government Services, about the $80 million increase that the government is planning to put into the program.
This process, as defined in the Government of Nunavut’s fiscal planning contribution, is to, and I quote,  ⁇ make sure that this project has a clear definition, and that information is available for development, an accurate cost analysis and a time frame, prior to beginning the planning process. ⁇ 
 ⁇ Is this a pre-planning study, yes or no? ⁇ 
Mr. Kovic is asking the question to Ms. Kusugak.
"The planning has been done and they are still trying to figure out how much it would cost.
When we were informed, we realised it was going to be much more expensive," Ms Kusugak says.
Mr. Main, who is sitting beside me who is the Chairperson of the Legislative Assembly, stands up to ask another question from Ms. Kusugak.
 ⁇ Can the minister indicate how this huge project has gone up in the past year? ⁇ 
Ms. Kusugak points out that after the funding request was approved last year, the department re-evaluated the project and the costs increased as a result of the review.
Ms. Kusugak reiterated that, in May of 2019 her department anticipated that the funding assistance proposal would need to be increased to $201.6 million to  ⁇ Provide maximum federal contribution to be made available to the program if needed. ⁇ 
The next day, on October 24, Mr. Maine stood up again during question period seeking advice from the Finance Minister George Hickes on the same issue.
 ⁇ So, from the perspective of the Financial Management Board, what steps were taken and what were taken to inform the department of the $80 million cost increase in this project? ⁇ 
Maine asked.
Mr. Hickes noted the federal government’s contribution to the expansion of this project, and that in addition to supporting a marine research project, the Government of Nunavut has also increased its contribution.
 ⁇ The Department of Community and Government Services gave it back to the Financial Management Board for this reason when they found that the payments were not enough. ⁇ 
Mr. Hickes also noted that the Government of Nunavut (25 percent) contributes to this program, which the federal government contributes 75 percent.
 ⁇ If you are a Nunavut Government, we don’t have to pay the whole $80 million, we will have to pay for that 25 percent.
What we’re going to be doing is trying to find... . In the next few years, we’re going to be looking at additional resources to support the completion of this project," he said again.
Nunavik needs its own federal lawyer, says Makivik chief
Charlie Ford's election comes after federal government calls for change
Charlie Watt, President of the Makivik Corporation, issued a news release on October 22 following the federal election, saying that Nunavik needs its own federal lawyer.
By Elaine Andreescu
Makivik president Charles Ward defended his comments on Nunavik's legal status at a ceremony announcing his arrival here to the new Legislative Assembly, Sir Bobby Papandreou.
"The Electoral Boundaries Commission will be looking to ensure that this message, in other words, that Nunavik has its own government in our area, which is what it would like right now in respect of the right to self-determination that we are working on," he says.
"We need this from the province."
Abbas-James Bay-Navy is one of the largest federal political projects in Quebec, originating from the Nunavik South to the Loma Valley-Oaiwa community. About four of the six 2019 federal candidates are residents, including a candidate from Papua for the Bloody Falls.
Nunavut’s leaders have committed to self-government for the territory, which began in 1972.
In 2002, the Kativik Regional Government along with the Makivik Federal Election Commission came to the Regional Commission on this issue and again in 2011.
Since then the division has expanded in 2013, adding two more locations to the south-east.
The regions were drawn up again, by way of the Commission, in order to try to make the population equal.
Across the Quebec region, there are about 100,000 people in the region, which is the Abigail-James-November and there are about 85,000 people.
When Nunavik’s population was around 13,000, the population was far below Nunavik, but their leaders have responded to this question about the Nunavik Inuit relationship.
The smallest federal jurisdiction, Labrador, with a population of approximately 26,000 people, is situated in Newfoundland.
Prabowo won the seat for Kuala Lumpur, which has a vote of more than 11,000 votes, or 40%, behind both Liberal and Conservative candidates.
Mr Ford said he was annoyed by the Green Party candidate Kiara Cabana-Whiteley, a person from Churchill, who was the fifth candidate to win more than 1,000 seats.
In a speech from Mr Ford, he welcomed a visit from Birobo to Nairobi in order to visit him as soon as possible.
"I look forward to meeting with him, and his support for self-determination in the process that I am very excited about, as well as for issues such as the example of the implementation of the Jonathon Nation Act on the rights of indigenous peoples," Ford said.
He had big news for Black Cube President Evas-Francois Blanchard, while the pro-independence wrestling team won 32 seats to the UK.
"We expect us to support the development of our business in Nunavik through law and economics ⁇  as well as the legal system to establish appropriate relationships," said Ford.
"However, with Quebec's desire for independence, people have long been contributing to the country's unity."
Mr Bercow defended the outcome of the election, even though the Lib Dems don't have enough seats in the new government, which he wants to allow the various Brexit parties to meet and unite across the country.
"Judy Trudeau has a strong government that doesn't have many seats, and he can work with other candidates (Publicans, Black Quebec, Green, Conservative and Independent candidates) to create law and order in the country, and work to bring it together," he said.
When Nunavut was elected as the new MP for Ontario, Momama Qaqqaq of Baker Lake, he made some interesting statements.
"I remember the NTI meeting in Baker Lake in 1871 with Tagak Curley," Ford said.
 ⁇ We were young at that time.
They will do a good job, as I said, and I look forward to seeing you and working with you in the spirit of Inuit self-reliance at the same time, for the next generation. ⁇ 
Reinforcement of RSV in Nunavut, thousands of states
 ⁇ In the case of humans, you save a lot of money on lung cancer ⁇ 
This aircraft emergency service from Nunavut Ltd. is on hold at the Iqaluit International Airport this summer during a scheduled air show.
In some years, when children are suffering from respiratory disease (RSV), acute respiratory syndrome, they have to be sent out and this leads to the use of aircraft and medical services for a significant amount of money.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Anna Panzeri and her fellow teachers at the Toronto Jewish School of Medicine in 1989 first brought this issue to the attention of the University of Toronto in late September, and about 1,000 people signed the agreement.
But when this report was first drafted, 23,322 names were collected and now they want to reach 25,000 signatures.
The announcement indicated that the Government of Nunavut would provide a number of palliative and end-of-life services for infants under six months of age.
Palihapitiya is an anti-vaccine movement, though it isn't exactly a vaccination program, and its marketing campaign is called Synagogue.
It has been proven that infants with lung diseases start from RSV, which is the acronym for  ⁇ Jeremy syndrome, ⁇  which is a viral infection of the lungs, and leads to cancer of the immune system called benzodiazepines.
However, Dr. Michael Patterson, Chief Medical Officer of Health in Nunavut, told Nunatsiaq News in an interview that the Government of Nunavut contributes 11 percent to 12 percent of children under the age of 2.
"We use it more for those babies who are at greater risk of serious illnesses to RSK, and for those who support the country's donation from Pemex," he says.
These include infants who are Inuit, at less than 35 weeks of pregnancy, or children with lung diseases or heart disease.
Mr. Panzeri, who is a teacher in the Children’s Clinic in Toronto’s June Clinic, has been writing curriculum for the past 15 years on topics such as persistent post-traumatic stress disorder and the cost of RSV in the north.
According to the results of this survey, the minister has not been entirely satisfied with the current Nunavut policy and stated that all Nunavut children should have access to the H1N1 virus.
Dr. Anna Panzeri, who is an associate professor of pediatrics in the Toronto Journal of Medicine, said that conducting research on the Inuit infant immunization program known as Palliative Care would help improve the quality of life and finances.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that this is a very valuable program for Nunavut.
He stated through his study that RSV is a chronic disease that has the potential to multiply and produce a wide range of air transportation and medical services for Nunavut’s health care system.
In order to keep people healthy, it’s very expensive; about $5,600 per patient.
But even at that cost, Panzeri and many others believe that this is like a subsidy.
That’s why in Nunavut people tend to get sick and medivacs are often the best way to respond, they have a lot of problems.
"We have also tested against the producers in the north if we give the vast majority of them in Punjab, where it would save money," he said in an interview.
The Price Survey, published in 2013, found a large number of lung cancer cases in the Kitikmeot region involving infants: up to 389 out of 1,000.
During the course of this study, which was conducted from January 1, 2009 to June 30, 2010, it was determined that the costs for medical travel in this region amounted to $57,535.
In the Qikiqtani region, the rate of lung cancer in infants was 2002 from 1,000 newborns and in the Kivalliq region, 230 out of 1,000 infants.
This means that the Government of Nunavut has spent 5.9 million dollars on medivacs for the Baffin Region and approximately 5.7 million dollars for the Kivalliq region for infants and that was how they did the evaluation.
However, the result was that Kivalliq had the highest rate of lung cancer patients: $63,686.
"In the case of humans, it's easier to save money, because lung cancer stays high," he says.
Head of Ontario Nurse Supports Registry
"Children with babies at least 10 times more need hospital care than their lungs due to illness from  ⁇ vulnerable ⁇  infants and the disease is even more severe when it comes to the side effects.
Even though this is a problem, Inuit infants don't get the Nunavut health card," Mr. Gandy wrote in his submission.
We also have the situation for professionals identified in the Northwestern School of Health, the Canadian Health Association and the Canadian Institutes of Health Research for Aboriginal People.
However, babies born in Nunavut who graduate from this program do not receive any type of cancer care regardless of whether they are at risk in communities other than Iqaluit and have a higher risk of respiratory illness.
What Mr. Panzeri is saying is that they’re doing the same thing.
"I've done a lot of hard work.
I have made it public and I’m making it clear to the public.
Carolyn Bennett, Jane Webb, has seen what I've written and described as credible," she says.
Nunavik kicks off measles vaccination for all infants
It was noted that, unlike Nunavut, the Department of Health and Social Services in Nunavik has delivered a Prenatal Nutrition Program to all infants over the past three years.
At the Nunavut Legislative Assembly on October 18, the Minister of Health George Hickes stated in response to questions from the Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu MLA Pat Angnakak, that the Government of Nunavut should carefully review Nunavik’s practices.
"We are monitoring that project closely," said Hicks.
Arnaktak said this RSV (Bubba's illness) had a huge impact on the family.
"For a while, I knew her baby had to be medivaced to the RSK and it had a major impact on the family, especially when this was a young child.
But Mr. Hickes defended the Government of Nunavut’s current programs and he’s not saying that the government is not saving people but they are providing this program.
"This is not a legal or policy decision about costs.
It has been consistent with the best medical practice," Hicks said.
Patterson recounts that Nunavik passed a three-year program that started with infants under six months of age.
"We're still waiting for this number, and if we find out that it's a good investment to lend at the Palihapitiya, then we'll implement this quickly," Patterson said.
But in his view, there is still a lack of concrete indicators for the implementation of Nunavut.
 ⁇ I disagree with you on the registration process and the other issue is that it is almost completed, or that there is a scientific basis for that.
We still have a lot of people who have questions," he says.
The event that is held in the Kivalliq region is a long time coming.
In 2008, the Government of Nunavut denied or participated in the Polar Bear Survey on RSV, even though officials from Greenland, Nunavik and the Northwest Territories wanted to be involved.
A small houseplant's arrival in Kuala Lumpur
In Nunavik, a number of construction companies are focusing on small construction projects.
It’s a small building that you can see, from Nunavik housing association, that was shipped to Kuujjuaraapik last summer.
(Jodgen Nunavik construction company)
The first of these small houses that were built in Nunavik arrived by ship to Kuujjuaq last summer.
"I wanted to show how good we were building for the people of the West," says Felipe Guevara, co-founder of Nunavik construction company, home logistics developer and engineering offices in Kuujjuaq and Napoleon, Quebec.
A decade ahead, Guadalupe, a Kuwait-based plumber, oil burner mechanic and construction worker conflict with a housing expert named Claude Journel.
"We became interested in affordable housing from the north," Mr Guaido said.
 ⁇ The houses in the north are too expensive.
That’s where it all started."
From there they have developed the design of small units with a view to northern weather.
The buildings have metal siding and there are 10 windmills that can be fenced and used for longer periods of time.
It has been designed with staircases, a roof and a three bedroom window to keep the temperature from sliding.
It’s not just the heat, it’s the exterior of the building, it’s the heating of the building.
"I think that's the only way out of the North," Gutfeld said.
 ⁇ There are a lot of problems with furnaces and too much heating.
People are even more saying that their feet are freezing.
Their houses have a nice insulation but they’re keeping their feet on the ground. ⁇ 
The design for Nunavik is a one-bedroom cabin.
(Jodgen Nunavik construction company)
Due to the construction of boilers and piping throughout Northern Quebec, Mr. Gardener is responsible for making sure that the units are built according to the schedule, so that everything is properly set up and looked after.
Nunavik will have a variety of housing conditions including a small apartment, a four-bedroom house, and a change of location that will be shared with them.
They can add another classroom to it and they can enlarge it, for example, when they are larger children.
A house on display in Croydon has a one-bedroom flat, which is about five metres tall and 10 metres tall for Tokyo.
It has a entrance at the end of the tunnel to a kitchen and a living area.
The living room is just behind the corner and behind the bathroom.
His motorbike was found in another house just behind the pyramids.
It took about two hours for the building to be completed with the installation and electrical systems and plumbing installed.
This house can be bought for $228,000, for security and for all interior," says Mr Gadhubu.
In Nunavik, the price of a house is between $500,000 and $600,000, he says.
"We're building bills that are roomy and inconvenient for the water channels," said Guaido.
 ⁇ I’m a mechanic, I was a carpenter a number of years ago and a lot of the materials have been put up properly, they don’t have the proper plumbing, they don’t have the proper heating systems.
That's what I made for many years and then we have something that would be more suitable for the north. ⁇ 
The houses that are built in Soperbrook, Quebec, and they were built in the month, Mr. Gottlieb said, and they were shipped in by truck.
Once we get the orders and the booking is on time for the sealift, we will be able to put the facility in place later in the summer.
"In the future, if this goes well, we are considering building a industrial base in the North," he says.
"There is a lot of money that has to be spent."
He went on to say that these units in the north would be adequate and they would be very happy to order from Nunavut or from Greenland.
"We are open and waiting for payments that people want to know and plan for building," said Mr Guaido.
"We have done a plan to help people in need."
In the country's north, sea ice levels are at their lowest level now
"The whole month may be behind due to the conditions of the season."
"Growing up is very late this year," said Gjoa Haven resident Willie Aglukkaq, who filmed this incident on October 18.
"It's still boating to the mainland, although it doesn't happen in Gjoa Haven.
I've never seen this ice-cream happen to me for the rest of my life."
(Terrorist Felipe Aglukark)
By Dustin Paddack
Last October, Judah Sarpinak from Igloolik was supposed to go by snowmobile.
When he did the same effort a year later, he had to go boating.
In Nunavut and the other North, it is the same thing.
"This is the frost that I've seen in my entire life," said Felipe Aglukark, who lives in Gjoa Haven for nearly 40 years.
That is correct.
On October 15th the sea ice penguins were around 5.118 million square kilometres, the lowest level since record-keeping began in 1968.
"Based on the location, we may do so a month later than last year," said Jesse Lingard, a meteorologist with the Geological Service of Canada.
But this is not the first year that the ice is too low.
April was also the worst ice sheet in the history books.
This was followed by the July documentation process.
In August, the melting of the ice caps caused a slowdown.
"We went down in history as a partner with the lowest (loss) ratio between 2007 and 2016, but it's higher than in 2012," said Walter Meyer, a research professor in the National Technology and Nineties Department.
"We are on the lower end of 2012 than they were when that happened because of the slow freeze  ⁇ 2012 ⁇  that went right back to the curve, but the winter is almost upon the ice."
By the time this ship arrived on October 15,  ⁇ ambia's emissions were lower than they were in 2012. At that time it was the lowest.
(Reporting by NSDC)
Europe's ability to hold ice has been dependent on global temperatures.
"If there is a place where there is no ice and the heat is warmer in the water, then even if the temperature is in the air it will cool down and the water gets cooler or freezing," said Mr Lange.
But the winter warm in October has been very quiet, with temperatures over the last six months.
"It was such a cool summer," says Mayer.
Starting in April, it was always the third warmest month in the history of Arctic Winter Games ⁇  On the charts, where May and August are at the top.
(Interjection from UNEP)
This year's event is set to make a much bigger difference.
"In areas of global warming such as people's increasing use of electric vehicles, we've seen a decline in  ⁇ ambia emissions from the 1979 revolution," said Pascal Battisti, director of the GRI-Geneva, a newspaper created by the Journal of the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP).
What is happening this year in the north, the reduction of ice has improved the Arctic climate over the last number of years.
According to this press release,  ⁇ Climate Temperatures have risen to between 0.5C in the past 10 years and 1982 respectively, primarily due to the sun's sensitivity to temperature that began to break in 1979.
This is twice as fast as the rest of the world. ⁇ 
This summer hasn't been an exception.
Although the year-over-year cycle continues, the ice season is now returning to normal.
"Coco is just beginning to freeze up," said Ms. Aglukark.
In the last 10 days, since October 20, sea ice had increased to around 1.5 million hectares, including the ocean's oil reserves.
If current inflation continues, 2019 may be higher than it was in 2012.
Iqaluit welcomes new fire chief
"For me this is a bit of fun at what's going on"
Mr. Gord Howard was the Iqaluit Fire Chief for the past two weeks.
She has since read and researched, but says her new work allows her to do more.
(Reporting by Dustin Padda)
This was Gordon Howard's City Council meeting when he appeared on October 22 as the head of the Fire Brigade. He did not expect to be interviewed.
 ⁇ Are you in favour of Montreal Canadiens? ⁇ 
Member Joanasie Akumalik.
Over a minute of silence, Howard responded, "no."
They're here with a lot of laughs.
A week later, in an interview with Nunatsiaq News, Howard said,  ⁇ That is why I decided that my clients should not be heard. ⁇ 
Mr. Hewitt, who grew up in Hamilton, travelled to Iqaluit via Meewood, Ontario, the community of Collingwood near Georgetown Bay.
Although he was here for the first time, he is from the north.
In ten years of emergency health care for the Canadian Armed Forces, Arviat's neighborhoods have been camped through the middle of winter.
"That's my understanding of the snow, I understand the cold, but there have also been some steps that have to be taken.
It seems like it’s in another part of the world and that’s why I brought it up.
And the department is quite chaotic," said Mr. Howard, referring to the Iqaluit Fire Brigade where some of them are firefighters and some of them are volunteers.
That's the only thing Howard didn't do for Iqaluit.
In addition to their experience as a former volunteer firefighter and emergency response – this was also due to the frequent fires in Iqaluit.
"What's happened in this department is ridiculous," said Howard.
 ⁇ There’s a lot of work here, and there’s a lot of programming in there. ⁇ 
Activities in the department such as, and now Mr. Howard, new in this area, things like water problems and lack of support, arson and the fire hall shortage.
"It's something we can't change overnight and nobody seems to want to make too many changes through the night alone.
If we keep moving forwards and not backwards I'd be happy," said Howard.
"For me, it's a pretty exciting project.
It gives us confidence, what we are trying to do and what we know we can do better. ⁇ 
As for the first question about a city appointment she now serves as the director of emergency services, "I am a Toronto assistant," says Howard with a smile.
 ⁇ Halloween's family are in Toronto supporting him.
I brought with me a flag, so I’m sure you’ll be able to show it through our Nunasi Stanley Cup if they won the Stanley Cup within 20 to 30 years. ⁇ 
The issue of bedbugs has become a concern for Nunavik residents who are on medical travel to Montreal
The hotel manager says they do inspections but never find one
This is simply a dinner in a room you wouldn't want to see: the bedbug.
But in recent times, bedbugs have been seen at the Qavavalle hotel where patients from Nunavik stay at their hotel when they come to the city.
The issue of bedbugs being seen at Nunavik boarding homes in Montreal is of great concern to patients and their families.
This picture shows an uptick in the throat singing of Omega's Cecilia Dotka seen last month in the lobby of her mother's room at the Cullodie Hotel in the Cotonou de la Torre d'Alvarez.
(Interjection from here on Cecilia Tudor)
In the middle of October, Cecilia Cucuta visited her mother at the C ⁇ te d'Ivoire hotel here in C ⁇ te d'Ivoire where she was visibly distraught: behind a blanket she had seen in El K ⁇ nig, which turned out to be a photo of her.
Cutska described seeing Eugenie's bedbug. She spoke to a patient from the Nunavik patrol station here at Ublivik Hotel. In this case, a group of rooms were boarding, 39 people gathered, on the first floor when the plane was overflowing.
Kutcher called her mother and told her she would never be there again.
The hotel's general manager, Sadiq Abdul Naidu, told Nunatsiaq News last week that he is in charge of the Holy See.
That was the case a few days ago, when he was undergoing inspections, and he had the toxicology reports, they couldn’t find anything.
One room inspection revealed that the bed had been infested with bedbugs, but they are no longer in this room.
Abbot Nuno also revealed in an email that she had been staying with patients who had seen the bedbugs.
Given the importance of the Umbrella Centre's operation, Abdul Nasser said that all rooms had been programmed this year and continued to be inspected and processed if required.
The Nunatsiaq News couldn’t talk to the Nunavik Public Health Board or the Moto  ⁇ Quawei-Queens who deal with the Nunavik Hospital in Montreal with bedbugs and what they are doing about it.
These are M ⁇ N concerns that have been written on the Internet by Andrew Nunn.
"It appears that the passengers are taking shelter because of the glitch and decided not to stay in the hotel," wrote George Tulsa, the president of Relev on October 16.
"Please let me know what it is and where and when the dispute will be resolved.
We need to keep patients informed of the treatment of bedbugs. ⁇ 
The Ukiivik Medical Boarding Home/Burgues are providing regular care before they enter.
There are bedbug infestation in Montreal: severe bedbugs were forced to close government offices here in Casino-Florida last month.
And if you have bedbugs from the north, this wouldn't be the first time, as was the case in 2010 in Winnipeg.
The bedbugs are very cute: they're small, but they're easy to chew, chew and paint from the skin after they bite.
As with most bedbugs in a piping bag, this melanin helps to reduce the blood flow and doesn’t affect the digestive system.
On the other end of the pipe, igloos are pumped out of blood, sometimes about five minutes, after they melt, they start looking for blood and it’s seeping all over the place.
These bedbugs eat five to ten days and can last for a whole year, they are at the bottom of the fountains, bottles and other hot meals, dark and they come out when they want to eat.
The interesting thing about these bedbugs is that they don't live in cramped conditions, so they end up staying asleep and dying.
So you can store your bags in the air for more than two days if you don't have heat.
Make sure you avoid bedbugs while out on the land, check out the house's head, bottom and don't put your bag in bed.
And if you go home, wash your clothes before going to the bedroom and check your bags to make sure they don't have any bedbugs.
If you see the bedbug infestation at the Montreal hotel, you can call 311 cities to complain.
Barvinenko press conference sudden resignation, retweeting Pond Inlet
"We need people to be involved in the process.
It has an impact on all aspects of people's lives," said the NTI president
Representatives from Igloolik and Pond Inlet are listening to Aluki Kuuttiq, NTI president, on the motion to wind up the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s last meeting with Baffinland for phase 2 expansion on Wednesday, November 6 in Iqaluit.
(Photo by Emma Thunder)
By Emma Dandridge and Elaine Andreescu
NIRB’s hearing on Baffinland’s proposal to expand its mine at Mary River suddenly stalled over the next two days of meeting in Pond Inlet.
On Wednesday, November 6, NTI President Aluki Kotak issued a motion calling for the immediate suspension of this last public meeting and for the meeting to continue in the next eight months to a year.
It was a very quiet day for the members to join with me in looking forward to the Baffinland Iron Ore Project.
Baffinland’s engineers had a very nice face, sometimes they move their arms and they just turned to the table when Mr. Quirke was making his motion.
"We are concerned that this public meeting will be concluded without any conditions being completed.
People need input and a genuine dialogue.
Whoever is here would like to understand both what is occurring and how it would affect NTI and the organizations," Mr. Quirke says while this Chamber is full of presenters and people.
It affects all aspects of people's lives," she says
The motion was subsequently tabled on the occasion of the fifth session in Iqaluit, which was just about an hour away.
The Nunavut Impact Review Board’s first agenda was scheduled to proceed with a public meeting in Pond Inlet to be held on November 8 and 9.
The Nunavut Impact Review Board accepted Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated’s motion, this meeting was cancelled and the Pond Inlet community meeting was cancelled.
Over the course of a week, the Bavarian representatives who wished to have their say were repeatedly pressed about their plans to build a railway line from the north-west of the Netherlands to the Finnish border ports.
When it comes to the railways and other parts of the port itself, it is all the more possible that the company is producing ever greater amounts than the current 6 million tonnes of steel a year produces up to 12 million tonnes.
But what is noticeable during the week is that Baffinland’s proposal to amend its project permits by striking out its existing restriction and substituting a limited shipping ban, 20 times the length of rail re-supply and 176 ships per year.
The motion to adjourn the meeting was supported by everyone who had an opportunity to speak, many of them concerned with the uncertainty associated with the project.
P. J. Akeeagok, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association president, told Nunatsiaq News that he believes the Nunavut Impact Review Board process ensures that  ⁇ people have the opportunity to interview these values ⁇  and that it  ⁇ provides residents with the opportunity to voice their concerns at all times. ⁇ 
Akihito also said that the resolution was not anticipated, but was scheduled to be formalized on the final day of the meeting.
Bangladeshi officials view Kuwait's move as a move to impose a boycott.
 ⁇ In my opinion there are too many questions that have not yet been resolved.
As far as I am concerned, if you are going to decide your future, then you need to be informed in order to make a proper decision.
There was a lack of it here. ⁇ 
Representatives of the North Baffin community also unanimously voted in favour of the motion.
"There needs to be more information and research done," said Amanda Hans-Man, a research scientist from Pond Inlet's Hunters and Trappers Organization.
He said the project "would potentially have serious consequences for our vitality and humanity and our place in the world."
Some of the participants at the table expressed their dissatisfaction with the Mary River project, and would like to see it continue because Baffinland is working on behalf of Nunavut, but they had too many questions and concerns about the proposed expansion.
"We hear it's like it's under water and it's not adequate," said Peter Ivalu, who is representing the Hamlet of Igloolik.
"The whole message has to be translated.
Everything must be transparent."
The Government of Nunavut also agreed with this motion, stating that there is a lack of consensus among stakeholders and this is the end of the process.
The Government of Canada also supported the motion, but stated that the Nunavut Impact Review Board may make a decision on the duration of the moratorium.
Through his legal team, Pavlin said that they were disappointed with the motion to end the stay for eight months and were disappointed that this resolution was not informed.
"The four things that came to this announcement at that meeting were likely to go ahead as of November 2," said Brad Armstrong, a lawyer with Baffinland.
"Someone didn't say they didn't plan to start that day either.
Whatever the issue was it was not worth stopping them from coming forward. ⁇ 
Meagan Lord Hogan-Howe, the senior vice president of recycling for Poundland, said the delay would affect the "intermittent deficiencies" of the project.
"However there are a number of steps we are taking to ensure continuity of supply and security for 3,000 Canadian citizens on the job market, with 476 being born.
We need to know that people are going to work with us.
We need to take time to sort out the scale of the problems with the project," Lohr-Hale says.
Although the Qikiqtani Inuit Association has stated that they can’t help in dealing with phase 2, Akeagok stated that they will continue to work on the public awareness program and that the project’s economic impact will not be limited.
"We don't miss Maryland.
We are working with them.
We own the Inuit Nunangat that they shop.
We support Inuit employment," he says.
"We spent a significant amount of money and time on projects to make this project profitable for a long time.
So, with that in mind, we have to find a balance.
But at this time there is nothing. ⁇ 
Mr. Akeeagok also stated that the community's uncertainty as to the impact of the railways on caribou is important to him.
"As an Inuk, these things have great implications for our cultural rights.
This was very evident by the elders when they were here not only for themselves but also for the future.
That is what I am concentrating on.
My decisions are not just for now, but for the next generation.
Do I leave them with a better foundation than it was before?
That's basically the basis on which to make decisions, no matter how culture you are," he says.
In response to this recommendation, the Nunavut Impact Review Board provided applicants with an opportunity to submit written submissions by November 15.
From that point, the Nunavut Impact Review Board will provide a written submission to the motion and a timeline.
Nunavut Legislative Assembly approves amendments to the Income Tax Act
"It is our government that is doing a lot of work to bring the Cuban revolution back to profit"
Member Adam Martin asked the Minister of Finance Mr. George Hickes this question on Bill 26, An Act to Amend the Income Tax Act, at the Justice Committee meeting on Wednesday, November 6.
Nunavut’s Legislative Assembly recently updated the Nunavut Income Tax Act to introduce amendments to the Consumer Tax Act.
The changes, which were read for the third time on Wednesday, November 6, included increases to the personal cost of $13,325 to $US16,000.
This will result in taxpayers making more than $3,000 a year before they have to pay Nunavut’s income tax.
The other change here is an increase in the living tax credit from $1,200 to $1,500.
This means that if taxpayers make more than $60,000 of their salary, they will receive an additional $300 in the Income Tax Program.
As well, the Nunavut Business Credit Corporation’s rate for small businesses decreased from 4 percent to 3 percent.
 ⁇  Our government is making a major effort to ensure that royalty payments are returned and turned into a profit ⁇ ," said Finance Minister George Hickes.
The Federal Government’s decision to raise the fuel tax rate in Nunavut on July 1, to bring the fuel price down to a more reasonable rate of 5 cents per litre while the Government of Nunavut introduced the Cuban rebate program, which subsidizes the increase in fuel prices by 50 cents a litre.
During discussions on the reform of the Income Tax Act, Members of the Nunavut Legislative Assembly agreed that the Cuban tax revenue should be returned to the people of Nunavut.
They couldn’t agree on how best to do that.
Adam Lightstone, the MLA for Iqaluit-Manirajak, was concerned that, as a result of the reduction in income tax rates, the government would have to apply the tax on government operations.
 ⁇ It is my understanding that we are in a critical situation with the federal government and that our own economy is only 10 to 15 percent of our assistance.
It's vital that we use our own revenue sources to run what we need," said Liechtenstein.
 ⁇ Why is the government trying to use Cuban tax collections to subsidize government operations? ⁇ 
"Since the tax payments we're getting now it's only partially from the Government of Nunavut and it's been Cuban enough for our own Cuban friends," responded Hicks, adding, "I think we wouldn't be very satisfied if we were just indexing the Cuban accounts to other revenue sources and not have that revenue recovered."
Mr. Liechtenstein also indicated that this amendment to the Income Tax Act would be the most appropriate way to provide tax relief to Nunavummiut.
It also indicated that these tax benefits are for the Government of Nunavut to use as its primary means of reducing Nunavut’s hunger.
 ⁇ Climate change is a matter of great concern to me and something that needs to be worked on now and for the future.
Having said that, I have put forward some suggestions to our government as to how we can develop or do something for the people of Nunavut in regard to energy efficiency," said Mr. Lichtstein.
 ⁇ Why are these ideas not being taken into consideration and proposed to use the Cuban tax credit? ⁇ 
Mr. Hickes responded by saying that each department needs specific projects.
Some departments have been working on a number of initiatives, including the Qulliq Energy Corporation, which is responsible for developing an energy-efficient LED street lighting system for all of Nunavut and that was approved at that meeting some time in the near future.
In 2019/20 The GN thinks it will raise around  ⁇ 2 million in Cuban tax payments.
This would be broken down as follows:
 ⁇  2 million dollars for the government’s higher heating costs for social housing and government buildings such as schools and health centres.
 ⁇  3.6 million for a new Nunavut Co-op rebate.
 ⁇  6.2 million dollars in return for Nunavummiut and Nunavut jobs in this fiscal year as a result of amendments to the Income Tax Act.
But for Lichtstein this is a miscalculation.
 ⁇ On the 50 percent dividend from the Heating Oil Tank Replacement Program and the 50 percent dividend from the Company Tax Credit, why is there such a small space for energy conservation activities? ⁇ 
Mr. Hickes responded by saying that the federal government’s current tax rate is increasing every year for the next five years, and although this 50% deductible from the gas tax will continue, the year-over-year increase in tax credits would generate additional revenue for other projects.
The Bill's second reading was passed on November 6 and had third reading last night.
Despite this, Mrs Lochbihler, from yesterday's birth, admitted to the bar that she had only slept for three hours and left.
In a subsequent email to Nunatsiaq News, Lightfoot said she was not satisfied that she was going to vote for the legislation.
"I do not agree with the conditions set out in Rule 26, because I do not think we are setting a good year's policy," wrote Liechtenstein's Diamantopoulou who was planning to comment on the bar.
"The purpose of the Carban Tax is to reduce emissions from fossil fuels and emissions from the industrial and climate change discussions.
If this Act includes an energy tax credit for individuals and businesses who want to reduce energy consumption, or if the Government of Nunavut established a mechanism to assist people in purchasing and developing energy efficient products, then I would have been very pleased to have voted in favour of this act. ⁇ 
While Liechtenstein is not satisfied that this protocol was passed.
Mr. Hickes noted that he was receptive to suggestions on how to use the Cuban tax revenue to bring down Nunavut’s tobacco use.
 ⁇ I strongly encourage anyone to write a letter to their MLAs or the government with a view to taking action in this area. ⁇ 
Nunavut visited over 34,000 more in 2018 than in 2015
GN Releases Annual Tourism Report 2018/1
Passengers on the Isle of Wight (O'Brien) patrol boat travelling from Juliette to Dish Island in the vicinity of Hong Kong on the west coast of Hong Kong.
(Photo by Emma Toronto)
From April to September of 2018, over 51,000 people visited Nunavut communities that are not Nunavut residents.
This is a commitment made in the Nunavut Tourism Annual Report 2018/119 by the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which was tabled in the Legislative Assembly earlier this month.
The same people who came over here spent a total of $271,383,000 on participation and travel expenses.
The report does not mention the exact amount to be spent on journeys other than journeys.
On a balanced basis, there were approximately 16,750 visitors from Nunavut who were not residents from May to October of 2015, in line with this year’s Nunavut Household Survey.
The Baffin and Kivalliq regions have the most visitors from July to September of 2018.
The island was visited by 95,600, of which just over half (53.2 percent) came to Iqaluit with funding of 75.1 million dollars.
Pond Inlet and Pangnirtung are the second and third communities that are visited here from the Baffin region.
In the Kivalliq region, Rankin Inlet had 33,600 visitors and they spent $68 million, just behind Baker Lake and Arviat.
Cambridge Bay was one of the Kitikmeot communities that was visited.
Drink by Owen Olsen’s research vessel from Juliette to Kimmirut in August 2019.
In 2018, there were 3,404 cruise ship passengers travelling to Nunavut within two and a half hours.
Cruise ship operators spent $388,351 on community service, the report also said.
However, the weather and ice conditions caused more than half of the cruise ships to come to Nunavut to visit.
Departments were allocated conditions in which eight passenger traffic controllers in 23 traveling from Nunavut stopped in July to September of 2018.
The ships carry 3,404 passengers in total.
Just over half, or about 59 percent of the cargo Inuit landed in Pond Inlet from Nunavut.
Iqaluit is the second largest cruise ship with 8.3 percent, followed by Qikiqtarjuaq, which is 6.1 percent and Grise Fiord with 5.9 percent.
The cruise ship visits to Pond Inlet didn’t just use a total of $245,565, but the guests were the most visited of the 100 hours of the 189.5 hour cruise trip in Nunavut, according to the report.
Cambridge Bay, Gjoa Haven, Kimmirut, and Kugluktuk were not visited by cruise ships in 2018.
According to the report, both Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven were expecting seven visitors, but both were cancelled due to weather.
There was a report written by Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven that impacted the cancellation of a cruise ship with a total loss of approximately $25,000.
The information contained in the report is from visitors to air quality monitoring in 2018, which included a survey of cruise ship operators and other visitors to Nunavut last year.
In 2018, the Government of Nunavut responded to community concerns from Pond Inlet and Clyde River regarding the activities of these cruise ships.
According to the report, the Government of Nunavut consulted with the Association of Northern Research Vessel Directors and all the cruise ship operators in an effort to avoid going through this route.
It also stressed that the industry is an independent development, requiring government support for development.
In Nunavut, this means training and employment for Nunavummiut in the tourism sector.
 ⁇ There's always been a lack of commitment and skills to do various tourism activities.
In the absence of skilled workers, tourism has not yet fully realised its potential.
Skills have been known to play a key role in tourism in Nunavut," the report said.
Mr. Speaker, the Government of Nunavut’s Sealift Program, which empowers 12 people a year to work in passenger vessels as part of the study, the report says.
According to the report, all the Nunavut Government tourism inspectors are all Inuit.
"In the past, tourism data is often lacking, which leads to uncertainty about the size of the economy and its potential to contribute to Nunavut's economy," the report said.
The department's grant program has helped 115 projects in the tourism-related field in 2018, bringing the total value to $1,272,822.
These projects include:
 ⁇  Nunatta Sunakkutaangit Museum, Voice of Nunavut Exhibition: $50,100
 ⁇  Paige Golf Classic Tour: $48,383
 ⁇  Igloolik Hamlet, Production of Igloolik Design: $81,785
 ⁇  Artificial Intelligence (Amazon.com), Untold Stories to Release: $99,872
 ⁇  Nunavut Development Corporation and Winnipeg Art Gallery of New Year: $225,000 for 3 years
Mr. Mary River: If it’s an economic issue, let’s make it a reality.
MPs should be interested in seeing Baffinland’s profits rise
Participants sit in the town of Katuna Hall for the fourth consecutive day when the NRA held a public meeting in Baffinland iron ore mine on the highway to expand its application in Maryland.
Nunavut’s approach to law enforcement in the area of industrial development, which began in 1993 with the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, has not had a major role but has resulted in a wide range of regulatory, environmental and socio-economic studies at the Mary River iron ore mine over the past decade.
This was demonstrated in Iqaluit earlier this month, when the Nunavut Impact Review Board held its last public meeting for a $900 million dollar highway expansion proposal from Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation following its sudden resignation due to confusion and misunderstanding.
The last two day meetings scheduled for the next seven days were to be held in Pond Inlet.
By the same token, Baffinland is already worth billions of dollars, with the various iron ore deposits now in a state of uncertainty.
For the record, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has yet to decide on a resolution from Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated which would, if approved, result in a delay of eight to twelve months.
And Baffinland's landowners, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, said they could not in the foreseeable future support or accept a deal to pave the road to expansion.
However, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s technical division, Qikiqtaaluk Corporation has stated that they are in full support of it.
This is also the Arctic Co-operatives Limited.
This is a very special program.
As for Portland, the Vice President of Recycling, Meagan Lott-Hale, for his part, noted that the company is only concerned about whether the project will be viable, saying, "We are going to do a great deal to maintain and protect the country's 3,000 jobs, with 476 of them living on the job."
Last week, Parvinenko announced in a Nunatsiaq News that it is terminating 490 South contract workers and 96 subcontractors in the civil construction industry.
That brings us to one of the biggest unanswered questions surrounding the project: the existence of the Baffinland Iron Curtain.
Baffinland has stated that the mine's economic potential is uncertain but if regulators allow the construction of a 110-kilometre railway in the Mary River area and its production to go up to 12 million tonnes a year, they could do so 176 times as much as they need to realize the potential of the East Coast.
The problem is, they didn’t come up with a public report to help deal with this.
And from time to time, more expert groups turned out to be asking the question.
What happened a year ago, though they have nothing to show for it was not to stop the holders of what they say is confidence.
For example, in the summer and fall of 2018, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association sued Baffinland to protect them from the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
On August 31 of that year, the Nunavut Impact Review Board made a decision that the federal government will not accept the previous and smaller annual production of 4.2 million tonnes of steel up to 6 million tonnes.
As a result, Baffinland and their co-management partners, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, worked extremely hard.
In a few weeks, a letter was written to senior decision makers on this issue, Dominique Leblanc, who at that time was the federal Northern Minister, in order to reverse the Council's decision.
Why is that?
Funding.
The Inuit Association noted with alarm that the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation will be required to provide a significant amount of funding and assistance, worth more than $20 million here in the new Inuit Impact and Benefit Agreement.
Ottawa agreed.
Especially with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association concerns about the possibility of funding the mine, the federal government approved Baffinland’s proposal last year.
"We are also concerned about the long-term viability of the Mary River mine and are aware of QIA's concerns about the economic impact of the project as a result of the development applications," Mr. Leblanc wrote in a September 30, 2018 letter signed by federal-provincial-territorial finance minister Carolyn Bennett.
In other words, the most important thing is that the federal government does not accept the economic importance and importance of this issue.
And they did that even though there was nothing in the budget to show for it.
This is a big problem.
Because if it’s true that this program is not profitable, then the member should be able to see what he’s saying is true.
In all aspects of the Mary River project, Baffinland’s employees should be developing a number of economic benefits with respect to these environmental impact statements.
But with the program’s financial ability, the Nunavut Impact Review Board is reluctant to release publicly available symbols.
For example, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has recommended that the lengthy financial documents obtained by the Fisheries Management Board from the Arctic be  ⁇ unacceptable ⁇  and not disclosed to the Board on the public record.
(Mr. Speaker, this information is still available on our website.
The Nunavut Impact Review Board recommended that this document be used after it was released and then deleted because of Baffinland’s request.
Under the deal, Baffinland wanted to submit, in an independent, shorter financial statement explaining why Baffinland was able to generate more revenue through a larger production process.
This desire to be independent may not be a problem.
At least Baffinland is making some amendments to that.
In response to this, the Nunavut Impact Review Board made a different decision, which is meaningless.
If the federal government is going to be able to make money, then this federal subsidy board has to do the same.
Of course, the Nunavut Impact Review Board and other regulators should be asking for more of this type of campaign.
They must be ambitious.
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to recognize the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation, the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, and the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
In addition to raising such concerns, the federal government should amend the federal legislation governing the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s practices, the Nunavut Planning Commission and the Program Review Act to clarify how financial information should be handled in the future.
Of course if you allow me to comment on what has been said by Mr Papanikolaou, there are still many questions which have not been answered either by Mr Provan's final proposal to broaden the scope of his proposals, relating to the railway impact of the floods, the impact of the ships on the whales, the project's lack of human capacity, and many more.
There are a number of questions from Arctic Bay to the south on the proposed highway, which Baffinland was approved in 2013 for its construction capacity, and 18 million tonnes of production for the year, yet it is unclear why Baffinland was asked to produce in 2013 when it was allowed to produce 18 million tonnes a year.
It remains unclear why Baffinland has failed with this plan.
But the biggest question is how this project can ever be sustainable.
The Children and Family Support Program is being expanded in Nunavik.
Barclays' profit boost as UK promises quick hit
When the children and teachers were here, we had the Agvik Childcare Centre in Churchill in 2016.
Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, the Quebec government increased the amount of support that it provided to its members who are in the childcare society, depending on their family income.
As of November 7, 2019, the bursary has been waived, with child care fees set at $8.25 a day.
(Pictures from  ⁇ Newscare.com)
By Elaine Andreescu
Economic reform in Quebec is giving more money to families and child care services in Quebec, including Nunavik.
UK GDP was defined at around 2.4 per cent in 2018/19, which is 0.6 per cent higher than previously thought.
To that end, the Quebec Finance Minister, Eric  ⁇ ebedee, announced on November 7 that the $857 million that had been announced would be brought into compliance in a short period of time.
Two things are going to happen that have already been envisaged under the Child Tax Benefit and the Child Benefit Supplement.
"It's a renewed boost to the UK economy and the financial chaos that has brought the UK through this success," Jarrett said in a press release.
"Our economic growth in Queensland gives us the opportunity to reduce debt and to kick-start the government's commitments."
In the case of this programme, Quebec is eliminating the additional support provided to families of children implemented by Philip Clement's Liberal government in 2016.
Through this program, there is an additional allowance for child care on top of the daycare subsidy to make up for a day’s income.
This subsidy was increased to $15 a day for higher earners.
The family that makes up 50 thousand dollars has not received any additional support.
The November 7 news release is set to reimburse Quebec's childcare payment of $8.25, eliminating the additional costs for all income earners.
This new fee in Nunavik will be used through the Kativik Regional Government program in Nunavik for children.
According to the Quebec City press release, this new payment will be for this year, and the following news release is that the Montreal Canadiens reported that the program is scheduled to begin on January 1, 2019.
As of next week, the head of the Early Childhood Services Division of the Department of Community and Government Services, Julie-Anne Petty, was not informed of how or when these new fees would begin in Nunavik.
Premier Francois de Ligt's government first offered a solution to slow the phasing-out of more resources and to  ⁇ 40m by 2022.
Net profit and its recently released cash surplus of $4 billion for the 2019/20 financial year is a driving force for growth.
As well as removing the National Child Benefit Supplement, the Quebec Government is moving forward with an increase in child benefit that is scheduled to be in place by 2021.
Beginning in January 2020, the Quebec government announced that families here will receive an additional child benefit of $779 a year.
This subsidy is applied to the basic income, which is the minimum wage of $1,000 to a maximum of $2,515 a year.
This new provision is the Child Equality Act, not least where the Liberals are able to afford a minimum amount of child benefit to the parent.
"On this day, we will complete the implementation of a range of measures to provide assistance to the Cuban people,"  ⁇ arif said.
"We're bringing more money back to Queensland faster."
Former Nunavut MP Peter Kattuk has passed away after a long illness
"Putin was respected for his efforts in the service and for his environmental contribution"
Sanikiluaq's mausoleum is erected in front of the Nunavut Justice Centre on Wednesday, November 20, evening, in the presence of former MLA and Minister Peter Kattuk, who died from his early morning illness.
The Sanikiluaq Community Centre was erected on Wednesday, November 20 before the Nunavut Department of Justice in Iqaluit, in honour of Peter Kattuk from Sanikiluaq, who passed away on the morning of a long illness.
Mr. Kattuk, 69, a respected MLA, Mr. Maui and the community leader from his home, joined the Nunavut Territory as early as February 15, 1999, to vote in the Hudson Bay riding for the first Nunavut Legislative Assembly and these were the first meeting on April 1 of the same year.
Peter Kattuk (left) with former Commissioner of Nunavut Peter Irniq on April 12, 2000, when Mr. Kattuk was sworn in as Nunavut Minister.
At the beginning of the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Kattuk became the Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth on April 12, 2000 to replace the Honourable Donald Havioyak, who retired from his position.
On December 17, 2001, Mr. Kattuk was removed from his duties as Minister of Executive and Intergovernmental Affairs and Services, where he served on this portfolio until 2004.
In 2004, the Sanikiluaq voters re-elected Qammaq Tasiujarjuaq, as MLA for 2008.
"He was the representative for Hudson Bay for eight years for two terms of office and I send my condolences to his family," Nunavut Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a news release.
Born on June 2, 1950, Mr. Kattuk spent many years in Sanikiluaq on environmental issues, as mayor and community leader.
In the early 1990s, he was a member of the Sanikiluaq Impact Review Board, which collects local knowledge about the effects of a major hydro project developed near Northern Quebec due to the impacts of ice and sea ice on the Belcher Islands.
The event became the subject of a report entitled "The Hudson Bay Voices: A Traditional Knowledge by Inuit and First Nations of the Hudson Bay Area."
As the mayor of Sanikiluaq, Mr. Kattuk has also spoken out against the current situation in Churchill with respect to a hydroelectric power plant proposal.
Subsequent to that, Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Hudson Bay Interagency Working Group, named the Nunavut Hudson Bay Consortium.
This group, formed by the Government of Nunavut, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and the Hamlet of Sanikiluaq, is to monitor the events in Sanikiluaq’s adjacent area with the second hydro transmission line proposal, which has also been put on hold ever since, in the areas of Eastmain and Rupert River.
And in 1996, Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Social Development Council, a body set up in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement.
Peter Kattuk speaks at the Nunavut Legislative Assembly on February 19, 2008, during his second term in Hudson Bay.
Koonoo Tattuinee, the President of Arctic Co-operatives Ltd. remembers that Kattuk was "out of touch," in which he captured the seafood from the Sea of Sanikiluaq.
This is Paul Okalik, when Nunavut was the Premier, who appointed Mr. Kattuk as Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth in April of 2000, saying that Mr. Kattuk incorporated Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit before it was too evident.
"Pita was involved in the study of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit long before this information was available," Mr. Okalik said in a press release in April 2000.
Before we became the Minister of Human Resources in 2001, Mr. Kattuk had to deal with an  ⁇ ambitious ⁇  laughing stock.
This happened when NTCL shipped the gasoline to Nunavut and damaged the snowmobiles in the Baffin and Kivalliq regions.
During his time in charge, Mr. Kattuk also faced a different challenge: the Government of Nunavut's decision not to use NTCL and re-supplied the petroleum products division of Woodward’s Limited.
He was forced to run for re-election in October 2017, but lost third place behind Alan Remnick's runner-up.
"Pakistan was respected for its commitment to employment services and environmental efforts," Mkhitaryan said in a statement.
Nunavik's new member states will apply for housing funding, enacted by UNDPRIP (the UN Convention on the Rights of Indigenous People)
Sergei Bobrovsky hopes to visit in the new year and search for an Inuktitut translator
MANCHESTER CITY (Reuters) - Cabinet member Silvio Berlusconi won a landslide victory in October's federal election.
(Graphic from Sotheby's Barrow/Instagram)
He is a new member of the Legislative Assembly for Nunavik and he wants to find out from the Inuit leaders about his concerns.
MANCHESTER CITY (Reuters) - Members of Shiv Sena-NCP-Congress won the seat for the Shiv Sena-NCP-Congress alliance in last fall's federal election by an election margin of 37.7 percent, according to a source familiar with the matter.
Pakallak Kublu who is a member of the Legislative Assembly during the French throne speech, stated that he was looking for an Inuktitut translator to work with him.
"I want to be very frank about the needs of indigenous communities," he says.
To date, Barbie has identified two critical issues in Nunavik that she is aware of in the areas of health and housing.
Health may be provincial, but it's a federal benefit," said Prabhu.
In order to increase the health benefits, the federal government must consider how it allocates them.
Barbie has been working on health issues for over 30 years.
When Blackpool Quebec campaigned, the group said the province needed at least 10,000 houses over the next decade.
In this case Mr. Bobi has been talking about, having different architectural designs.
"If we want the new government of Liberia to move forward, then it's up to us to find a solution," Pompeo said.
This new member is not familiar with Nunavik, but he hopes to attend the next annual general meeting in Makivik, which is scheduled to take place in March.
After the election of Pauroy, Makivik chief executive Charles Ward issued a news release welcoming Prairie to Nunavik for a visit as soon as possible.
"I look forward to meeting with him, and his support and welcome the work that we are doing in the private sector for his support and for things like the implementation of the Jewish Charter for the rights of indigenous people," Ford said.
Consultation with Inuit leaders would help facilitate the work that Makivik is trying to do in the area of self-reliance.
Papua New Guinea supports Bill C-262, which would bring the Charter of Fundamental Rights into compliance with the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
There are two different Acts that they are replacing, with Ontario MP Romeo Sargassak.
This came to fruition in 2018, when Constitutional Court C262 was suspended by Conservative Chancellor Sajid Javid this spring but the Liberal Government's representative for the Sinn Féin Conference, Senator Peter Hunt, said that if he is re-elected this Liberal Government will have to implement the law.
"It is important for me to continue working to uphold Rule C-2622 in compliance with the Constitution of the United Nations on the rights of indigenous peoples and the role played by my predecessor Romeo Caracas," Pompeo said.
"I will continue to support this project and have pledged to assist Rome in its future action.
It is not acceptable that Canada has not put this in place by 2020. ⁇ 
Trudeau Government 2.0: Don't expect too much
"Even if you can feel hopeless"
Jane Webb was then Minister of Indigenous Services on March 23, 2018, along with Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami President Nathan Obed, when he announced that the federal government would eliminate all Inuit-owned lands by 2030.
Not a year ago he resigned as a federal councillor.
Did you find out during the Federal election campaign that neither the leadership had much to say about the issues of Nunavut and other northern jurisdictions.
This is absurd.
Most importantly lawyers seem to think that the majority of Canadians, because of the southerners, there are not enough people who would vote for them even though they are talking about the northern residents that the majority of Canadians have never heard of.
The Liberal Government acknowledged this fact, which led to the collapse and the resignation of the party which was lagging far behind Northern and Northern policies in the days ahead of the start of the election campaign.
During the election campaign, the focus was on aboriginal issues, many of which raised northern issues, which were not adequately addressed.
With a new era marked by the dissolution of Justin Trudeau's new government, and with the new board sworn into office on November 20, it is little wonder if they will continue to do so without a hitch.
This is one of the possible symbols.
It is about the noticeable commitments made to the North since the Trudeau Government became Prime Minister in 2015: abolish at least 50% (at least 50%) of tuberculosis in the north by 2025 and fully eliminate it by 2030.
This included an initial contribution of $27.5 million over five years, the use of which would be  ⁇ organized ⁇  by four members of the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami.
But at one point, Mr. Speaker, it seems like a broken promise, starting with the tuberculosis eradication project that was undertaken by the federal government, Ms. Jane Bachelet, the former Minister of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development said that.
He resigned from Trudeau's legal team on March 4 in protest at Trudeau's unfair treatment of Judith Friesen-Robert.
He did this within four days of Mr. Trudeau coming to Iqaluit to apologize for Canada’s unfair treatment of people with tuberculosis in the 1950s and 1960s.
From then on, they remained silent on the North's nuclear issues.
Despite the campaigns, there wasn't much to do with it.
And so far, the anti-inflammatory campaign has stalled.
For example, in the Northwest Territories, with tuberculosis rates between 2006 and 2016, which recorded 248.5 percent of the population of 100,000 residents, the Department of Health has only participated in one community.
That's what they did in N.Y. in 2018, when an outbreak of leukaemia and a boy with a 14-year-old boy died of this condition while in hospital from Jan. John's.
In Nunavik, 313 people suffered from tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, which is associated with tuberculosis in the Inuit homeland, where 234 cases are diagnosed in 100,000 cases.
But there doesn't appear to have been any community-based studies in Nunavik since late 2018, when Wichita first made the news.
Indeed, in Nunavut, not too long ago, there was a public inquiry into tuberculosis, when Stephen Harper and his Conservative party were in charge, long before Trudeau’s Liberal Party was elected.
For Nunavut, there have been 670 people diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, which is now 171.8 out of 100.000 and there has been work done on that.
(There is no impact other than Inuvialuit in the Northwest Territories.
There, he wasn't on a real lung transplant (between 2007 and 2016).
Alzheimer's disease is a symptom of a lack of resources.
That’s one of the concerns that have been brought to my attention.
But it is true.
If people do not have enough food and live in inadequate housing, tuberculosis can develop.
Another thing to keep in mind is that the crisis in Cape Dorset, in this case a 12-week tuberculosis study, ended in May.
In 2016, the unemployment rate was at 27.3%.
In 2015, the average 15-year-old's net income was  ⁇ 18,933 over the same period.
Of the 370 units, 120 units were in need of extensive repair.
Under Canada’s overcrowding situation, 140 units from 370 units were deemed "unacceptable" by Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation Act.
This means a shortage of bedrooms due to the size of the family members living in them.
There are also a few people in Canada that don’t have housing.
It's no surprise that in the last twenty years, tuberculosis has been declared a crisis for Nunavut and other parts of the North.
And it is not unreasonable to think that tuberculosis could be eradicated in these communities unless significant changes are made to increase the supply and quality of care.
But in the final days of the campaign, Mr. Trudeau's legal team made no concessions on public housing, but reiterated their 2016 and 2017 package of operational commitments.
In this way, they were not even able to be reprimanded for their language, they were not even concerned about the fact that they had made their comments.
This is also demonstrated by the history of the Canadian infectious disease emergency, which is approximately 300 times higher than the rate of tuberculosis in non-aboriginal Canada.
In Nunavut, it might not be as good.
Last year’s report found that one in every 100 babies born in Nunavut may have this disease.
In the event that they are not too concerned about these urgent issues, how are they concerned about the Trudeau or Liberal Governments dealing with other issues such as mental illness, the need for housing in the communities, the need for more education and more?
If you can be creative, don't expect too much.
Otherwise, be prepared for bankruptcy.
Note: Statistics on TB continue to be developed by the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami’s  ⁇ Environmental Scan ⁇  Strategy, released in November 2018.
Cape Dorset was described by the Auditor General of Canada in a report that was compiled during the 2016 census.
New Year will see new police and equipment deployed by Nunavik Police
Officers and the use of body cameras have been set up
The Kansas City Police Department's new law enforcement and surveillance technology will start in early 2020.
(Photo by Elaine Andersen)
After a number of months of poor staffing, the Kativik Community Constables can now see that they have applied for additional RCMP officers,
Police Chief Jean-Pierre Lafferes came on board to inform the Centre's Local Government meeting on November 26 about the progress made so far.
This included the completion of ten new detachments in every community by the RCMP from the Ontario Police College over the same week.
The hiring process also included former employees who have dropped out of retirement to be able to speak with a job in the gallery.
Because of a lack of personnel, the Kativik Society has had all of the RCMP members from Quebec with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, who are from Saskatchewan, who do not have RCMP members.
As of September, 20 Quebec police officers were stationed in Nunavik.
K-pop police numbers have continued to decline slowly while the K-pop community is recruiting more officers, and Leverkusen reported that in early 2020 they may no longer use K-pop police.
Cultivating skills development begins
The Inuit Societal Values Training Centre was also posted on the community policing website on November 18.
The training was organized by the Kativik Regional Police and Laval University and includes information on Nunavik’s customs, culture, and policing practices here in Nunavik.
This person has three hours of training and after they have completed their training, they are identified when they apply for the position.
"This training is meant to help the Centre's entire community police team choose the culture of how they perceive it," Leveraux said.
The second module is nine hours long and requires all officers to be trained, says Levers.
The project is expected to be completed by the beginning of the new fiscal year.
The cameras will have to be used by police
The other area that was added by the RCMP and appreciated by the members was the need to have the cameras in place for the officers’ work.
This equipment is being tested and they are using six cameras at this time.
"This work was started because of the desire of Nunavik residents to have the community of Kativik to have the police presence at the community level again through their work," Lazarus says.
"The Kashmiri community police are aiming to give people a sense of their duty to come and live together more."
Kuujjuaq Councillor Jobie Takapik hoped that these cameras would help people who have had problems with the RCMP.
"We hear from the police that they do not do the right things and that even those states don't want to talk seriously.
They intimidate the police," Taqapik said.
"There are areas in which body cameras need to be used."
He also stated that if only one or two officers mistreat the Inuit, this impacts a lot, and it concerns the whole RCMP.
He feels that with these cameras, they start to take pictures of what the police are doing and that they can be put into place in the near future.
Leverkusen said the device would come into effect in January.
He added that 'serious irregularities and inappropriate actions will not be tolerated' by the police.
"I just retired from the police force a week ago because of our program in Northern Ireland not being up to par," he says.
 ⁇ We don’t want a huge police presence in Nunavik. ⁇ 
Nunavut Neighbours Regional Round Table talks about renewable energy in the North
Representatives from Greenland, Canada and the United States of America discuss ideas and experiences
Bruno Pereira, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation (QEC) presents this year’s Northern Perspectives and Communities Summit in Iqaluit, November 22, 2019.
(Interjection from the U.S. Congress of General Counsel)
The renewable energy experts from the north met in Iqaluit on November 21 and 22 to consider and share their experience with the Arctic.
Attendees from Nunavut, the Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, Greenland and Judith Spears spoke about the devastation they experienced when dealing with different communities.
The sit-in, called Optimism Optimization Systems, an electrifying technology and data-driven approach to game management, incorporating new technologies and engagement with stakeholders, was designed by U.S. officials in collaboration with the Government of Nunavut and the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
Bruno Pereira, president of the Qulliq Energy Corporation, said the meeting was a result of past conflicts.
"In terms of wanting to adopt the renewable energy sector in our area, we'd really like to know what it does to others, and find out how their projects have actually been successful or downloaded," Pereira said.
Pereira also said that despite the importance of bringing representatives together to discuss fuel conservation, Nunavut has a number of events in the area of Alaska.
 ⁇ Some communities can go through so they are not in the real population of Nunavut communities.
But they have a lot of challenges like us, in terms of having the capacity, to be able to deal with the communities, so we can see some similarities. ⁇ 
Chris Rosales, director of the Centre for Renewable Energy in Alaska, said the Alaskan Energy programme contributed to the state's renewable energy development.
 ⁇ We have been able to build 80 communities that have been able to use renewable energy on top of the diesel in Tisu.
So we think that we now know how this has helped," Mr. Rossell ⁇  said.
This program, designed to promote the recycling of economic development projects, also benefits Alaska in the area of lower energy costs.
Ross said that in Osaka's south west, five communities were working together to install windmills and that these came into effect in the energy sector.
"There is now an integrated knowledge-based approach to how to manage and manage wind resources and help each other to organize," Rosales says.
In Alaska, like Nunavut, the home heating bills are very expensive.
Rose said the community is using wind turbines not only for light but also for heat recovery.
 ⁇ What they have done is they put small furnaces into people’s houses and these are covered with diamonds that seem to be on the floor.
When the winds go higher, they put the energy into the heat, and they've developed a very small way of measuring the heat and power of people being diagnosed," Mr. Rose says.
"In areas covered by the heat ban, this one can be kept warm.
They can be turned off or burned in a home that is suitable for them, and in the event of failure they can find alternative heating sources. ⁇ 
But in Greenland, the installation of windmills has been difficult, says Newsis Eric Hagstrom, a technical professor of recycling at Nokia.
Low temperatures and long darkening are said to be a challenge for wind farms in southern Africa that have made it difficult to take advantage of Arctic conditions, says Mr Haugitz.
Mr Haggas also said in the two windmills that they did well to re-establish areas other than land on Greenland's west coast, but they were doomed to fail.
"We can also say that in Greenland we have had more election campaigns that can deliver the resources that they are entitled to.
At least two of these winds were installed in at least 200 different locations and one in 150 locations was also inspected," he says.
One of the windshields went down, on the other hand, because the heat was too thick for the cold and it caused engine damage, Haveritz says.
During the 2019 federal election campaign, three political parties said that if elected the territory's Tis Hazel fuels would be decommissioned by 2030.
While it may take some time to develop a recycling program that will be viable in the north, Mr. Hassett said the use of fossil fuels was an urgent priority.
"What we have to do is move away from fossil fuels, towards climate change, because now there is something wrong with it.
This is a legal issue because if you're not going to be using fossil fuels you need resources but there's no money for it.
Adequate funding is the right thing to do, she says.
Pereira said it was a rewarding experience to speak with people who live in the north-east.
"I think that something else needs to be thought about, which is how to start working on getting recycling implemented.
Some people have been using the equipment and they were having problems down south even though they were qualified but they couldn’t get from the north.
Once we have that financial capacity we will know what the problems are," Pereira said.
The Government of Nunavut should involve the Inuit of Nunavut in the development of the Education Act: Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated
 ⁇ This is an important policy change that will impact many Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut ⁇ 
Aluki Kotierk, President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, speaks before the Standing Committee on Legislation during its consideration of Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act.
By Alookie Kootoo, President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated
Subject: Minister Joanasie’s Letter to Nunatsiaq News re: Bill 25 An Act to Amend the Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act
Minister Joanasie’s letter was tabled in Nunatsiaq News on November 25, 2019 in reference to discussions between the Department of Education and Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated on Bill 25, which indicated that these consultations were conducted in a spirit of mutual respect and provided that NTI had the opportunity to express its concerns.
The minister is of the view that he co-operates with NTI in the public meetings and NTI hearings that the Government of Nunavut sees as having a role to play in those meetings.
That is not the case.
Inuit have the right under Article 32 of the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to participate in the development of social and cultural policies, and to organize social and cultural programs and services, including administration.
It is a different matter of principle.
Bill 25 proposes amendments to the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act to provide for the regulation and administration of the Inuit Language Protection Act.
This is a fundamental policy change that will have a significant impact on the number of people with children and people with children in Nunavut.
In this way, Inuit have the right to participate in the development and the process of integration.
NTI did not have the opportunity to participate in the development of policy proposals outlined in Bill 25.
It is not just a breach of the government’s obligations outlined in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, it is a history that shows that the working relationship has led to the achievement of policies that better reflect Inuit goals and objectives.
NTI has been working on Bills with the Government of Nunavut, such as the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Official Languages Act and the Wildlife Act.
Recognizing that it is sustainable, NTI contacted the Premier and the newly elected government to co-ordinate the working relationship and the sharing of Inuit priorities, including education, language and culture.
The Department of Education did not submit a legislative proposal to NTI on August 31, 2018 until March 31, 2018, when the department presented a draft plan for community consultations.
NTI had less than a week to review Bill 25 and plan and prepare for the Nunavut consultation tour.
This is not a relationship.
The department conducted consultations with the right witness, and did not seek solutions or accommodate the concerns raised by individuals, NTI and other organizations such as District Education Authorities (DEAs) and the Coalition of Nunavut District Education Authorities (DEAs) were also present.
I am working further with the Minister of Education on the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to ensure that clear commitments are made under Article 32, and that the department must operate with due diligence, objectivity and responsibility and take full advantage of the Queen’s partnerships with the Inuit.
NTI’s belief that a rewrite of the Education Act to be carried out in partnership with Inuit is a fundamental change in the way the department operates, as well as the overall recognition of human rights.
Aluki Kootoo
President, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated
