5th Assembly
First Reading of Bills
Monday, March 19, 2018
Pages 603 - 684
Speaker: The Honourable Joe Enook, M.L.A. Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Hon. Joe Enook
Charlie Audlakiak
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Ministers' Statements 603
Members' Statements 606
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery 614
Oral Questions 616
Tabling of Documents 638
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters 639
Report of the Committee of the Whole 681
Third Reading of Bills 682
Assent to Bills 683
Speaker's Statement 683
Orders of the Day 684
Monday, March 19, 2018 603
046 - 5 (1): Nunavut's 2018 Youth Award (Quassa) 603
047 - 5 (1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility sewing (Iqaqrialu) 604
048 - 5 (1): Red Seal Trades (Savikataaq) 604
049 - 5 (1): New Funding for Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie) 605
050 - 5 (1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Schell) 606
096 - 5 (1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Grandchild (Rumbolt) 606
097 - 5 (1): Midwifery in the Kitikmeot Region (Qirngnuq) 606
098 - 5 (1): Anti-smoking Legislation (Lighthizer) 607
099 - 5 (1): Increase in Educational Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 608
100 - 5 (1): Concerns with the Larga Boarding Home (Mikkungwak) 609
101 - 5 (1): Congratulations to Rosaline Ejangiaq (Netser) 610
102 - 5 (1): Poosie Mike Recognized Under Canada 150 (Nakasuk) 610
103 - 5 (1): Budget Reflections (main) 610
104 - 5 (1): Two Additional Inuit People Departed for Care (Tootoo) 612
105 - 5 (1): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteer Search and Rescue (Rankin Inlet) 613
106 - 5 (1): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie) 614
123 - 5 (1): Private Sector Legislation (Hickes) 616
124 - 5 (1): Status of Site Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 617
125 - 5 (1): Early Childhood Education Leave Policy (McLean) 618
126 - 5 (1): Status of the old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Nakashuk) 619
127 - 5 (1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Netser) 620
128 - 5 (1): Update on Medical Travel Office (Qirngnuq) 622
129 - 5 (1): Income Support Guidelines (B) 623
130 - 5 (1): Mine Training (Irqittuq) 624
131 - 5 (1): Support for Medical Staff (Mike) 626
132 - 5 (1): Insurance Policy for Government Equipment (Hickes) 629
133 - 5 (1): Increase in Education Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 630
134 - 5 (1): Grants and Contributions (Mike) 632
135 - 5 (1): Compensation for Compensation for Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 633
136 - 5 (1): Child Welfare and Early Childhood (Hickes) 634
137 - 5 (1): Inuit Labour Requirements for Government Contracts (main) 636
029 - 5 (1): Correspondence and the 2018 Annual Made Report from North Aaron Mines Re: Mel's Diamond Project (Irqittuq) 638
030 - 5 (1): Correspondence from Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four-Plex Garage (Netser) 638
031 - 5 (1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Runway Extension in Repulse Bay (Netser) 638
032 - 5 (1): Income Support Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 639
033 - 5 (1): Options under the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act (Speaker) 639
34 - 5 (1): Speaker's List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker) 639
015 - 5 (1): Extension of Question Period (Mike) 632
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 - June 30, 2018 - Consideration in Committee 640
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee 644
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee 680
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Third Reading 682
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Third Reading 682
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Third Reading 682
Honourable David Akeeagok, Honourable Patikuluk Angnakak, Honourable Jeannie Ehaloak, Honourable Joe Enook, Mr. George Hickes, Honourable David Joanasie, Mr. Joelie Qainiq, Mr. Mela Kamingoak, Mr. Pauloosie Keyootak, Honourable Paul Quassa Kusugak, Mr. Adam Lightstone, Mr. Aarluk Main, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak, Mr. Margaret Nakashuk, Mr.
>>House commenced at 13:33
Speaker (Hon. Joe Enook) (interpretation): Mr. Quassa, please say the opening prayer.
Speaker (interpretation): Good afternoon, Premier, Members, Nunavummiut who are listening to the radio broadcast, and those watching the televised proceedings. Welcome to your committee.
We will proceed immediately.
Our Nunavut Premier, Mr. Quassa.
Minister's Statement 046 - 5 (1): Nunavut's 2018 Youth Award (Quassa)
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good day to my fellow residents of Igloolik, my colleagues, and all Nunavummiut.
I would also like my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Donna Main-Kimmaliardjuk for her 2018 Bachelor of Arts in Winnipeg.
She is the very first Inuk doctor to be recognized.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kimmaliardjuk, who was born in Chesterfield Inlet, is the first Inuk cardiologist to pass on this knowledge...
In this fourth year, she is studying for six years at the University of Ottawa.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kimaliarjuk was admitted to the United States in 2014 as the only Canadian doctor to receive a heart attack.
In 2016, he became a member of the National Aboriginal Council on AIDS.
During his tenure, he served on the Inuit Health Committees and he also promoted Inuit culture.
Mr. Speaker, the recipients of the Order of Canada are: Representing the highest honour of aboriginal peoples to this House and its peoples.
The program celebrates 25 years of 2018 and has proudly celebrated 350 Aboriginal, Inuit and Métis people who have demonstrated excellence.
The awards ceremony celebrates cultural diversity among aboriginal Canadians.
This year, the awards will be held on March 23 in Winnipeg.
I would like my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Kimmaliardjuk on his well-deserved recognition.
She has worked tirelessly on this subject, and she is very proud of the fact that Inuit have a strong role in health and well-being.
I know that when I talk about how proud we are of Dr. Kimmaliardjuk, I'm sure that his efforts will be very important to us.
Minister of Justice, Ms. Ehaloak.
Minister's Statement 047 - 5 (1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility sewing (Iqaqrialu)
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The inmates who participate in this program include sealskin, sealskin, and other items, such as tentars, mittens, sealskin pelts, badges, and so on.
Rosemary Angugassak is run by Sandy, a respected elder, and a world-renowned artist.
He recently went to Norway to teach the sealskins.
He was a student at Nunavut Arctic College's Fur Production and Design Program and initiated the Miqqut Program with the Literacy Council of Nunavut.
Rosemary's contribution to inmates reflects the cultural and physical fitness of the Inuit language and cultural healing process.
Mr. Speaker, the purpose of the seamstresses is to work with and support the on-the-land program. Individuals who are incarcerated go out on the land to learn how to hunt and how to properly skin and prepare their food.
The Fur Production and Design Program is an ongoing program.
Programs such as this help to inmates in the communities to become more active and engaged when their sentence is over, to attract, rather than to criminal activity.
I recently visited the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility and I was pleased to note the positive impact that the cultural program has had on the community, particularly with elders like Rosemary Sand.
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Minister's Statement 048 - 5 (1): Red Seal certification Campaign (Savikataaq)
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, the certified heavy equipment operator and heavy duty mechanics and heavy equipment operator remains a key component of this project.
In September 2016 the heavy equipment operator course was offered in three parts of Nunavut.
This allows Nunavut to offer on-the-job training and certification programs.
In November of 2017 Nunavut received the Red Seal certification for heavy equipment operators and operators.
As part of the Heavy Equipment Operators Program, the graduates of the Certificate Program offer a wide range of knowledge and skills that enables them to work anywhere in Canada.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that we have been able to offer this program to Nunavutmiut at the national level as an award of excellence for Nunavutmiut.
Minister of Education, Mr. Joanasie.
Minister's Statement 049 - 5 (1): New Funding for Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Good afternoon, my colleagues, residents of Cape Dorset and Kimmirut.
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to announce today that the Department of Education will provide O&M support to eligible daycares.
Mr. Speaker, the increase is a result of a three-year program plan that my department developed for early childhood education and child care, which was signed in September 2017 with the federal government.
Mr. Speaker, this fiscal year, we will see eligible daycares receive an increase of $1,918.80 with the maximum amount of $45,494.80 based on the number, type, and location of the daycare.
As long as the daycares don't increase their childcare and additional costs they will be eligible for similar funding in the next fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, this funding will not only assist day care operators with operating costs, it will also help families with child care without incurring additional costs.
Mr. Speaker, we are proud to be able to provide this funding to daycares and their families.
I also believe, and it's clear that we also believe that this funding will have a positive impact without changing all the funding and daycare costs.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Sheutiapik.
Minister's Statement 050 - 5 (1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Shewchuk)
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Good day, Nunavummiut and my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, mining plays a critical role in Nunavut's economic development.
My department has been very supportive of mining activities in Nunavut and we're very supportive of that.
Mr. Speaker, Canada is hosting the 21st Annual Nunavut Mining Symposium from April 9 to 12, 2018.
This forum provides an excellent opportunity for people to explore new areas of Nunavut's mineral exploration and mining industry to ensure that our communities are aware of and involved in the mining and exploration sectors in Nunavut.
We expect that this year's mining symposium will continue to attract all of the well-established residents of Nunavut and we expect more than 400 participants.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to welcoming the mines, Inuit organizations, exploration, community members, and others involved in this important meeting.
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I encourage all members and the public to participate in this important public meeting on April 11.
It's not just an opportunity to get good results, but it also impacts the search and rescue.
Members' Statements. Member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
Member's Statement 096 - 5 (1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Grandchild (Rumbolt)
Mr. Speaker, five years ago to this day, the Speaker of the House rose in this House to recognize my first grandson.
Happy birthday, Jayden.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member's Statement 097 - 5 (1): Midwifery in the Kitikmeot (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I will be speaking about youth and how they can plan for their future.
I rise today to share some good news with my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to inform the House that Inuit youth from across the Kitikmeot will be gathering in Cambridge Bay next week to encourage the 2018 Kitikmeot Youth Achievement Conference.
Mr. Speaker, this gathering provides an opportunity for Kitikmeot youth to get together and discuss their priorities, concerns, and ideas about youth.
This includes:
Mental Health;
Youth Centres;
Consumption;
Implementation of Inuit Societal Values programming;
The protection of the Inuit language and culture continues.
Mr. Speaker, participants from the community of Taloyoak are:
Judy Crow;
David Tungilik;
Harry Paniyuk;
Lubourne Ulikatalik; and
Crystal Mitchell.
The participants from Kugaaruk are:
Becky Makkittuq;
Lorenda Rose Arviq Qinguaq;
Christine Trianna Qirngnuq;
Chantel Kanayuk Qirngnuq; and
Pauline Illuitok.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in wishing her the very best in her reunion.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lysytheon.
Member's Statement 098 - 5 (1): Anti-smoking Legislation (Lighthizer)
Mr. Lysytheon: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to raise concerns that have been brought to my attention by constituents regarding the harmful effects of marijuana legalization.
I just received a letter stating, "My family as Iqaluit residents are in public housing units next year.
Over the past two years with smoke, we have had to move away from the smell, the smoke coming into my house is very strong."
The letter further states, and I quote, "I am deeply concerned about the impacts of smoking on children because I am putting my children first and others at risk."
Mr. Speaker, as residents of Iqaluit and my family, we also live in a multiplex unit.
Mr. Speaker, air pollution affects other groups of smokers.
You haven't been smoking for a long time, but when someone else is smoking, the illness has been known by the government and they have made their own rules.
As a father and father when you have children, I don't want them to be affected by these health hazards that are related to tobacco, tobacco, and nicotine.
As my colleague from Pangnirtung pointed out, the member had asked the Minister of Health about the health benefits of cigarettes.
In talking to my constituents, they have the same concerns.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that when it comes to such issues, we must be flexible.
The federal government's ban on the sale of tobacco products will come into force in a few months.
I would like to ask for unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement today. Are there any nays?
Mr. Lysytheon, please proceed.
Thank you, colleagues.
However, the government will have to develop a regulatory framework for the regulation of smoking within a community.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet noted last week that the government's own consultations and results indicate that there is concern over agriculture and the treatment of condominiums and apartments.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that once the legislation is introduced in the House, it will be important to clearly identify these concerns and to ensure that the appropriate decisions are made.
Before we proceed, as you are aware, Mr. Akoak is not here due to illness.
Mr. Akoak, please proceed.
Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Member's Statement 099 - 5 (1): Increase in Educational Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say "hello" to the people of Baker Lake and all Nunavummiut.
I rise today to encourage our government to increase the training opportunities in Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Baker Lake is a rapidly growing community. It will be important at this time to support more training and employment opportunities that will benefit the community of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School operates the programs in Baker Lake.
This could be expanded further so that the public is more informed about Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, the idea of establishing a university in Nunavut has been expressed, and Agnico-Eagle Mines has indicated that they would be willing to support such an initiative.
I think it would be best if we put it in the middle of Nunavut because it's in the middle of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, as one of my colleagues stated, it's important that we take these things very seriously.
The government's wheels are very slow on the roads, but we need to encourage and encourage whenever something is available in front of us.
Mr. Speaker, since this is our first day as the Fifth Legislative Assembly, I too would like to see us move forward.
The expansion of programs in communities such as Baker Lake would be a positive step forward.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Member's Statement 100 - 5 (1): Issues with the Larga Boarding Home (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Kamingoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good afternoon, colleagues, Kuglukturmiut, and Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage the government to improve its monitoring of the day-to-day operations of boarding homes.
Mr. Speaker, a number of my constituents have brought forward concerns that have been addressed in the past.
The food chain has been in operation for many months.
Mr. Speaker, it is important that the government ensures that services paid for by Nunavummiut are delivered in a timely manner.
I understand that the boarding homes require a lot of billets on a daily basis but it is important however that they are comfortable and well looked after.
Mr. Speaker, it is unclear if the boarding homes will be included in the review.
I would really like to see the review and the recommendations to improve the services and the condition of the boarding homes.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Member's Statement 101 - 5 (1): Congratulations to Rosaline Ejangiaq (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
He has worked tirelessly and has received numerous awards, including the Hercules Elder Scholarship.
Mr. Speaker, the Hercules Elder Scholarship is a national scholarship program that provides scholarships to high school students who find it very difficult to be successful.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge Ms. Ejangiaq for her dedication and commitment to furthering her education.
Our youth face many challenges and obstacles in achieving their post-secondary education.
I ask all members to join me in congratulating him on his achievements. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Pangnirtung, Mrs. Nakasuk.
Member's Statement 102 - 5 (1): Poosie Mike Recognized Under Canada 150
Mr. Akesuk: Thank you.
Good afternoon, my colleagues, my family, and the people of Pangnirtung.
I rise this afternoon to congratulate a constituent of mine from Pangnirtung who was recognized by Dennis Patterson.
I would also like to congratulate him for 18 years of volunteer search and rescue services in Pangnirtung.
My final supplementary, Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Member's Statement 103 - 5 (1): Budget Reflections (Mike)
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say "good day" to the people watching the video.
I rise today to offer some reflections and recommendations on the government's financial management practices.
Mr. Speaker, as a new generation here, over the last couple of weeks, we have learned a great deal.
Mr. Speaker, as the Chair of the Regular Members' Caucus of the Legislative Assembly, I would like to express my appreciation to all of my colleagues for the collegial manner in which we have been able to work together since the beginning of the new Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say that we made a very strong public statement on Friday that the Legislative Assembly will no longer just accept and accept the value of the government's own procurement practices.
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. My colleague from Iqaluit-Tasiluk tabled a very important motion on Friday and we will proceed with the review of the Legislative Assembly during the spring sitting.
Mr. Speaker, we are a territory-wide government and it's not always an effective government.
For example, as I noted last week in my opening comments, when we were dealing with the college's capital budget, the government listened to our concerns and made significant changes to the budget.
I look forward to seeing more of that happening in the coming weeks and years.
Mr. Speaker, over the last few weeks, MLAs have asked a lot of questions on a daily basis.
I think it's very clear that we need to re-evaluate the government's spending.
It's just not enough.
I would like unanimous consent to conclude my statement, Mr. Speaker.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Main, please proceed.
Ms. May: Thank you.
Mr. Speaker, I am talking about examples of emerging technologies.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that this information should be made public to the Legislative Assembly so that we, as elected members, can make informed decisions on whether or not any of our expenditures should be increased, decreased, or decreased, or deleted, as we all know, due to limited resources.
Mr. Speaker, I will use these as an example.
I think it's fair to say that we can all agree that the government's administration of the Fuel Tax Rebate Program, or the government's own programs, or the government's own programs, is lacking in support of harvesters.
The Department of Environment is responsible for administering the government's harvester support programs. The government needs to take a close look at its programs to determine how to improve the targets for harvesters to assist them with the cost of fuel.
Mr. Speaker, I will also take another example of the government's grants and contributions spending.
We know that the government has spent a considerable amount of money on developing and promoting programs.
We know that there have been some funds that have been borrowed by the private sector.
We know who received the funding.
We don't know what this money was used for.
We don't know how many Inuit were hired from Nunavut in that fund and we don't even know what the money was used for.
Mr. Speaker, as you know, I could go on for so long, but I'll leave it at that.
In addition, I would like to see better budget management in the Legislative Assembly and I look forward to working with all members to strengthen our budget by supporting all communities and constituents.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Member's Statement 104 - 5 (1): Two Additional Inuit Patients for Care (Tootoo)
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to pay tribute to the people of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet. Today, one of our elders, Annie Tatty, is sent to Ottawa on a plane.
Also one of our elders, Amarok, when I rose in the House today, he was sent to Gjoa Haven because he is not an elder.
I would like an update on Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet.
As soon as I was elected in November, I was looking at the budget and I asked the Minister of Health about the roof. Where are the plans for the establishment of an elders' facility in Rankin Inlet or in Nunavut?
I was told by the Minister of Health that all of us, as MLAs, are very concerned about our elders.
At our next meeting in Pond Inlet, this issue will be brought up.
I am waiting.
The other day I rose in the House to speak about the capital budget. I didn't see it in the budget.
I was told that I should not talk about this because I have to stop.
However, I was grateful to our Chairman, Allan Rumbolt, that I was able to proceed with the tabling of my feelings on this matter.
Now I stand up for myself as an elected member because I am not satisfied.
The issue of sending elders south to other jurisdictions is not acceptable.
As Members of the Legislative Assembly, we want to be a government that respects our elders and sends them out of Nunavut.
Member for Amittuq, Mr. Kownirk.
Member's Statement 105 - 5 (1): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteer Search and Rescue (Rankin Inlet)
Mr. Cloutier (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my pride in one of my fellow residents.
The search and rescue teams work really hard to search for people when there is an emergency.
It's just for their operations.
I rise today to congratulate the search and rescue members in my community of Hall Beach. They are the chairperson of the search and rescue society, Kyle Issigaitok, and the coordinator is George Innuksuk, Martha Gibbons Tupik.
Abraham Ullulaq is an elder.
As I stated before, he is the first one to go out for search and rescue. Here is an elder.
Our elders tell the truth.
We don't think they're the future.
I'm here now. I'm always disappointed.
When you go out on the land, please be patient.
Mr. Irniq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize the Igloolik search and rescue group. They had a meeting this week in Hall Beach and it's springtime now.
For that reason, Mr. Speaker, if you're going out on the land, please SPOT and if you're going out on the land, ask your elders wherever they want to go, then I'll catch up.
Those kinds of things.
I rise today to reiterate that the search and rescue organization has one snowmobile and they have never received a response.
I would like to see more assistance for search and rescue operations.
That's it.
The last name on the list, Member for South Baffin, Mr. Joanasie.
Member's Statement 106 - 5 (1): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to thank the minister for listening to some of the good news from the Sam Pudlat School in Cape Dorset that they're going to be doing. I'm sure there will be individuals who will be invited to participate in the music program as well.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the singers for giving us the opportunity to travel to Cape Dorset with the help of the Hamlet of Cape Dorset.
There are none.
Member for Quttiktuq, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize four individuals in the Gallery.
First of all, I would like to recognize the Parks Canada Coordinator for Nunavut, Jenna Bern, and her assistant, who always looks after me and my children, my wife, Carol Akeeagok.
I would like to thank all of you for being able to come to Iqaluit from the High Arctic. We are very grateful that my sister, Naomi Kokak-Kulluruqtuq.
I would also like to recognize an individual who is here for school, Jaden Natanine.
Let me provide some background.
When I was a child, I was still a child...
...I was expecting the first lake.
I don't think many people expected to get their seal meat from the lake because we lived in a sandy island.
They helped a lot and they were my mom.
I would like to thank them for being able to come here again.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly, Mr. Uttak.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My parents were given photographs of the Ukkusiksalik Park.
I would also like to thank Theresa Uttak for providing me with tea and Louise Uttak. I would like to thank you for having a good meal and I will be billeting with you again.
Thank you very much.
Welcome to the Gallery.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Mr. Kamingoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naomi Kokak-Kugluktuk and Carol Akeeagok, who are my relatives.
I would like to recognize Naomi from Grise Fiord. I don't have many relatives every day.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Pangnirtung, Mrs. Nakasuk.
Mr. Nakashuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize and congratulate my husband, Andrew Nakashuk.
Please welcome him.
Mr. Nakashuk, welcome to our Assembly.
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery. I have no more names on my list.
We will move on in our orders of the day.
We will begin with the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
Question 123 - 5 (1): Private Sector Legislation (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice.
Mr. Speaker, I've had an opportunity with my colleagues over the last couple of weeks to go through some of the training for corrections officers.
I would like to ask the minister if this government is going to introduce legislation on waste management.
Minister of Justice, Minister Ell.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker and Mr. Hickes for the question.
As of today, the Government of Nunavut does not have a Code of Values and Ethics.
My department is aware of the company that is providing security services in our communities such as health centres.
We are currently in the process of reviewing the policy for the establishment of the Nunavut Business Credit Corporation.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As the minister is saying, one of the last jurisdictions in Canada that doesn't have a Business Incentive Policy, we want to make sure that they have the ability and the ability to be accountable and provide that service.
We have established standards in all the regions.
My next question is: once the review is done, will there be a legislative proposal for that?
Mr. Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Mr. Hickes, yes, we can work towards developing policies or regulations for the private sector.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Hickes.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I would just like to state that the Department of Justice has oversight over the enforcement aspects. If the enforcement officials work with the Department of Community and Government Services in coordinating the contract, they should be contracted by the Government of Nunavut.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Regulations or policies are prepared by the Department of Justice or any other department.
I don't have the information in front of me, but I will look into it and get back to you.
Question 124 - 5 (1): Status of Site Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you very much.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
So these are questions that I asked the minister last week regarding the clean up of the contaminated site in Baker Lake.
In one of his responses to my questions, the minister indicated that this "final report" was prepared and submitted to the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
Will the minister commit to providing a copy of the report to both the Hamlet Council of Baker Lake and as the MLA for the community?
Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation, Minister Iqaluaq.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, Mr. Mikkungwak, I can commit to doing that.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
One of the things that the minister is rising today is to talk about how the Qulliq Energy Corporation can work with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean up this mess. Mr. Speaker, I would be happy to hear that when I go back to the community next week and I will encourage the hamlet staff, the Qulliq Energy Corporation staff, to meet with their staff.
Mr. Speaker, I don't think that would be too hard to do because the Qulliq Energy Corporation storage facility is located in Baker Lake.
The minister indicated that the Qulliq Energy Corporation has already spent $1.68 million to date on the clean-up.
Can he clarify how much it would cost to clean the remaining site?
Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The total cost of the clean-up would be approximately $10 million.
Our intention is to work with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean up the contaminated site.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Speaker, as I indicated in my last question last week, the federal government and the Government of Nunavut have not come to a final price yet.
Mr. Speaker, I am in support of the Qulliq Energy Corporation's position that the damage was done because it was under the responsibility of the federal government.
Will the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation commit to working with the Minister of Justice to explore and clarify the legal options that may be open to such an approach?
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, as the Minister of Energy and the Minister of Justice, we will work together to resolve this issue.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lysytheon.
Question 125 - 5 (1): Early Childhood Education Leave Policy (McLean)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Public Service Act.
In previous years, the government's annual reports on the administration of the Public Service Act have indicated that a significant number of individuals took advantage of the government's FANS program.
Unfortunately, the 2016-17 annual report did not include that information.
Can the minister provide the House with this information?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I think the member wants us to go through the annual report and I'm sure that they will be able to table that annual report.
I don't know if the patient's needs are going to be there.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Lightstone.
I would just like to ask the minister if he could provide the House with an update as to how many employees took advantage of the FANS program in 2016-17.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Speaker (interpretation): The question has been taken as notice.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Question 126 - 5 (1): Status of the old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Nakashuk)
Mr. Nashook (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today are for the Minister of Community and Government Services.
I have asked the minister in the past about the old Pangnirtung Health Centre that is no longer in use after the new health centre was renovated.
The old health centre has been unoccupied for some time, but the door is still open.
My question is: what kind of plans does the minister have for the old health centre?
Minister of Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank my colleague for that question.
When a building is no longer being used by the government, it becomes a question of the owner of the building.
The old health centre was built in 1975 in Pangnirtung and it went through that process.
The Department of Health no longer wishes to spend it.
We consulted with various government departments and we didn't hear from anyone who was interested.
We're now making plans to see if they can be taken over by the hamlet council.
If they don't want to get it, we would go to the non-profit community to get it.
We have to go through the process of disposal of assets.
That's where we are at right now.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
If I understand the question correctly, the communities have been asked if they would like to start incarceration or what the situation is.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We haven't heard from the government that they want it.
At this time, we're planning to see if the hamlets would like to get a conservation officer.
That is where we are right now.
Your final supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
I thank the minister for his response.
I'm not sure if the hamlet is interested in getting a building, but if it can't be built from there, what happens if the government buildings are no longer being used?
Thank you for that question.
There are four main barriers that we use.
For example, when the old health centre in Pangnirtung was no longer in the public interest, we asked if it was in the interest of other government departments.
The hamlet didn't want it, so we're going to check with the hamlet to see if they want it.
That's what we use.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Question 127 - 5 (1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
I would first like to say "good afternoon" since I have been here. I didn't say "good afternoon" to them.
We will be going home very soon.
Mr. Speaker, it is regrettable that some of Nunavut's most vulnerable residents have to travel south to receive care, even away from their families.
I agree with you. When you're visited, it changes a lot.
The Department of Family Services' Medical Travel Policy, which is on the government's website, was tabled in June 2013, effective March 31, 2018.
I was led to understand that the previous Minister of Family Services committed to making changes to the family travel policy.
Can the minister indicate if there have been any changes to the Social Assistance client travel policy since 2013 and, if there have been no changes since March 31 of this year?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I can't speak for the previous minister of mine, but what I can say is that the policy will be in place until March 2018 to the end of the year and it will remain in place until a new policy is introduced.
I haven't heard anything from the Department of Family Services officials about any changes to the policy.
If there is a need to change it, then we can look at it and say, "We can't change it."
If there seems to be a change that is going to be beneficial to the income support recipients and to the government then we can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker, and thank you, Minister.
The Department of Family Services' client travel policy states that an elder who is under the care of a social services client can be visited by two family members or guardians on an annual basis.
Can the minister indicate if this policy has been revised to allow for two visits per year?
There are two return tickets; two travel tickets at the same time or one travel two times.
Just to be clear, two return tickets per person, two return tickets per year per dependant.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Will the minister commit to considering changing the family travel policy for adults who are in care?
The policy is expiring very soon and at the end of the day, we will have to review it, but I can't commit to anything right now until the review is done on the policy itself.
I'm sure that there will be a review of all the medical travel that is paid for by Family Services.
We will have to work with the Department of Health to make sure that the policies are adhered to, but I can't say yes other than that because the Medical Travel Policy will be expiring soon.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Question 128 - 5 (1): Update on Medical Travel Office (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Mr. Speaker, from time to time, many of my constituents have come to my office seeking help in dealing with their health issues.
The minister frequently advises me and he even issued a phone call last week that Nunavummiut can call the patient relations office if they have concerns.
Mr. Speaker, language and where you come from, it becomes a barrier.
Can the minister tell us how much more can the patient relations office do?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
Hon. Patterk Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand your concern and we do try to encourage people to call a toll-free number so that we can get an immediate response.
I don't have that information in front of me, but we do have an email address and we also have a fax number.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation) I don't know if he answered my question or not, but I'll ask it anyways.
Mr. Speaker, the Information and Privacy Commissioner has raised concerns about the issue of confidentiality, and I understand that there is an urgent need to address the issue of confidentiality.
The patient relations office has a form that outlines complaints or concerns.
However, if you don't have a fax machine, you can't send it on your own. You don't have all the computers, so you can't take a picture of a computer that is going to be downloaded.
Can the minister clearly explain why the Office of Patient Relations is not required to have a fax machine?
An Hon. Member: Good question.
Ms. Angnakak.
That's a very good question.
I think the reason why we're seeing a decrease in the use of facsimile machines is because we're seeing a lot of advancement in technology across the government.
According to my substantiation sheet, the government has a website that can be accessed, www.patientrelations@gov.nu.ca. All communities have health centres.
If you want to send out the application forms by fax, you can send them out.
They can be faxed to our headquarters office.
If the patient relations office doesn't have fax machines, I can look into it.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Question 129 - 5 (1): Income Support Policies (Tootoo)
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Mr. Speaker, some of the questions that were asked by the Member for Kugluktuk in regard to income support.
The minister indicated that the Income Support Program, which is signed by the department on a program basis, is part of a productive choice program.
Can the minister clearly explain how the search for this position would be conducted in a fair and transparent manner?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
With respect to the report on the improvements to the selection process, I personally would have thought that if there is no job opening at all, yes, it's useless, but at times, they can only get a job because they are short-staffed.
Perhaps it would be better if he was able to go and look for an individual who could go to the appropriate department.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Towtongie.
The Income Support Program is a policy, not a policy of the Nunavut government.
If it's a policy, we wouldn't be able to make changes.
I see, when you don't have a job to do, when you have a young person who wants to get out of work and wants to get out of work on a monthly basis, that's what they're doing; how they're going to do it; how they're doing it; how they're doing it; how they're doing it; how they're doing it; how they're doing it; and how they're
Can the minister clearly explain what specific aspects of Nunavut's situation should be addressed by establishing an outpost camp policy?
At this time, he's only focusing on Nunavut and not Nunavut.
This policy is for Nunavut only.
This is just for Nunavut.
There was an assessment done on income support and that's why the policy was changed.
At this time, there is still a lot of money available for income support and also for the children who are on income support.
The position has been advertised and it will be reviewed again.
If you don't have a job, you won't be able to get a job. However, with respect to the benefits, yes, you have to make proper choices.
Question 130 - 5 (1): Mine Training (Irqittuq)
Mr. Irniq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to direct my question to the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that the mining companies when they're trying to develop a career and they're responsible for the environment, the benefits are great.
My question today is in regard to the employment of students.
Last year, your department's 2017-18 main estimates for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation included $200,000 in funding for the Nunavut Mine Training Program.
Can the minister provide an example of how much funding has been used to date in 2017-18?
I hope I was understandable.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Thank you for your questions.
What I can say is that we don't have a breakdown of how the program was used.
The department is working with Family Services, Nunavut Arctic College, the federal government, our mining industry, and Inuit organizations to develop a number of programs to prepare Nunavummiut for opportunities in the mining sector. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Kownirk.
Mr. Irniq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that answer.
Will the Department of Finance be increasing its budget or decreasing its budget for the 2018-19 fiscal year?
Minister Sheutiapik.
I can't respond to that right now, but I apologize if I can go back to the member's question about the $200,000.
Kitikmeot Corporation: $61,000; Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Literacy for Baffin; $60,000; and the Hamlet of Arviat, Labour Market Development Training; $78,000 for heavy equipment;
Thank you for that clarification.
Mr. Speaker, as you will recall, last week, I tabled a copy of a recent exchange with the mining company that was named Erie Diamond Mine.
They will be working near Hall Beach this spring.
Will the minister commit to working with the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, not just the Department of Europe, but all mining companies in the north to explore ways to promote economic development opportunities in my region or in the High Arctic?
To add to that, Hall Beach is a small community and they will be able to use a lot of money, but they go through the mining companies.
You also stated that you will be supporting the mining sector.
My question, Mr. Speaker, is: will the department be able to manage the Mary River project properly?
In the Baffin region, in the Kivalliq region, they're doing the gold.
Are you going to be able to do that properly?
For example, if I wanted to get a higher grade, how can I get training and how can the Department of Economic Development help me?
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to thank the member for posing excellent questions.
There is an interdepartmental group, the Department of Education has a mining training group and it's important to recognize that mining development varies from project to project.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Oral Questions.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 131 - 5 (1): Support for Medical Staff (Main)
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Let me first say that my question is directed to many communities, not just my community.
I think it's all over Nunavut that we have nurses working in the health centres.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that there is a lot of pressure put on the nurses, especially in the smaller communities, because there is too much work to be done.
Due to the lack of staff, there are not too many positions available.
It seems obvious that this is a very difficult issue.
I hope I was understandable in Inuktitut.
I'll speak in English. (interpretation ends) Mr. Speaker, the workload is increasing due to a lack of capacity.
My question for the minister: can the minister tell the House what specific actions his department is taking to provide additional support to health care staff in communities who are already facing high rates of workload?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
I thank the member for that very important question.
The issue of staffing at the health centre is very important and it's something that we've been working very hard on as a department to make sure that we don't have a shortage of staff at the health centre.
I hope that's the case, but we're always short.
I know the nurses are very patient.
Our department works to the best of its ability.
We just recently did that in the community, when the nurse is tired we sent out an extra nurse to provide support.
If the nurse finds out that there's too much work to do, they can go to the health centre to find out.
When nurses are in a situation where there's a vacation, or a sickness, or a sickness of a nurse, we look at those situations to see where we can get an escort from the community.
We want to make sure that we don't reduce the number of nurses that are providing health care in Nunavut.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his response.
I think we're all concerned about the department's statistics. For example, in my community, it's evident that there are still too many vacant positions at the health centres.
Of the 70 percent vacancy rate, Arviat is 44 percent.
I know it's a challenge.
I would like to ask the minister if he could explain the challenges that his department faces in ensuring that the additional staffing levels at community health centres are met in a timely manner.
Ms. Angnakak.
We can't retain them after 30 months, when they're trained, or when they're not up to date, or when they're not, it's very difficult to retain them.
I think it's important that you look at the whole issue of how we're going to help the communities.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I thank the minister for his response.
Let me say this in another way. Mr. Speaker, we all know that there are problems in the communities. There is always a great deal of workload and a shortage of health professionals.
What are the problems in the communities and what is being done? What are the concerns about the problems in the communities?
What is being done to ensure that our nurses and other health care professionals are supported by the department?
Hon. Patterk Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
To be clear, I don't have that level of detail.
If we're going to have an emergency, we don't have the luxury of having an emergency where they can't make an appointment because they're overworked or they're overworked.
In our department, as I said, we're trying to fill all of our positions. It's a challenge because we're competing against national competitions.
That's what we're trying to do. I know that they work with people from the north who have experience, not in the north but in northern Manitoba.
I know that the Department of Health is well aware of the challenges that nurses face.
We try to provide as much assistance as we can. It's not that easy to fix it right away, but we have to keep working on it.
Question 132 - 5 (1): Insurance Policy for Government Equipment (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Finance.
Mr. Speaker, as we all know, in all Nunavut communities, there are different types of infrastructure, such as airports, health centres, schools, and offices.
My question to the minister is: when it comes to contingency plans, is the infrastructure at uniform or is it on a case-by-case basis?
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Our contingency plans are broken down into different components depending on the infrastructure.
Each of our infrastructure has different policies and some don't even have policies. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I recently saw on the news that one of the schools in our community was burned down.
The Department of Finance is trying to find a way to ensure that the infrastructure is adequately insured. We have also learned that the cost of doing business in Arctic Bay is $10 million.
How will it affect the Workers' Compensation Board if there is another fire in the school? (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Today, the insurance coverage has increased from $10 million to $20 million.
We continue to encourage the Department of Education and all of us to continue to lobby the federal government to continue to address the high cost of fires and unfortunately, the high cost of fire.
I think we all have to try and demonstrate that we have a better way of doing business. We have to show that the cost of doing business is increasing and that we have our own insurance premiums now. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I can understand how frightened I feel when it comes to municipal insurance coverage.
I had a question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The new budget includes $20 million for school fires.
Schools and other facilities have to pay up to $1 million.
There is a difference.
I can't say how many schools would have to burn, they don't have insurance.
I hope that we don't have fires in this government, and I appreciate that we have to keep lobbying all Members of the Legislative Assembly because this is a school for our children and the public...
It's not just for the schools, it's also for health centres because these are very important services that we provide.
Any damage is a challenge to our clients and I will continue to push for these facilities.
That's a reminder.
It's a public building. It's for all the students and the public. It's for schools, health centres, and garages.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Question 133 - 5 (1): Increase in Education Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, in his Member's Statement, he talked about the fact that as a fifth Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, we have the opportunity to make a new contribution to our territory in a brighter future.
Can the minister tell the House if he would be willing to reopen the idea of establishing a university in your community with the private sector and other partners?
Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College, Mr. Joanasie.
I thank the member from Baker Lake for that question.
With respect to Nunavut Arctic College, we advertised various post-secondary institutions outside of Nunavut.
We have heard about various organizations, such as Agnico-Eagle, who have established a university for Nunavut.
We have asked for this to proceed, but to date, we have negotiated an agreement with a third party from Nunavut Arctic College.
It's very important that we provide funding for educational expansions from Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit to Piqqusilirivvik programs.
I feel that Baker Lake would be a great place to expand.
Can the minister clarify whether he and his officials have spoken to the Board of Governors of Nunavut Arctic College to envision ways of providing post-secondary education opportunities to Nunavummiut?
Mr. Joanasie.
Nunavut Arctic College would like to see more opportunities for Nunavut Arctic College students to attend post-secondary institutions in their communities. We are aware that there are opportunities for online learning.
Further, with respect to the member's comment about the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School and how it can be expanded further, we are looking at that.
Yes, the Nunavut Arctic College Board of Governors will be involved, along with my officials at Nunavut Arctic College, the president, and the vice-president. They will be planning on moving forward with this.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Mikkungwak: Mr. Speaker, I recognize that the previous government accepted the recommendation that Nunavut Arctic College not be created at this time.
Will the minister commit to getting back to me and reporting back to the House on his findings?
Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Mikkungwak for the question.
The option to build a university in Nunavut is a multi-purpose concept.
Agnico-Eagle has also committed $5 million to a new university if there is an interest in it.
I think the discussions are ongoing.
In the next four years, I don't know if we're going to be able to go through that process.
Members, please note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Main.
Motion 015 - 5 (1): Extension of Question Period (Mike)
Ms. Main (interpretation): Pursuant to Rule 39 (7), I move, seconded by the Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that question period be extended.
The motion is in order and the motion is not debatable.
All those in favour of the motion.
All those opposed.
We have extended the time for question period by 30 minutes starting from now.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 134 - 5 (1): Grants and Contributions (Mike)
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
I rise today to ask the Department of Environment about the Harvester Support Program.
In reviewing the government's main estimates for 2017-18, there are three categories.
I'll speak in English so that I can make myself clear.
The department has been allocated $150,000 for this year.
Mr. Speaker, I would first like to ask if the minister can clarify how his department measures and evaluates the effectiveness of its operations.
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
That's three times a year and we're hoping that we will have good competition right now in the beginning of March. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
I thank the minister for his response.
Mr. Speaker, the information that has been provided to the Members of the Legislative Assembly over the years, I really wanted to see it and I think it's important for the hunters as well.
In 2011, the Department of Environment stated that the average price for sealskins was $800,000.
In 2012, it was $1.1 million and in 2013, it was $1.04 million.
Mr. Speaker, can the minister provide me with an update on the sale of sealskins this year and provide me with an update on the status of this year's sales? I would like to know if there is an update on this year's sales or if there is an update on the status of this program.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I can't say where they are at right now because I don't have the latest bids.
What I can tell you is that the Aqsarniit Middle East fur sales tend to go up and that's probably going to be the case and we will see the results of the auction. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I also thank the minister.
This will be my last question, Mr. Speaker.
The Department of Environment is looking at ways to provide more funding to the hunters so that they can provide more support.
We know about the fox pelts as Nunavummiut.
I believe the funding that is used for one year is too small, Mr. Speaker.
I thought it was too small.
I would like to ask the minister if he agrees with me and if he can look into this over the coming months.
I agree with you, and I look forward to bringing forward an increase in the amounts if you support it.
Question 135 - 5 (1): Compensation for Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
Mr. Speaker, as we are all aware in Nunavut, hunters are damaged by polar bears and their cabins are damaged by damage.
Mr. Speaker, there is a compensation program for damages. However, it is very difficult to replace the damaged equipment.
I'm wondering if the funding for compensation for damaged equipment has been depleted this year.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
I'm sorry I didn't hear everybody.
Can he repeat his question?
Speaker (interpretation): Please repeat your first question, Mr. Keyootak.
Our equipment, snowmobiles, and cabins are damaged by polar bears, especially when we are away.
Mr. Speaker, as we all know, there are compensation packages that are in place to compensate individuals for damages that occur during the course of the year.
My question was: have these materials that were damaged this year have been used?
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you for the clarification.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
The minister said he would get back to me with that information.
Can the minister indicate how much has been spent in the Baffin, Kivalliq, and Kitikmeot regions?
Yes, I will provide that to the member.
Question 136 - 5 (1): Child Care and Early Childhood Services (Hickes)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Education.
The Minister of Education stated this afternoon that all licensed daycares will be able to receive additional space based on their location.
How many licensed daycares are they looking at?
Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation, Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
The Department of Education's Executive Committee approved a P3 Agreement for a three-year term. Over the past three years, it has been split into four categories.
I would like you to clarify what the amount is, the O&M total is $1.1 million per year, that's broken down by that year.
Those are the numbers that I have.
I thank the minister for that explanation.
Mr. Speaker, when I look at the Child Care Regulations in Nunavut, it's written in the preschool section, section 17, which deals with staffing and so on. All staff working on the day-to-day operations of the child care system need professional training.
Mr. Speaker, I know that the Department of Education is responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Is there an evaluation process that's followed to ensure that the training is up to par?
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
Training is part of an agreement for a three-year term.
It's just outside the $1.1 million.
We want to get more certified teachers who can teach at the daycare.
That's one of the things that we're looking at expanding on with the training of apprentices over the next three years.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I look forward to continuing to provide that information to the House.
When I look at the early childhood staff and the training that's provided to them, I always hear that when the staff is being trained, it seems like they're more effective.
Mr. Speaker, I have also heard concerns that there is a lack of wages for childcare workers who are often working at the daycare.
While the consistency of early childhood education programs is important to maintaining stability in the workplace, it is also important to ensure that the right conditions are met.
The purpose of this funding is to help day cares provide employees with better wages so that they can continue to work there and not work there.
I totally agree with Mr. Hickes. I understand and agree with him wholeheartedly that we want to make sure that our kids are ready to learn and succeed in life before they enter the school system.
That's what we're trying to do. We're trying to support the daycare workers.
Part of the agreement is that as long as the parents don't increase the cost of providing daycare services, I think we can do something to ensure that the staff at the daycares are getting the best value for their money.
At this time, we're still working on it to make sure that we have daycare operators throughout Nunavut.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 137 - 5 (1): Inuit Labour Requirements for Government Contracts (Mine)
On Friday, March 16, I asked the Minister of Community and Government Services a question regarding this issue.
There are more Inuit working within the government and there are more Inuit working within the government.
Mr. Speaker, the minister seemed to agree that he was in support of increasing Inuit employment numbers.
The 20 percent is included in the capital estimates for the Baffin Correctional Centre and ports in Iqaluit and Pond Inlet.
If I understand the question correctly, the numbers are 20 percent and 15 percent.
Can the minister explain how we can change the RFP process to increase the number of companies that bid on the contract?
Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
I think the member understands that when it's done through Community and Government Services, they help the department.
If we're talking about a correctional facility, it would be the Department of Justice.
Those are the types of things that we work with. We work with the contractors to make sure that the contracts are adhered to.
We work with the client departments to see how many Inuit employees there are.
We work with the departments to make sure that they're not over-committing.
I can't state at this time that after the tenders have been let, they will be tendered out and I believe that it's impossible to change them at this time, Mr. Speaker.
Let me ask this question.
If there is no change to the contract, what about the other services that would be provided to Inuit?
Can the Department of Community and Government Services work on this?
I hope I was understandable, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister tell me then, perhaps, tell the House what the issue is when employees from other communities want to work in construction projects, do employees from Nunavut get the same benefits as employees from outside of Nunavut?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the member for that question.
Mr. Speaker, the Nunavummi Nangminiqaqtunik Ikajuuti (NNNI) Contracting Policy provides for the establishment of an evaluation framework for the evaluation of factors, including Inuit labour content. It establishes the criteria:
the scope of work;
Eligibility for Inuit labour force training;
There are also other community programs that can affect Inuit employment opportunities.
Mr. Speaker, we encourage contractors in the communities to hire locally from the regional centres before they go out for recruitment.
We do encourage people coming into Nunavut to apply for those positions.
We do encourage that.
Again, we work very closely with our client departments to make sure that they're meeting the targets.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
For my final question, I would like to ask the minister to commit to working with his department to ensure that the larger construction projects are undertaken in the future.
Will the minister commit to working with the service providers in that department to ensure that job opportunities are created and that people can apply for jobs when they're building houses from outside of the regions?
Will the minister commit to doing this again so that Nunavummiut can be considered for bids on contracts?
Mr. Speaker, I believe that the Government of Nunavut as a whole encourages the people out there in the communities to find work for the people of Nunavut first.
That's the way it has always been.
Going to the Orders of the Day.
Returns to Written Questions.
Item 9.
Reports of Standing and Special Committees on Bills and Other Matters.
Tabled Document 029 - 5 (1): Correspondence and the 2018 Annual Made Report from North Aaron Mines Re: Mel's Diamond Project (Rankin Inlet)
Last week, I tabled a letter from the President of NorTerra, whom I was concerned about, regarding the drilling near Hall Beach.
As I stated earlier, I will be supporting the mining companies because my fellow residents in Amittuq cannot get employment.
I am pleased to table the following document: the President of the North Korean Mining Corporation's 2018 Annual Report on the Operation of the Proposed Plan.
I believe this will benefit my constituents.
I will continue to get back to the member.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Tabled Document 030 - 5 (1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four-Plex Garage (Netser)
Tabled Document 031 - 5 (1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Runway Extension in Repulse Bay (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I have two documents that I would like to table.
The community is growing very rapidly and the vehicles are not keeping up with the demand. The facility is very old and the staff is very overcrowded.
The other matter is if they were to extend the runway, it would really help the community.
The hamlet's list goes on.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Tabled Document 032 - 5 (1): Income Support Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak)
I wish to table today a document titled "Family Services Client Travel Policy, including Requests for Proposals and Regulations."
I have two.
Tabled Document 033 - 5 (1): Options under the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act (Speaker)
Tabled Document 034 - 5 (1): Speaker's List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker)
Thank you, my colleagues. I have two documents to table.
The first document is the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act.
The second document is the Statutory Requirements for Tabling of Documents. (interpretation) Thank you.
Going back to the Orders of the Day.
Notices of Motions.
Notices of Motions for First Reading of Bills.
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters. Bills 2, 3, and 4 with Mr. Rumbolt in the Chair.
In accordance with the authority provided to me by Motion 10 - 5 (1), the committee will stay in session until it reports itself out.
Before we proceed to the Committee of the Whole, we will take a 29-minute break.
>>House recessed at 15:54 and Committee resumed at 16:18
Chairman (interpretation): Good afternoon. I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
In Committee of the Whole, we have the following items to deal with: Bills 2, 3, and 4.
Ms. Main.
Ms. May: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We are now reviewing Bill 2, followed by Bill 3 and the supporting documents.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Minister.
Does the committee agree that we deal with Bill 2?
Do you agree?
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 - June 30, 2018 - Consideration in Committee
Bill 2 is in your legislation binder.
We will move on. Mr. Akeeagok, do you have witnesses that you would like to bring to the table?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses in.
Mr. Akeeagok, for the record, please introduce your witnesses.
On my left is my Assistant Deputy Minister, Dan Carleon.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am here to present Bill 2, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 2018-2019.
This bill makes supplementary appropriations for the Government of Nunavut to defray the operations and maintenance expenses of $491,804,000 for the fiscal year April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
Mr. Chairman, over the course of this fiscal year, the Minister of Finance has been here for the whole fiscal year, but as MLAs, we are in the fifth assembly.
For 2018-19 fiscal year, we will be doing the planning for 2018-19 fiscal year. We will be putting it in Cape Dorset during the spring session in May and June.
To that end, Mr. Chairman, in the interim appropriation, the department will be able to fulfill its mandate to provide services to Nunavummiut over the coming months.
The issue of attendance is about putting money aside for this year's election.
Mr. Chairman, all departments and territorial corporations have had an opportunity to review these interim appropriations. Our ranking system is based on departmental spending and budget processes over the past four years.
We are satisfied that this amount will be sufficient to support the operations of the Legislative Assembly's review and passage of the annual budget.
The major components of the Act are:
$8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly;
$11.66 million for the Public Service;
$29.08 million for the Department of Finance;
$49.1 million for the Department of Family Services;
$32.44 million for the Department of Justice;
$10.77 million for the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth;
$64.1 million for the Department of Education;
$85.77 million for the Department of Health and Social Services' Old Office Building;
$8.32 million to the Department of Environment for office space;
$82.73 million for the Department of Community and Government Services' old office buildings;
$23.29 million for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation's office building;
$73.39 million for the Nunavut Housing Corporation; and
$12.54 million for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Chairman, this concludes my opening comments.
At this time, we are open to any questions or comments.
Do members have any general comments?
Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was reading the Inuktitut version. $32.44 million for the Department of Justice to provide the Inuktitut version of the bill.
There is a difference in the Inuktitut version of the $8.62 million. In Inuktitut, it's $8.62 million for the Legislative Assembly.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): For clarification, the Office of the Legislative Assembly is requesting $8.62 million and the Department of Justice is seeking $32.4 million.
I apologize if it's not translated properly.
The English version is correct.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Just a question in regard to the interim appropriations, we're not talking about percentages, but we're talking about the past expenditures and then general elections.
I know that we did a lot of consultations on the financial controls, but the minister has indicated that there are some real changes that need to be made to ensure that we have the right institutions to provide the services that they're mandated to provide to Nunavummiut.
Mr. Chairman, it's not directly related to this bill.
I'm just wondering if there have been any changes to the way that the funding is allocated to the municipalities in the coming years.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
To date, there have been no changes to the O&M, but I'm sure that we will be seeing some changes in the capital estimates in the fall. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there any more general comments?
I suggest to members that wherever possible you ask your detailed questions during the page-by-page review of the departmental estimates.
If not we'll continue with the clause by clause review.
Go to Bill 2 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Chairman: Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2.
Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance.
Mr. Main, do you have a question?
Ms. May: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I think I should have brought this up earlier, but I do have a question on departmental grants and contributions.
It's my understanding that the numbers are based on the percentage of the total year, but some of the grants and contributions have been used in the past and that's going to be used for the full year as soon as April 1 comes around.
I just want to get some clarification on the grants and contributions. Is it the economic development officer or is it the Nunavut Housing Corporation that's responsible for administering that program? I know it's not for an entire year, but some of the programs are done annually.
Chairman: Thank you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): That's a very good question.
Under the allocation of funding, as I mentioned in my opening comments, the last quarter, when you look at the department's budget, some are for the first three months of the year for grants and contributions.
I can say that Community and Government Services and the Nunavut Housing Corporation are one of the largest departments. As you can see, the grants and contributions are for operations.
If they have to go through an application process, the department has a variety of processes, and in the last four years, all the departments' gambling cycles are reviewed quarterly by the Department of Finance.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Minister Akeeagok.
I guess my follow-up question to that is: can the minister indicate if there are any projects that have been delayed or are they just going to go through the normal process?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The department is operating the same way.
Hopefully tomorrow, we will be able to see some of the work that we have to do in the future with the budget. We were able to put that in place in the Fifth Assembly with the direction from the department and the ministers. The next three months will be the same.
Ms. Towtongie.
I'm sorry. Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the main estimates, there's $491,804,000 above that.
For example, in the bill, it states that $8,623,000 will be used. The minister stated that $8,623,000 will be used.
The $3,000 has not changed and the total amount seems to be $54,000.
Why is that?
I would like clarification on that.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The bill has three pages of Inuktitut and we're trying to get the actual numbers approved.
Those are the actual numbers.
As I stated in my Minister's Statement, I have only reduced the numbers in English to the actual figures. We try to keep it as close to the actual figures as possible.
When we look at the numbers that are in the bill, they're not always correct.
Total Branch. Not Previously Authorized. $491,804,000. Do you agree?
Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman: Do you agree to Bill 2 as a whole?
Do you agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 2 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have closing remarks?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Mr. Chairman, I just want to thank my staff for preparing this so that the government can have this operation by June.
Thank you very much to all the members for helping us to approve this budget, and I look forward to sitting in this House for the rest of our budget session in May and June.
Thank you all.
Bill 2 is completed.
I would now like to ask the minister if he has any opening comments on Bill 3.
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will keep my officials here. I would like them to know that as soon as we go to the other departments, I will be able to ask them to come in.
Mr. Chairman, can I begin with my opening comments?
I am here to present Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018. Through this bill, the government is seeking to increase the maximum contribution of $56,602,000 for the following reasons:
$49 million to the Department of Health to cover over-expenditures in medical travel, mental health, rehabilitation, elder care, medical care, and tuberculosis programs;
$6.2 million to the Department of Justice to cover a budget shortfall in the policing, corrections and court services; and
$1,402,000 in over-expenditures for the Children, Family Services and Banking Services Branch.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments. I look forward to responding to any questions or comments that members may have.
Do members have any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Family Services.
Total Children and Family Services. $1,402,000.
I just saw the substantiation sheets and it still doesn't really give me a good picture of where you're facing more than that.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don't have the breakdown of how many we have right now, but there are two main categories where we send more children out of the territory for residential care.
For example, there's an elder in Igloolik, I don't know if it's in Gjoa Haven or not, and he got a ticket from Ottawa so that he could go and visit the community.
It's not just the family services department that gets visited.
The majority of our elders are sent outside of Nunavut to receive care and treatment in Nunavut. As I said earlier, we do have more elders visiting the communities.
With the integration of all the elders' programs and services, the responsibility for seniors and elders was transferred back to the Department of Health and Social Services.
Although the minister mentioned some of them, they're not really under Family Services.
Some of them are in the care of Health and Social Services and some of them are elders who are in the care of Health and Social Services, so if they want to visit some of these communities, there is funding available through Family Services for travel.
That's one of the examples I used. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I understand that some of the clients have to be visited because the money is transferred to Family Services.
I am asking if there are still elders who are receiving social assistance that have not been transferred over to the Department of Health.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) According to the information that I have, the positions that were supposed to be transferred to the Department of Health have been transferred.
The non-decentralized communities are still managed by the Department of Health and Social Services.
I'm just wondering if there are any other programs that haven't been transferred over to Family Services yet. Looking at the substantiation sheets and the business plan, I think all of them have been transferred. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Maybe I'm confused, but if the Minister of Family Services could clarify that for me, I would appreciate it.
It's up to Minister Akeeagok if he wants a different answer.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thought the question was: do we still have people in the Department of Health and Social Services?
My response was that it's under the Department of Health right now and the seniors' program is there.
We are still on Family Services.
The purpose of the supplementary appropriation is for the Department of Family Services to figure out what was overspent. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that clarification.
I understand a little better now.
Maybe I'll rephrase my question to make it clearer.
Does the Department of Family Services still care for elders?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, we still have programs for elders and I would like the Minister of Family Services to clarify that.
Mr. Speaker, I am aware that the government's programs, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, and the Department of Family Services may have over 60 years of age that it is administered by the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program.
If I missed anything, Minister Savikataaq can help me to respond to the question. (interpretation ends) Thank you.
I thank the minister and his officials for clarifying that.
This is my last question.
When people are sent outside of Nunavut, are they still eligible for income support?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like to have Minister Savikataaq respond to that question.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
There are different circumstances.
In some cases, it's the same thing for income support, but I can't guarantee that for every single one of them.
I have detailed questions on this page.
It indicates that they will be issuing surpluses from other departments.
That's the way it is right now. Do the other departments that are in here support all of Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Most of that was transferred to the Department of Health.
It's not that much of a subsidy. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that answer.
When do you identify that they may be in a deficit position and how do you deal with that deficit?
I'm not sure if that affects our meeting, but Minister Akeeagok.
The department provides reports on a monthly basis and at the end of the fiscal year, it's a little overdue to ensure that the department's overspending is re-profiled. If that's not possible, then we have to go through a supplementary appropriation.
We're on page 4.
Ms. Main.
The document that we have before us indicates that residential care is based on population growth. The total number of children in residential care was 189.
Are you anticipating that this number will continue to increase?
What is the increase for?
Do you have an idea of what the reason is for the increasing number of people needing care?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) This is an increase from 2013. The number of clients has increased and we're following that growth.
So I'm just wondering if that's something that's been changing over the last number of years. Will that be included in this budget, as soon as possible, from this current year's budget? I don't want to be asking for a supplementary appropriation to be approved so that we can have accurate numbers in the budget.
Is that going to be included in there?
Maybe if we go through each page of the business plan, it's going to be obvious that we're going to have to talk about some of the changes that we're making. If we're not keeping up with the budget, we will certainly look at the budget.
We will have questions when we get to the main estimates. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the document that was provided to us, it says that there is an internal surplus.
It also makes reference to the department's recent restructuring of the Income Support Program.
I'm just wondering if the minister can indicate if any of the surplus tags that were used to fill the positions at the income support office, were they used to fill the positions at the income support office or were more funds going to go to income support?
Which increase did you increase it to?
I'm trying to understand where the surplus went, where did it go?
I'm just wondering: in terms of the Income Support Program, is that paperwork being paid back or is that an increase to the Income Support Program?
Chairman: Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Some of these individuals were hired to work as managers for the transfer of responsibilities from one department to another.
The government's response to the member's question was in regard to the residential care program.
There are a number of factors that contribute to how the Department of Family Services has been able to meet its budget shortfall for this fiscal year. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will be there.
Information provided by the department indicates that it is, and I quote, ..."working with the department to maximize and maximize the amount of money that is budgeted for income support," and that this document says, ..."provides more money for income support."
Will the money that is being requested for staff housing be used for income support?
My colleague, Mr. Savikataaq, can respond to that question better.
Mr. Savikataaq, please proceed.
The Income Support Program has had an impact on the Income Support Program.
The National Child Benefit Supplement was calculated based on income and income.
If the income support recipients get deducted from their income support, that's not going to be the case now. The more people are on income support, the more people are on income support, the more people are on income support.
We're on Total Children and Family Services.
Not Previously Authorized. $1,402,000.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Justice. $2,600,000.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Welcome, Mr. Minister.
What it states here is that it's for the purchase of new drugs. Is there any plan to change the legislation to the federal government this coming summer?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Like you, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask the Deputy Minister of Justice to go to the witness table and remove my deputy minister.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your witness.
On my left is the Deputy Minister of Justice, Bill McKay.
With your permission, I would like to respond to that question.
Mr. Chairman, that's a very good question.
This is not for smoking.
We want to make sure that the drugs that are prescribed in Canada are not coming to Nunavut because these are new drugs that we have to take a look at and implement.
In December, during the Finance Ministers' Meeting, the funding that's going to be provided by the federal government will be 25 percent of the funding that's going to be provided to the RCMP for the assessment of drugs.
There are two parts to this.
I thank the minister for his response.
Another question I have here is in regard to the high cost of housing in the communities.
I'm just wondering if the minister could explain why that's in there.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Minister Netser.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) It's in relation to that. The RCMP received nine more officers in various communities and that's why they provide staff housing.
When there's an additional RCMP member, we have to get them through the government contract to get housing. The additional cost of that is $300,000. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Main, did you have a question?
Ms. May: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The minister mentioned that there's $2.6 million broken down by $300,000 for housing.
Can you break that down in more detail?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'll ask my officials.
Those are the numbers.
Thank you.
I thank the minister for his response.
Why didn't you expect to purchase these vehicles?
I believe it was supposed to be included in the budget.
Was this the reason for the purchase of new vehicles?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That's a very good question.
That $1 million is for vehicle replacement.
We do have a contract with the RCMP to provide the equipment that is needed at the community level.
He had indicated last year that the vehicles weren't replaced due to lack of funding.
However, this year, we had to deal with the vehicles that were broken down due to the fact that they had to purchase their vehicles.
That's why it has gone up so much this year.
However, their equipment is still deteriorating.
Under the contract with the RCMP, we try to prevent each other from buying their own shares.
In talking with our partners here, they seem to come to an agreement and that's how it has gone up.
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
As per my colleague's statement, this is an issue we have to resolve.
These substances are listed as new drugs, with the most dangerous substances listed.
Will the equipment be made available to the communities or just some of them?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Yes, all RCMP officers will receive this equipment for all communities.
Those are the new positions that we're working on for the RCMP and for the public that may be in that situation. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
With respect to drugs that are considered to be the most dangerous substances, when they're starting to find tea in our communities, is there a plan in place to deal with them? If there was no discovery in the community, which communities have you found?
The people who are arriving into our communities are not very pleased and I hope they stop.
However, we now have two impacted communities and most of the materials coming in from Canada are now in the Northwest Territories.
It's very dangerous and I'm very scared of the people who will be trying to get into drugs.
It would be better if you didn't deal with it, but it's a dangerous situation and I'm very pleased that the RCMP is making plans.
Ms. May: I thought we were done.
That's my last question.
In here, it talks about the lack of housing in Nunavut communities.
Within the document that we have provided, there are nine additional RCMP Officers. There are nine or six communities in Nunavut that have been decentralized to the communities.
That was just a comment.
Moving on, Mr. Hickes, do you have a question?
In the $2.6 million that you're requesting, it talks about the court circuits where seven judges were sentenced. Did you also require an interpreter?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) At this time, no, (interpretation) there are a number of interpreter/translators at this time.
I'll just leave that alone for now. In his opening comments, he talks about the need to purchase new phones and the need to keep these aging telephones going.
In light of the fact that they're going to have to replace the existing phone system, will there be any money set aside for the new system or will there be additional funding requested once they know the number?
It's in the planning stages for the department. The funding that we requested is in the planning stages.
The Minister of Finance's business plan indicates that one of the things that the Minister of Finance wanted to do was to have the government's Public Service Act implemented, and the RCMP's business plan indicates that the Tobacco Control Act was passed. As my colleague has indicated, it's for driver's testing and that's in the planning stages, but there's nothing in the supplemental budget for smoking. (interpretation) Thank you
In the other correctional facilities, it talks about overtime and there is a full-time staff member at the Baffin Correctional Centre. What is the average day to day staffing at the Baffin Correctional Centre?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Is that eight?
Mr. Hickes (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to direct my question to the minister. The information provided by the overtime report indicates that the Baffin Correctional Centre's cost is $180,000. Is that correct?
Can the minister clarify that for me?
Through you, I would like to have Deputy Minister MacKay respond to that question.
Mr. McKay: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The nurse in charge, the supervisor, and the supervisor have a lot of other staff who work there. If there is a weather, they have to stay there.
If there's a blizzard, they can't go home, so the employee just said that they're going to be back to work. Does that mean there's only two employees coming in during the blizzard?
Mr. MacKay, can you clarify that, please.
Yes, there are now two employees. If it's a blizzard, they're not supposed to come in right away.
Mr. Lysytheon.
Mr. Lysytheon: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice.
When you get an RCMP Officer do you provide housing separately?
I am happy to say that one of my staff members, who was playing hockey, got tired of the other staff member, but I'm sure that it's going to be okay, but my deputy minister can't write it down.
You have to have a wheelchair.
My question is in regard to the nine RCMP officers that are receiving federal housing.
As I stated earlier, we work with the RCMP through contract.
I just want to clarify for the committee members that 70 percent of the RCMP cost is paid by the Government of Nunavut and 30 percent is paid by the federal government.
The RCMP is contracted out to the federal government. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lysytheon: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just wondered whether the RCMP will be providing housing for all the RCMP officers.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) When the RCMP detachment assigns an employee to a community, they are in the community.
They don't always have one RCMP officer on the land to go camping.
They don't think they're going to get their own housing.
The RCMP operates differently.
When a community identifies that they need a new RCMP member, they try to allocate housing for all 25 communities. (interpretation) Thank you.
It's unfortunate that the RCMP doesn't try to get the community involved.
Once the RCMP gets their own homes, how do they get subsidized?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
I don't think it's appropriate to ask questions in this House.
I don't think we should expect them to own their own homes, but they are provided with housing.
Mr. Akeeagok, it's up to you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
Very good comments, Mr. Chairman.
Although the RCMP only stays in the community for three years, they are also involved in the community raising.
If the RCMP requests a unit from the federal government, then they have to apply for a home.
It's not through our department, Mr. Chairman.
My final question is: how much is this contract for the RCMP?
Bill 5. $40,071,000.
If the contract is approved, it will be $42,671,000 for 2017-18.
Thank you for that clarification.
Thirdly, corrections officers' overtime and casual employment.
Chairman: Mr. Lysytheon, we're finally here from the law enforcement. We haven't got to that stage yet. Could you hold on to your questions.
Are there any further questions?
Mr. Lysytheon: Yes, finally to the law enforcement.
In the minister's letter, he further explained that the total amount of funding that we receive from the federal government was $40 million and that legal fees totalled $30 million and it would have to go up to $42 million.
How do you expect the $42 million to be spent by the end of this fiscal year?
Maybe I could ask the member if he can tell me which number he is talking about.
I just wanted to get some clarification. I sent out a letter on Friday and I think I found the $30 million.
The letter of March 16 date was addressed to the Chairperson of the Regular Members' Caucus, the Minister of Finance.
This document I am referring to is on page 4 and there are five in total.
I would like to thank the member for his response.
The figure listed here is $30 million for this fiscal year and the total budget is $30 million.
We have requested $2.6 million for the RCMP detachment to be used by the RCMP.
I'm looking at $2.6 million in the business plan on page 1, but in the substantiation sheets, it indicates that the RCMP operates on historical sites, including radios.
The department's proposed business plan indicates that the Legislative Assembly is proposing to restructure the division's organizational structure. However, given the unique nature of its operations, the department is requesting an additional $2.6 million to fund an increase to the division's budget for its employee training and development programs.
The line item that he's talking about is $2.6 million for additional staff and casual salaries. On the same page, $2.6 million, it's talked about earlier that there's a radio station.
Can you clarify that, Mr. Chairman?
Mr. Akeeagok, if you want to elaborate further, it's up to you.
If you look at the substantiation sheets that I mentioned earlier, there's another breakdown of the project by $2.6 million for correctional facilities.
There are two separate amounts here, $2.6 million.
The RCMP requires radios, housing, vehicles, and other things. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you, Minister Akeeagok.
If we're talking about the $2.6 million, what's the total of that, I don't understand that. Could you clarify that please?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Ms. Towtongie.
On page 5 of our documents, we're dealing with the law enforcement branch of $2.6 million.
Further down, the $2.6 million for the Corrections Division is not part of our overall budget. At this time, we have $2.6 million for the Law Enforcement Branch.
Do you have any questions?
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you for that clarification.
According to the Inuktitut version, the English version of the budget is the way it is, the Inuktitut version is (estimated), it seems to be an estimate, it is an estimate in Inuktitut.
Can the minister clarify what this means, projections, or projections for 2017-18?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) On my left is a budget line item. It talks about $40 million for law enforcement and $11 million has already been approved by his office.
To my right, they have not been approved yet because we're still in the 2017-18 fiscal year. Your estimates are that they will be able to do that and they will be a little over budget. That's why we're trying to get approval from the Legislative Assembly for supplementary appropriations for the Department of Justice.
A total of $6.2 million, of which $2.6 million will be directed to the RCMP.
That's what we're requesting from you, Mr. Chairman.
I just got confused because it sounds like they're just guessing in Inuktitut.
I almost understood my question, so I'm done.
We're on Law Enforcement. $2.6 million.
Next on the list is Total Offices and Court Services, $1 million.
Total Court Services. Corrections. $2,600,000.
Mr. Lysytheon: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is in regard to the correctional facilities because every year they go over budget. If I remember correctly, they just go over budget.
Is that correct?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is correct. The majority of it is for overtime and for casual employees.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If memory serves me correctly, the correctional facilities have 12 hours. Is that correct?
Given the fact that the current correctional facility is always full and there's no overtime for staff, has your department given any consideration to opening up a three-hour correctional facility in Nunavut and, if so, would that not be possible?
Perhaps I'll get my Deputy Minister to respond to that question.
The member is correct. It's a 12-hour shift.
The rate is set at 42 hours per day for 42 hours per week.
As part of the collective agreement, we reduced the overtime from $4 million to $2.49 million.
As a result, the department's budget deficit was $4.5 million and its budget was $2.6 million.
We are moving forward with the overtime and we will continue to do that.
I remind you to shut off your cellphones and put them on silent mode.
Mr. Lysytheon: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It's a 42-hour work week.
Are employees working 50 or 60 hours a week?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It's too detailed and we have to provide it to the House.
Our deputy minister cannot respond to that question.
We don't have that information.
I don't know what kind of information is required for the operation of the facility.
I would like to ask these questions.
What kind of training?
With your permission, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond.
I think that answers the member's question. There is an increase in the training and development costs under the justice system.
At this time, we don't provide training.
We have trainers that are on contract, so it's costing them a lot of money to run the program, to run the overtime, to run the program, to replace it with someone else.
We're also looking at other avenues to see if there could be a better plan in the budget to make sure that the staff at the correctional facilities and court services are better trained so that we don't have to hire contractors.
Ms. Nakashuk.
I was curious to find out about the $2.6 million when it was mentioned and staff training.
I'm just wondering if the minister could give us an indication of what type of training that they're going to be offering on a casual basis.
Both correctional facilities and the court system provide excellent training for casual and relief workers.
We do have a casual employee who is hired on a contract basis, but we do have a number of training sessions over the next few weeks to train people to work in correctional facilities, for example, to deal with disputes.
Can the minister indicate what programs are offered at the correctional facilities?
I don't know if Mr. Akeeagok has that level of detail.
Through you, Mr. Chairman, I'll have Deputy Minister McKay respond to that question.
Ms. McKay.
I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I can get back to the member on what type of training is provided to inmates.
Depending on which low-risk offenders and inmates are housed at the Iqaluit Utaqqivik Correctional Centre, a trades training program is being offered to prepare inmates for employment, training, and development.
At the same time, the Akausisarvik Mental Health Treatment Program is a program that we have in place for each of the inmates based on their needs for addictions counselling and so on, to try and mitigate some of the anger that may have been involved in the counselling that's offered to the inmates based on the type of counselling that's offered to them.
They can't leave a jail, but they are also taught that if they leave a jail, they will be able to work and they usually graduate from high school. They also have a trades school.
The Rankin Inlet Correctional Centre provides support to inmates.
There are different programs that we provide.
Mr. Akesuk: I am finished.
We are on page 5.
Justice, operations and maintenance.
Total Department. Not Previously Authorized. $6,200,000.
Page 6.
Department of Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Mr. Akeeagok, would you like to make a comment?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): It's not a comment.
If you don't mind, we will move on to another department. The person will be available to answer questions, so I would like to change my witnesses at the witness table before we go into questions. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was going to give you an opportunity, but I'll give you an opportunity at this time.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Chairman (interpretation): Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort one of the officials out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your new witness.
To my left is the Deputy Minister of Health and Social Services, Colleen Inuujaq Stockley.
Not Previously Authorized. Directorate. Total Directorate. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser: My mistake.
I'll be asking questions when we get to the medical travel.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Minister.
Any questions under Directorate.
I don't have too many questions, but when we're talking about elders' facilities in Nunavut, there are three facilities that will be funded under this budget.
As I stated yesterday in my questioning, the preplanning studies for the continuing care centre in Igloolik and Gjoa Haven are ongoing.
At that time, the minister wasn't aware of the number of beds that were going to be used for the facility.
I'm just wondering if we can get an update as to where things are at with the increased demand on the adult group home.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It's in the preplanning stage this year. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What is the status of this preplanning initiative?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like the Deputy Minister of Health to respond because he knows more about the capital estimates.
The Department of Health and Social Services has already planned capital projects for 2017-18.
Can the minister provide an update on the status of this project?
Just to keep that in mind, after the election, the government was probably going to have a new role to play in deciding whether or not there would be an option to expand the Igloolik facility.
It's not that far from that, but we're expecting to move forward once we know what the government's mandate is.
A general comment to conclude. When we talk about the use of government programs, we're talking about inadequate infrastructure and I would like to suggest to the department that it is the responsibility of the government to take care of the elders.
I look forward to progress being made with respect to replacing existing housing stock and identifying options to replace existing housing stock in Nunavut with a variety of options for new housing stock that is currently on the waiting list.
That was more of a comment.
I would like to follow up on my colleague's questions regarding the operations of the elders' home.
I would be interested in hearing how the breakdown of that $900,000 is.
Which infrastructure is going to be divided amongst the group homes?
The $900,000 is divided into three regions and $300,000 is allocated for each of the three elders.
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
How does the Department of Health inform the public if they're going to be overexpended?
It's not just the government that recently issued a new contract.
If there is a need to increase or decrease, the Department of Health and Social Services and the other organizations meet together.
When they have to work together, they discuss these issues.
They are following the Canadian and Nunavut laws.
As noted in the opening comments, there are three new residential care facilities that need to be replaced in level 2 and 3. There are a number of factors that indicate that the majority of these facilities are aging.
Going back to the funding, are you anticipating within the next few years that the costs will continue to increase or will the costs continue to increase as a result of the operational cap?
At the beginning of the contract, three of them were with Family Services.
The Department of Health's contract was awarded in April 2017.
The information that we had provided to the member was that the Department of Health was a little bit different from the Department of Family Services. We looked at it from a clinical standpoint.
There were a number of recommendations made in the report.
When we did see the contract, the elders' facility was not able to provide the services that were required.
The deficit was $1.3 million last year and we're projecting $855,000 last year, so we're requesting almost $900,000.
If I'm mistaken, you can correct me if I'm wrong, when I look at the funding that's allocated to mental health services across the territory.
We usually go through a crisis situation.
Is there any talk about putting money aside for mental health treatment?
We are here, we are just talking about additional funding for operations and maintenance because we are not talking about actual costs.
I don't think it's appropriate in this House or in another way.
Do you have another question, Ms. Towtongie?
Thank you for that clarification.
The Mental Health Contract for 2017-18 is $16.7 million, I believe, for $6.2 million. What is the status of that?
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, the $5.9 million is included in the $43.1 million.
It's under the details of the $16 million and $10 million.
If I can, through you, Deputy Minister Stockley, explain why there is an additional $10 million for this line item.
That's very good to hear because Nunavummiut ask for help and that's good to hear. Please call your health centre and go online and ask questions.
There has been an increase in the number of clients coming to the treatment centre.
I know there are mental health issues and addictions.
There are also costs outside of the Department of Health and Social Services, which falls under the Department of Justice.
Before we proceed to the Directorate, we will take a five-minute break.
>>Committee recessed at 18:03 and resumed at 18:10
I would like to call the committee meeting back to order.
Total Health Insurance Programs. $43,100,000.
In terms of long-term care for elders, you have identified aging care.
We don't have a memory studio in Nunavut.
That's what I'm interested in.
Are they looking at getting a laboratory in Nunavut?
It's not at the top of the list.
We're now starting to work on mental health issues.
At the same time, outside of Nunavut, there is a long-term, long-term, and the last sentence that we have here is outside of Nunavut.
I was a little surprised to hear that the minister's own letter that was sent to the regional office indicated that his department didn't include anything in there because of the over expenditures.
Is his department going to be spending all of their money up here?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you. On page 6, the first item there, $5.9 million, not previously authorized.
We are requesting $5.9 million for the continuing care of elders. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question was more along the lines of the Department of Health's over-expenditures in other areas of the budget.
Perhaps through you, Mr. Chairman, if I make a mistake, Deputy Minister Stockley can correct me.
I can respond by saying that the Department of Health is using the over-expenditures.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the clarification.
The money has not been spent internally. It's being carried over.
The balance of the Department of Health's budget is $49 million.
The letter that I just sent today will be translated today, it's in English and it was sent on Friday, but the attachment doesn't have a number.
That's a very small amount and when you look at the budget shortfall, that's when you look at the supplementary appropriations. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appreciate that you mentioned appendix I guess, but what I was trying to get at with the letter that we received from the minister on page 4 was a breakdown of programs and funding.
Under Family Services, they're showing a surplus for their recycling program.
If not, why not?
There was no indication that there would be a surplus.
On page 5, under Health Insurance Programs, there's an additional $49 million in funding. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It doesn't say anything about the Department of Health.
Within the Department of Health and Social Services, I know that there's a budget surplus for nurses, staff, and computer programs that have been over a million dollars in the last few years.
Can the minister provide us with a breakdown of all the programs that Health and Social Services currently has that are surplused as a result of deficit?
You're asking for very detailed information that might not be available right now.
Mr. Akoak.
...Mr. Akeeagok, go ahead.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for recognizing me.
We don't have that level of detail.
We can table it in the House later.
I'll move on to the elders' facilities.
In the second bullet, it indicates that "The current Elders' Facility is operated under contract by a non-profit Nunavut organization."
I would just like to say that this is a very good tool that is available to any Nunavut organization.
I would hope that the department would be able to contract out thousands of dollars to do that.
I'll move on to a different topic. On the same page of the business plan, the department provides 24-hour care to elders and it states that the department provides 24-hour care and 7-days a week.
The seniors have to be governed according to the legislation.
I would like to ask the Department of Health and Social Services if they have the minimum criteria for the elders' facilities.
I responded to that earlier.
The department has entered into a new contract with an expanded scope of services related to the terms and conditions of the contract.
If there is a misconduct between the interpreter/translators and the Department of Health, they meet with each other to make sure that they're following the proper procedures.
Mr. Mike.
Can you clarify if these elders' facilities meet the minimum level of need?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
It's a new contract. We have increased it from $900,000 to $5.9 million.
The three organizations have been informed that they will be trying to keep up with the demand, but they haven't really reached the level of care they need.
As the minister stated, we're trying to catch up with the communities. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you.
It's starting to get so thick that I'm getting so quiet.
In regard to medical travel, they're asking for $50 million and I have brought this up many times in the House that patients who go to the hospitals don't have appointments, especially in my constituency, when somebody goes down to Winnipeg, they find out that they don't have an appointment.
Does the Department of Health have a list of the patients that went to Winnipeg that were cancelled because they weren't informed of their appointments? Does the Department of Health have a list of those patients and how much they were allowed to pay for them?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Minister of Health has committed to reviewing all medical travel patients who have not been seen or have had their appointments changed.
One of the things that the government is looking at is identifying where there has been an incident.
Our member has been asking those questions and he has seen those types of issues and we hope to include those in the review.
I would like to thank the member for bringing that up and I'm sure we can look at it collectively.
That will be part of the review, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Yes, I look forward to the review.
Just recently, on February 26, the federal government allocated $5.5 million for the Tuberculosis Program. I think it was $82 million.
Has the government or the Department of Health ever requested assistance or has Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami been able to provide assistance? We were given funding by the federal government. Has our government discussed this matter with them to see if they can be compensated for tuberculosis?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you.
That's a very good question.
At this time, the federal government has stated that in the 2018-19 fiscal year, the funding will be used to help people with tuberculosis, but it also states that Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami will be allocated funding for five years to deal with this issue.
At this point in time, the policy states that the committee is an interdepartmental committee comprised of representatives from Inuit communities.
At this time, the additional funding will be provided by the federal government and I, as the Minister of Finance, have not seen the details.
I look forward to seeing more details on this matter. Further, I want to ensure that Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami is fully aware of their roles and responsibilities.
That is how it is.
The ministers will be kept informed as to the details related to your question.
I would like to ask another question in regard to medical travel.
Here in the report, it speaks to medical travel patients who don't have any control over their travel, especially with regard to the increase in interest rates and contracts.
It's a $15 million deficit, but does the department understand why it's going up?
Given that 5.6 percent is projected to increase on an annual basis, what specific factors account for this increase?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. Stockley, to respond to that.
Medical travel and medivacs are increasing each year.
The number of people going on medical travel is also increasing, so it's a good thing that they can get diagnosed early enough.
The vaccination rate has been very high in Nunavut and it's getting worse in Canada.
I will use an example.
Approximately 60 medevacs were scheduled for December.
We're constantly reviewing it.
A combination of both medical and duty travel increases.
Mr. Chairman, I'm not going to get into the details of the increases, but I'm just trying to get an idea of what the increases are for.
Will our population in Nunavut be good for their health?
Can you explain to me if this question is too broad, are we catching up or are we getting left behind?
I'll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that.
Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, in all jurisdictions in Canada, the Department of Health has the highest amount of overcrowding in Nunavut, which has the greatest impact on our health and well-being, and we have moved forward on that, but I'm sure that when the housing shortage does occur, it will improve.
At the same time, we have expanded the marshalling services at the Baffin hospital.
We try to reduce the amount of transport for patients.
We are moving forward.
The other region is the Telehealth system.
You will be hearing more about the operations and maintenance budget.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I'm looking forward to dealing with the main estimates when we get to the appropriate page.
The mental health facility is over budget, $10.5 million, but the other thing that we hear is that it's very attractive.
If you look at the substantiation sheets, it doesn't say exactly what the increase is for.
Is there a pressure from your department to increase the number of people with mental health issues?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) It's both assessment and mental health assessment.
During the Fourth Legislative Assembly, the issue of suicide was raised as an urgent issue.
We will continue to promote those practices. We haven't trained any physicians to diagnose those individuals.
It's going to make a difference for our people and I want the members to continue to table it in the House to the public.
My final question on mental health and addictions is: how many clients are currently receiving care outside of the territory?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) 64.
How does it change from before?
We don't have that information in front of us, but it's an increase and if the member wants that information, we will be able to provide it during the main estimates session.
Let me move on to another subject regarding the TB study that was recently completed in Qikiqtarjuaq. I'm sure all of us agree that this is very encouraging to hear.
Will the equipment and furniture be retained by the Department of Health in other communities for testing or will they remain in the community?
Through you, I'll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond.
Will the assets assessment be done through the capital estimates?
I'm lost.
It's under capital, so I would like clarification on that.
I'll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that.
The majority of these assets came from the federal government.
The federal funding that we received, for example, the Red Seal, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS, the MVIS,
Ms. May: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question, probably the last one.
You say that you're hiring agency nurses and contract nurses. My department has been very successful in reducing the number of agency nurses.
I would like to ask, in this year's payments in the past, what's the change in the amount of funding that is paid to them?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Instead of hiring agency nurses, we are using agency nurses.
From last year to today, we have been using more of our own nurses.
My very last question.
If I get the breakdown of the $8.6 million, I would appreciate it.
Broken down by fiscal year 2017-18, the number of full-time indeterminate positions was inadequate to cover the remaining $52.5 million, with the casual staffing budget exceeding $45.3 million from overtime, waitlist costs of $15.7 million, and agency nurses exceeding $0.1 million, for a total of over $8.6 million.
I just have one quick question. I'm going to go through the breakdown of the information that you're talking about, but Mr. Main has a supplementary question.
I don't want to get into the details.
If a nurse is in Sanikiluaq and there's an emergency during the night, if someone has to leave, they have to be overtimed.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) All of them are for agency nurses.
I know the minister was answering questions today about what the department is doing to recruit nurses.
I'll leave that alone for now.
I just want to comment that when we're reviewing the main estimates for the Department of Health, we're always looking at the medical travel contracts, physician travel, mental health, and medical travel.
The number of mental health and addictions has changed significantly from last year's amount of $6.8 million to $7.8 million.
When I was talking earlier about the budgeting process, I don't know what kind of changes were made, but the Minister of Finance said that they haven't made any changes at this time, but I believe that there are some real changes that have to be made.
So I'm asking the minister, while he's aware of the over-expenditures, to really make sure that the budget is realigned so that we can have an actual O&M budget, to be able to bring forward the actual amounts based on need rather than just adding to it.
That's just a comment, but I would like to hear from the minister on that comment.
That's exactly what I'm thinking, and that's another reality that we're looking at. As MLAs, in the Fifth Assembly, we have been deliberating on these issues and debated on them. Some departments, such as Health and Social Services and Justice, have been consistently coming back for supplementary appropriations.
I'm very pleased that we're discussing this in the main estimates and I'm working closely with my colleagues.
I can respond by saying that since I've been the Minister of Health, there has been a lot of focus on the Department of Health.
I think it's very important that we do that because we need to make sure that we're budgeting the operations and maintenance accurately, and I think it's very clear that we need to re-profile these budgeting processes.
We will have to go through the Legislative Assembly to make changes.
One of our Members of the Regular Members' Caucus made some very observant comments.
I am also in the same situation where we have to work closely together as Members of the Legislative Assembly because we really need this.
I'm willing to work with the Premier and the Members of the Legislative Assembly to make sure that we don't have to be here because we know how much money each department spends.
I just wanted to make that comment and I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for giving me this opportunity.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
I appreciate the minister recognizing the need for improvements.
I just wanted to reiterate that, as the member has stated, this is a legal matter that is constantly being dealt with by the current Members of the Legislative Assembly. The issue of overtime for nurses and other professionals is a recurring one.
I believe that they have to be recognized by the Minister of Human Resources.
If we're going to build up the capacity of the existing positions within our organizational structures, if we fill them where there are weaknesses, as Mr. Main alluded to earlier, how challenging positions are in the government, which puts some stress and anxiety on some of our employees, then we have to go back and take a look at how we can move forward in filling the positions where our strengths are and where
I'm going to go on to the overtime. I'm going to want to know a little bit more about moving forward on what the priorities are and what the initiatives are so that we can look forward to what we can do.
That was just a comment.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have one question in regard to the Mental Health and Addictions Contract. On the fourth bullet, it says, ..." covers the costs of legal fees for medical travel." Is that part of the $10.5 million?
I'll make it brief. Yes, they are included.
Mr. Minister, do you have any further questions?
My last question is in regard to Mr. Main and Mr. Hickes.
Just for clarification, the $8.6 million shortfall is $143 million. You're indicating $151 million to $8.6 million.
Is that for all the salaries of the department?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, these are for compensation and benefits.
Mr. Lightning: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Is the $151 million 100 percent accurate?
It's a $25 million increase in salaries.
I don't think the funding has ever been at 100 percent.
As I stated earlier, we're requesting $8.6 million for compensation and benefits. I believe that we can be the closest.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That's not 100 percent accurate in our accounting.
When it's at the right time, it has a lot of things on it.
Moving on, in the minister's opening comments on page 4, there's $63.8 million for medical travel starting this year in 2017-18.
I'm just wondering why the money was set aside in 2016-17.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'm just waiting for the 2016-17 business plan because I don't have the information in front of me.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We're dealing with 2016-17, not 2017-18.
I'll remember in 2016-17.
I was asking about the medical travel budget for last year. What I would like to know is: what is the department's budget for the fiscal year 2018-19?
Mr. Akeeagok might not have the figures for 2017-18.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I think it's premature for May to make a budget speech for 2018-19.
We're voting on the interim appropriation for 2017-18. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What I'm trying to say is that in our accounting system, there are problems with the way the minister was providing the funding. There are so many variations in the budget from year to year and it's likely that this will be in place for the next fiscal year, so at that time, I will be requesting for the O&M budget of the Department of Health.
I don't want to keep seeing supplementary appropriations every year.
It's just the same process as the other departments, so I'm going to get the details on the O&M.
That was just a comment.
Chairman: Mr. Qirngnuq, do you have a question?
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will ask a question in English so that I'll be clear in my mind. The third bullet indicates, "The actual number of medevacs has increased from last year."
It's talking about the patients who have to be sent out to the hospital. It has increased the number of patients who have to be sent out for medical purposes.
However, it's still going up.
Mr. Mikkungwak, do you have a question?
I'm sorry, I thought you had your hand up.
We're on Health. Operations and Maintenance.
We are done with $43,100,000. If you go down to the bottom, total department, $49 million.
Not previously authorized.
Schedule 1. Operations and Maintenance Appropriation. $56,602,000.
Go to Bill 3 in your legislation binder.
I'm sorry, let me go back.
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018.
Schedule. Supplementary Appropriation. 2017-18. Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Total Appropriation. $56,602,000. Agreed?
Clause 4. Agreed?
Chairman: Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman: Do members agree to Bill 3 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 3 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I really appreciate the questions that were asked in the Budget Address for the next fiscal year and the hard work of our staff in putting together the best estimates that we can have for this fiscal year.
Through that process, we will be able to change the budget.
Before we go to the next bill, we will take the minister out.
Thank you for a job well done and now he can stand up.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you. Were you asking for another witness?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the minister out.
Moving on, Bill 4.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed with your opening comments.
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I am here to present Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
Through this bill, the government is requesting an additional $96,000 in 2017-18.
This appropriation will provide the Department of Community and Government Services with a non-financial contribution of $96,000 for interest adjustments during the budget debate, for the negotiation of a lease with the Nunavut Construction Corporation for the Legislative Assembly Building, and nine Government of Nunavut office buildings across Nunavut.
I would be pleased to take questions.
Are there any general comments on the minister's opening comments?
This is the first time I have ever done this. I would like to understand why we should do this.
Isn't the Department of Community and Government Services able to come up with its own capital plan?
The interest has to be accounted for.
No one would get the money, but when they have to pay it off, the interest rates are higher than expected. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Page 4 of Bill 4 is for Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) 2017-18, No. 4. Community and Government Services. Not Previously Authorized.
Go to page 2.
Schedule 4. Schedule 1. Capital. Capital Appropriation. $96,000.
Go to Bill 4 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018. Clause 1. Do you agree?
Chairman: Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2.
Schedule. Supplementary Appropriation, No. 2018-2015.
Capital. $96,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman: Do members agree to Bill 4 as a whole?
Chairman: Do you agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 4 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
On behalf of the Auditor General and our finance staff, I would like to thank you all for approving the budget.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
We have concluded the Committee of the Whole. I now recognize the clock and would like to report progress to the Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): Orders of the Day.
Mr. Rumbolt.
Mr. Speaker, your committee has been considering Bills 2, 3, and 4 and would like to report that Bills 2, 3, and 4 are concluded and that Bill 3 is ready for third reading.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the Report of the Committee of the Whole be agreed to.
Thank you.
All those in favour of the motion.
Item 21.
Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Third Reading
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Aggu, that Bill 2, Interim Appropriation Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018, be read for the third time.
To the motion.
Speaker (interpretation): The motion is in order.
The motion is carried and Bill 2 is ready for assent.
Third Reading of Bills.
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Third Reading
I move...
It has been a long day.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, that Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018, be read for the third time.
The motion is carried and Bill 3 is ready for assent.
Item 21, Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet South and Whale Cove, that Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018, be read for the third time. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): The motion is in order.
Thank you. The motion is carried and Bill 4 is ready for assent.
Mr. Clerk, will you ascertain if the Commissioner of Nunavut is prepared to enter the Chambers to give assent to bills.
Assent to Bills
Commissioner Nellie Kusugak (interpretation): Members of the Legislative Assembly, please be seated.
Welcome.
As Commissioner of Nunavut, I am honoured to give assent to the following bills:
Bill 1, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 2, 2018-2019;
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 - June 30, 2018;
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018; and
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
It has been only a few months since I sworn your oath to the Legislative Assembly.
Since that time, you have been working hard to create new programs and services for Nunavut and Nunavummiut.
Spring will start tomorrow, June 20, and we expect to see the day of the celebration.
I hereby prorogue the First Session of the Fifth Legislative Assembly, and I encourage all members to attend the next session at 1:30 p.m. tomorrow for the opening of the Second Session.
Speaker (interpretation): Item 22.
As Speaker of this House and Chair of the Order of Nunavut Advisory Council, it is my honour to announce this year's recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
On January 1, 2010, the Order of Nunavut Act came into force.
Its purpose is to recognize individuals who have made outstanding contributions to our communities.
This award is among the highest honours of the Government of Nunavut at all levels of awards, medals, or honours.
As of today, 15 individuals have received the Order of Nunavut.
These individuals have been recognized for their hard work, contributions, and contributions in a variety of areas, including public service promotion, education, language promotion, leadership in diversity, and growth.
I am very proud to announce that I have the honour of presenting two recipients of the Order of Nunavut this year, Ms. Vardy Brewster and Mr. Lootie Palluq.
I am very pleased that we are able to be here with Mr. Pudluk.
Welcome, Mr. Pudluk.
As you know, my colleague, Betty Brewster, has been a well-known interpreter for many years.
In 2016 he was recognized for his outstanding work with the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit on the Language Award.
Mr. Palluq was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of service, Mr. Palluq served in the High Arctic communities. He was an integral participant and a leader in the movement towards Nunavut.
I am pleased to announce that we will be undertaking the investiture ceremony for Ms. Brewster and Mr. Palluq during the spring 2018 sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
The presentation will be televised in the Legislative Assembly and Nunavut.
Congratulations to Commissioner Nellie Kusugak, recipient of the Order of Nunavut, and I look forward to joining all Members of this House in this important occasion.
We will now go back to the Orders of the Day.
Item 22, Orders of the Day.
Orders of the Day for March 20:
Opening Address
This House stands adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, 2018, at 1:30 p.m.
>>House adjourned at 19:25
Hon. David Akeeagok
Hon. Patterk Angnakak
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for Seniors' Advocates; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak
Minister of Justice; Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation; Minister responsible for the Status of Women; Minister of Human Resources
George Hickes
Hon. David Joanasie
Minister of Culture and Heritage; Minister of Education; Minister of Languages; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Joely Kownirk
Mela Kamingoak
Hon. Lorne Kusugak
Minister of Community and Government Services; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Adam Lightstone
Arloo Main
(Arviat North-Whale Cove)
Simeon Mikkungwak
Margaret Nakashuk
Patterk Netser
Emiliano Qirngnuq
(Natsilik)
Hon. Paul Quassa
Deputy Premier; Minister of Family Services; Minister responsible for Homelessness; Minister responsible for Immigration
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik
Government House Leader; Minister of Economic Development and Transportation; Minister of Energy; Minister of Environment
Kathan Towtongie
The Reverend from the Church visits Nunavut
"The Arctic is now linked to an event tonight"
"Rodney Howard-Brown, Reverend Evangelis from Florida, is hosting the event in Iqaluit August 27."
(Photographer Thomas Roneau)
By Thomas Roneau Nunatsiaq News
"Reverend Evangelist who is better known for his actions, climate change disbelief and economic prosperity will dissolve the Christian faith in Iqaluit on August 27."
Rodney Howard-Brown, from South Africa to the Jonathan States, said in a delegation here in the Tompa Bay area last year that these world-class leaders honoured Luisva and drinked her blood donation."
He chased for over an hour at the Iqaluit Church with over 100 people.
But the information is not for everybody.
"The north is now connected to what is happening tonight.
"So, if you want the light (in), stand up here at the church table, or you can leave."
"It's up to you," Howard-Brown said during his first two and a half hours.
There were over 50 participants.
"I didn't fly for thousands of miles to play.
"I didn't come here to be liked, and I didn't come here to ask for consent ... Remember: Jesus at home died, he invited people out of the room."
"Attendees were more people with infants, youth and elders."
"Inside the church of Christian Fellowship of the Church of the Rhodes near Iqaluit, children are running around in armchairs."
"Outside of the building, the church and Mosk are both facing each other in a vehicle just behind the parking lot, both of which are facing Ted Doug Lake."
"The Governor-General of the Arctic Hope Project was one of the founding members of the Bill Prankard Evangelistic Association's Arctic Hope Project in Ottawa."
The coalition did not respond to a Nunatsiaq News request for comment on the issue.
"The historic Yvonnellis event, which ranks 119th out of 300 scheduled community events, began after hour."
"First of all, the Iqaluit Church choir launched the evening in Iqaluit shortly after Evangelist Reverend Louis Arreak, who helped launch the Christian Fellowship."
"Eric Garnier, who is an Anglican Minister here at the Howard-Brown Rebel Church in Indonesia, spent 40 minutes talking about the President."
"Louis Arreak, Iqaluit's Evanjalist and singer, sings Rodney Howard-Brown before he speaks."
(Photograph by Rebel Parish Industry)
"God loves the gift"
Ghanian is asking attendees to email us via registration and to follow the Howard-Brown Instagram post.
He handed out a voucher to Harvard-Brown Church.
"And he tabled Howard-Brown's book, the Killing the Planet, where he quoted from the experience of the crisis in the last 200 years."
"This guy is talking about a guy who doesn't like Christianity, he should be talking about that," Ghanian said.
Mr. Garney hosted an 18-minute movie called Howard-Brown.
"At the end of the film, Howard-Brown prayed that donors of money to the church of God would be provided for by the church's protection."
"God loves the gift," Howard-Brown said in his video.
Ghana was very honoured with her parents at the end of the video.
"One breaks the sky and one collects and together we celebrate the vegetation, so if you're holding a barge in there, it goes to the church and it goes to your fund."
This is amazing."
"He then submitted the bags to be placed and these people told him that they had the right to receive "best gifts for soul," either financially, as a cash transfer to RMI Canada, either on a credit card or by cellphone."
"I've always told people, instead of putting the largest profit on a keen or a new phone ... give you access to the church for promotion and spirituality."
Is that it?"
A lot of people filled out the packages and put the packages in the blue for summer barrel.
Some people just looked at the bag and held the bag.
When one woman puts it in her wardrobe, it is empty.
What I'm trying to get at with this program is that in most countries, it's very difficult for a lot of people. Over half of the population in Nunavut is on income support, including food security and housing.
"Harvard-Brown did not respond to an interview with Nunatsiaq News, so it is unclear how much money he made."
Their earnings are kept secret but the website says that it trains 158 sites.
It also states that individuals wishing to participate in the Aviation Subsidy Program can be taxed income.
Ghanian said he would ask the attendees to raise their hands in the awards to the Rebel Church.
"Father, we thank you for this gift, and we appreciate you being the representative for your soul, going to our bank account," Mr. Garion said.
Three hundred and one litres of fuel was collected.
Rodney Howard-Brown is portraying the woman with the top tier.
Reverend Patterk Netser calls him a friend
"The Reverend Evangelist is already very much based in Nunavut, escorted by most communities."
"The thicket of conferences occurs every year and, by the year 2000, the number continues to increase."
"One of the leading advocates of these types of conferences, Roger Ambaster, told Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that the symposium is a massive hot spot for survivors of family violence and abuse."
But Mr. Harvard-Brown's mentorship of investment in recycling and real estate may be a new direction for Nunavut.
"Patiq Netser, a long time advocate for religious issues and now Nunavut's Minister responsible for Housing and Nunavut Arctic College, now referred to Howard-Brown as his "Askimo friend" who told him that climate change was completely untrue."
"Mr. Netser did not want to be interviewed in the Nunatsiaq News but he said, "Ronnie is a friend of mine and we talk to each other."
"When asked to respond to Harvard-Brown's multiple times in the media, I have also told the U.S. Supreme Court that shootings in the U.S. are not acceptable," Mr. Netser says. "The actions in America are not my responsibility."
My main concern is for my constituents and Nunavummiut."
"Rodney Howard-Brown, Reverend Evangelis from Florida, is premiering here in Iqaluit on August 27. (Photographer Thomas Roneau)
"Tonight on Ice"
"Over the past hour of what has happened, Harvard-Brown - the main mission - went to the cathedral."
"Tonight's light will be on the sea ice," the Reverend says. "More than 100 people, most of them Inuit, age different."
"If you don't want the light, just run to the door while you can."
"At that time, Howard-Brown's voice sounds quiet and quiet."
He stopped short of what was going to happen and he called me to say something and he made some humorous comments.
"I know I don't feel like I'm from Africa, I do because my parents kept me indoors, never let me out," he says with a laugh.
"Moses was the first one from that office.
The first person broke down and had to go back and pick up another person.
And Adamee and Evie came in first place in the Apple production."
"Harvard-Brown became a well-known figure, primarily due to the fact that he was making fun of the proceedings and the attendees were laughing."
"His grandson went to an exit at the age of two, laughed after 12 minutes," Howard-Brown said.
Mr. Howard-Brown has made numerous complaints about other Yvonnes in the world.
Mr. Speaker, Herbert Browne's response to the complaints was that she was simply not satisfied with the breathing and the safety of the family.
"Mr. Arreak, from Iqaluit is Evanjalis and she is a singer who helped with this situation, who laughed at the members when she was mentoring."
"This is not a funeral. Why are people so sad?"
Howard Browne said that.
Mr. Arreak is laughing.
"We serve Jesus and he is alive."
Mr. Arreak has a loud laugh.
"I like this missionary," said Mr. Arreak, and his laughing sounds better."
Harvard-Brown is having a laugh while others are laughing.
"They're having fun.
"Be happy in the water, from the water to the water."
When Mr. Arreak started laughing all of a sudden, the price went down.
"This is real.
No one will be arrested this evening."
"Mr. Arreak, the Nunatsiaq News reporter says he doesn't want to talk to the reporter, so he's laughing."
Harvard-Brown also made some unclear statements, indicating that the language was understood as an aboriginal language in this Papua New Guinea priest."
'Man-Ga-g-a-p-a-p.
"Ron-Pamp-Go-a," he says.
Rodney Howard-Brown invites guests to the church's desk so they can get a warm air.
Some people are not laughing.
But many Harvard-Brown don't like the direction they're given.
There was a sudden spike in the resignation.
"After failing to touch the detectives, Howard-Brown had two people complaining before they went out."
"Where are you going to go?
H.
Yes!
Are you leaving?"
Howard-Brown says to one of the men that he was quietly leaving the church.
"They came in, they took a few pictures and got out of the phone."
Are you reporting daily news here?"
Attendees are laughing.
"What would it take for me to go and get my adopted child back ... and find out who he is and why he is taking a picture and why he is out," said one of his employees.
"After requesting them to go to the clergy room after he delivered his ordeal, Harvard-Brown suddenly grabbed two female seats because they didn't like the latter."
"Have you recovered?
"What are you, Jehova Whitneys?"
The attendees are laughing now.
"I have never seen people sitting right across the border that can't change.
"So you can jump on others, or maybe you're better than others."
When these two women stood up they went out.
"I'm just asking.
"That's what I do, it's my job."
I know the human condition.
Please do not care for me.
It's not funny.
The Arctic is now directly linked to events tonight."
The Action Team tells attendees not to take a picture or record it.
"However, the group took pictures of the whole event."
For example, whenever a patient is crying, they take photographs of the patient who is crying.
"Photos from the Rebel Church of Indonesia posted to social media show a number of attendees who were in their teens at the time of the incident - their face injuries, ice injuries, their mouths shut, or are simply on the floor."
A lady from Harvard-Brown's hand fell on the floor below the thin ice.
"In front of him, Howard-Brown and his staff are going to to touch this couple."
This event was originally geared towards St. Jude's.
"This event originally was intended to be held at St. Jude's Anglican Church in Iqaluit, but it was changed."
"This change was changed by invitation from Harvard-Brown," Secretary of St. Joamie said.
David Parsons, the Anglican Bishop for the Arctic, said he did not know that Harvard-Brown was going to be mentoring Saint Jude."
"If he had known, he said he would have stopped it because Harvard-Brown was way too much."
"As a result, the Anglican Church did not meet the requirement for the approval of the Bishop at the event, Mr. Parsons said."
"The Anglican Church is responsible for the awareness of respect, and they deal with other churches," Parsons said.
"Unfortunately there is a sense of belief in one another, and it is unacceptable to religion and to go to church."
Howard Browne's work seems to be different.
"I am not here to do what the religious people want.
"If religious issues were to take place in the north, something would have happened in the north," he says to attendees.
"I don't come for an invitation.
"Eligibility ... If you have a good light, you should feel welcome."
"Without much attendance, Canada is quietly launching a new northern policy document."
Liberals say this new policy creates a "major change of direction"
"Many Uppermines grew from Cape Dorset, Clyde River, Nunavut."
"Following the day of the federal election campaign, the Liberal government unveiled a long-awaited northern policy agenda."
(Photographed)
By Jim Bell
"Just days before the federal election campaign began, the Liberal Government, in an unprecedented manner, launched a long-awaited northern and northern policy agenda on September 10."
"This document, which introduces a preliminary framework for action, will replace the former Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper's 2009 Northern Strategy and the Harper Government's 2010 Comments on Canadian Northern Policy."
This is intended to guide federal policy in the north by 2030 - but there is no implementation plan or political direction for future action.
"Those will be dealt with in phase two, the action plan says."
"In spite of that, this initiative came from Carolyn Bennett, Minister of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development, who stated that this policy document showed a "significant change in the direction of the federal government."
The introduction of this policy has been delayed from the outset.
"This winter, Mr. Bennett said that this policy will be introduced in June."
CBC News reported earlier this month that a news release from Yellowknife would be released in August.
Liberals' policy consists of eight "objects," which include "objects," and ten (10) "Friends."
"It addresses a number of policy issues, including community and regional economic development, housing, aboriginal rights, environmental protection, national defence and foreign policy."
"President Justin Trudeau on December 20, 2016, in announcing his government's intention to develop a new policy, he even stated that a "strategic partnership" would be undertaken between the territorial government and the aboriginal organizations."
"As a result, more than 25 Aboriginal groups, including the Government of Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, the Yukon, Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador, took part in the formation."
"Through our collaboration with Canada's Northern and Northern Policy Initiative, our partners helped us understand and raise awareness of the unprecedented rights and interests of different jurisdictions, responsibilities and land rights across the north," Mr. Bennett said in a statement.
"And some of the partners also wrote their practices, which are reflected in separate policy documents."
Some of the comments don't mention federal policy.
"For example, the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, the Nunavut Government, the GNWT and the three territorial governments have shared their own language."
However, events are happening.
These letters that were submitted by the parties involved may not represent the federal policy.
For example, a symbol of the federal government's potential for conflict of interest provisions would be accepted by over 31 partners.
"While the Action Plan documents are part of the process, they are not necessarily symbolic of the views of the federal government or any other party," the Action Plan states.
The article also states that approval was difficult.
"The ideas, goals and aspirations of this forum reflect many ideas and ideas."
What that means is there is an agreement with the federal government and the aboriginals."
You can find a link to northern policies in the advertisement.
8 Objectives
"The following eight objectives are actionable, demonstrating the Federal Government's commitment."
"Strong, sustainable, diversified and sustainable communities and regional economies."
• Canada's northern and northern indigenous peoples should continue to apply and do well.
• Canada's Arctic and northern peoples should be safe and well protected.
• Strengthening institutional inequality in another country.
• Its laws are based on a northernly effective approach to innovation and opportunity.
• Knowledge and Understanding Guidelines for Innovation.
• Canada's Arctic and Arctic livelihoods be healthy and sustainable.
Collaboration helps to retain and build trust among aboriginal and aboriginal peoples.
These objectives begin with a variety of "projects" that have been further defined.
Ten principles
"In order to achieve the goals and objectives, the manual outlines the principles under which they are established to "continue to guide the implementation of the mandate."
"The decisions about the north will be made in partnership and involving northerners, in the context of rights, needs and interests."
"The rights and positions of federal, territorial, provincial, aboriginal and municipal governments will be respected."
"Development must be a source of value, social, cultural, economic and environmental thinking."
"Consolidation of Aboriginal Affairs on an ongoing basis, with the experience of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission as a starting point, will be a success."
"While climate change is a reality in this land, action will be taken on a wide range of stakeholders, including its impact on indigenous peoples, who depend on the land and wildlife for their cultural, economic and food security."
"The policy and programming will mark diversity and fairness, as well as provide resources such as a gender-based research (Gender-Based Analysis Plus) approach that may affect a variety of society."
"• This approach will take into account a wide range of foundation initiatives such as rights, interests and circumstances in such areas as Inuit, circumpolar Indigenous and Métis peoples respectively, clearly defined and implemented."
"The Government of Canada recognizes that Inuit, First Nations and Métis are aboriginal peoples of Canada, by definition, a skilled community, with its own history, along with the federal government."
"Working together on the principles of rights, respect, co-operation should reflect the needs, priorities and aspirations of each person."
"Both organizations, from the private sector to the universities and colleges, including non-profit organizations, community groups and individuals from across Canada, have a significant role to play in building a stronger Canada's North."
The Nunavut Conservative candidate awards the carbon tax credit as a "cost of everything"
Leona Aglukark talks about her campaign promises for Nunavut
"Leona Aglukark, Nunavut Conservative candidate, shows Conservative president Andrew Snow grew up in Iqaluit at Serbia Grinnell Park when he visited the city on June 19."
(Photographer Emma Toronto)
By Emma Tander
"A Nunavut Conservative candidate says that if the Conservatives were to form a government, they would eliminate the carbon tax because it "costs everything up."
Leona Aglukark began her nomination to the Nunavut communities.
Nunavut MP began her campaign in Iqaluit on September 12 at the Frobisher Inn.
After that she flew to Rankin Inlet the next day and will return to Iqaluit next week.
The Nunatsiaq News had an opportunity to talk to Ms. Aglukkaq when she was in Iqaluit.
"This carbon tax "promotes air fares, goods, shipping, hunting and homeownership," says Aglukkaq's campaign poster.
Ms. Aglukkaq also told the Nunatsiaq News that this tax has a negative impact on day cares and on the elders' home promotion.
"Everything is affected by the dust."
Ms. Aglukkaq.
"When we can't pay the carbon tax, it's like the brain can't tell the other side of the house."
"However, Mr. George Hickes, the Nunavut Minister of Finance, announced in May that an agreement in Ottawa, the power and aviation fuels in Nunavut have been deemed exempt from this tax."
The Government of Nunavut provides a half-payment tax credit to Nunavummiut.
"Margaret's campaign for Nunavut has four priorities: affordable housing, mental health and industry."
"How can we as a government and the private sector and the Government of Nunavut work together to address this significant housing need across the north?"
"Housing Ms. Aglukkaq's campaign priority is to "Develop options including housing for income support, seniors' housing and disabled persons."
"The federal and territorial governments should also consider ways to promote homeownership."
Ms. Aglukkaq also mentioned northern employment and mental health education for Nunavummiut.
"Nunavut is a vast territory with great coastal resources in Canada and we are still abandoned by the need for marine infrastructure in our territory, so we must consider large-scale projects like this in the Arctic," he says.
"It is our responsibility to provide housing, training Nunavummiut for mental health services so that we can help our communities."
"When asked if he would reverse the federal Nutrition North program, Ms. Aglukkaq said the carbon tax has resulted in food prices going up in the air."
"When he was asked if he thought that the process was binding, and if not, what he would do other than the carbon tax, he said he would talk to the Nutrition North Advisory Board."
"He indicated that once the Conservative government was formed, the council would still exist."
"It is very important to have someone from the north who can tell the government how to improve the program.
This is not a perfect project.
Not everything is perfect in the world.
However, there is a need for northern subsidies."
Ms. Aglukkaq refused to specify exactly how to approach the Nutrition North Canada Program, however, stressed the need for a subsidy on food and the "reduction" would not help.
"Recently, research published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal found that food insecurity in Nunavut under the Nutrition North Canada Program was attributed to the Canadian Community Health Survey."
"Ms. Aglukkaq said the work she has done as the Minister of Environment would contribute to climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but she did not specifically say how she would do it."
He stated that he would be in support of the Keewatin Water License (hydro-fibre link) and the Greece Bay route and the Kitikmeot port for ships.
"Will we be able to avoid fuel in the near future?
"No," he said.
"When Conservative Prime Minister Andrew Shell came to Iqaluit last June, he stated that Nunavut needs to develop a recycling program, saying that "it is very difficult" through the current Liberal Government.
Ms. Aglukkaq stated that she believes that the policies have already been developed to consult with the public about recycling economic development and that it is unclear at this time.
"The Nunavut Land Claims Agreement provides information on how business should be done in the north... The Land Claims Agreement, in my view, is the most important environmental strategy."
"It protects our land, protects our waters, protects our wildlife."
"It is already set out the requirements for how projects should be done.
It has become a legal issue and we have to be very proud of it.
"And the decision on the north should come from the people of the north, not from Ottawa."
"Ms. Aglukark left the headquarters in Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on September 19, her office said."
"He has also planned to travel to Pangnirtung, Broughton Island and Clyde River to the Kivalliq and Kitikmeot regions."
Members look forward to reviewing the new Nunavut Languages Commissioner
Helen Klengenberg resigns from her job as chief medical officer
"Nunavut MLAs will soon be seeking a new Nunavut Languages Commissioner, following Helen Clendenburg's resignation."
Mr. Clendenburg has served as the Languages Commissioner since 2017.
By Nunatsiaq News
"The Nunavut Legislative Assembly will soon be seeking a new Languages Commissioner, following the dissolution of Helen Clendenberg from this position."
"Mr. Clendenberg, the former Languages Commissioner of Nunavut, started in June of 2017, resigned shortly after."
"The Languages Commissioner is a senior officer of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut and must report to the House, now that the Legislative Assembly shall."
"This would be done through the Management and Services Board, which is the Standing Committee of the Legislative Assembly which is responsible for the Legislative Assembly's operations," Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a brief statement on September 17.
"I think the Management and Services Board will begin the process of hiring this individual in the near future and we will be announcing if necessary," Mr. Mikkungwak said.
"The Languages Commissioner's role, which falls under the responsibility defined in the Official Languages Act, is to provide language rights oversight in Nunavut."
"Mr. Clendenburg was appointed in 2017 after a lengthy search and rescue operation that lasted almost a year, following the sudden resignation of Sandra Inutiq in June 2016."
Inutiq quit her job a month after she submitted a report about the Qikiqtani General Hospital not having a language policy and not providing adequate services to Inuktitut and French speaking patients.
He also indicated that the Deputy Minister of Health had undertaken a yearlong compliance audit.
"Following that, the Legislative Assembly issued a advertisement for a position three times before the appointment of Mr. Clendenburg."
"In 2017, the Languages Commissioner's term of employment was paid anywhere from $119,000 to $170,000 in the north, with a northern allowance of $15,016 per year, 25 days per year for leave and other benefits."
The Canadian Inuit Association for Expansion of Action in the Inuit homeland
"ITK's campaign priorities included reducing inequality, building capacity, Inuit self-reliance."
The Canadian Human Resource Organization is interested in a broader economic strategy for the Inuit homeland that will "balance the national railway or rail link from Canada to the West."
The Canadian Inuit Association made a significant announcement to any Canadian federal operator: initiating a major sovereignty ride in the Inuit homeland "with the establishment of a national railway or rail link from eastern Canada to the west."
"In support of this initiative, ITK presented nine topics for priority candidates in the upcoming federal election campaign."
"The Inuit homeland is the non-decentralized community in Canada.
"Inuit are using discrimination against other Canadians, and other Canadians in the Inuit homeland," the ITK news release said.
"In addition to that, ITK has also brought forward a list of interests for the next federal 2020 budget, which is expected to be tabled in February or March."
This submission has strongly recommended that the next Government of Canada proceed with the implementation of the Inuit Land Claims Agreement.
"The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami calls on all territorial governments to commit to implementing Inuit land policy in a political manner, ensuring that Inuit have access to and benefiting from policies, programs and initiatives aimed at helping our people," ITK President Nathan Obed said in a statement.
The two documents contain the following highlights:
• Strengthening all 51 Inuit Communities by using the Power Agency (fibre optic) communication systems by 2031.
• Create technical deficiencies in the Inuit homeland by 2030.
• Framework to terminate all four units in the Inuit homeland within two years.
Re-organization of excess capacity.
Restructuring family violence shelters and temporary housing.
• Increase funding for Inuit mental health and suicide prevention.
Nine specific Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami language priorities are as follows:
Clause 1.
Develop social activities and suicide prevention.
Item 2.
Undertaking a housing program whereby all waitlists are eligible for housing in the north for a period of two years after being selected.
Item 3.
"Undertaking energy and climate initiatives, Canada to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 2050."
4.
Work on strengthening Inuit-Federal relations.
Item 5.
"Undertaking construction sites and economic self-reliance, beginning with the establishment of a northern infrastructure assistance program, which will be available in all four regions, beginning with a grant of $1 billion."
Item 6.
Effective education systems will be harmonized between Inuit and non-Inuit.
7.
"Implement a protocol submitted by the Canadian Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women, along with 46 specific humanitarian matters."
8.
Work on food insecurity and food insecurity.
Item 9.
Work towards advancing Inuit interest in science.
"The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has a tradition of not being regionally responsible, and neither has the political will to support it."
"The final version of the CBC's national audit, from September 20, was that the Liberal Law Commission of Canada and the Conservative Government of Canada were on par."
"This election survey, which compiles all public survey data, indicates that the current Conservative 34.7% support, the Liberal party at 34.1%, the New Democratic Party at 13.5%, and the Green Party at 9.6%, Black Cuba at 4.4% and the Pepper Body of Canada at 2.8%."
The electoral survey and the fact is that the Liberals have more time than the majority of the seats.
"A federal election will be held here on Monday, October 21."
Nunavut has a new polar bear management plan: the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board (NWMB)
"We will do what we can to make it happen before the polar bear hunt."
"Nunavut's new polar bear management plan establishes a gender equal shared total allowable harvest for all Nunavut polar bears," said the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board.
(Photographer Jane George)
By Jane George
Cambridge Bay - The Government of Nunavut agrees with the new polar bear management plan.
This was a message from the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board Members at the Kitikmeot Wildlife Management Board meeting in Cambridge Bay last week.
"The initial stage of the new polar bear management plan is the equalization of the harvesting and harvesting of Nunavut polar bears," Nunavut Wildlife Management Board Chairperson Dan Shewchuk, said at the meeting.
"Meeting in Cambridge Bay is the first of three regional wildlife boards to have a meeting between him and Jason Akeeagok, the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board's executive director, to attend."
Mr. Akeeagok said that the polar bear management plan was "a lot of work."
"We will do what we can to make it happen before the polar bear hunt," he says.
"This plan has been under consideration for almost five years, and it is being discussed in the plan to develop a plan at last March's Iqaluit Nunavut Wildlife Management Board meeting."
The plan runs until 2029.
This young lady had a polar bear that landed on the ocean near Arctic Bay while the four floors were watching.
"Under the new polar bear management plan, the threat of polar bear killing in three communities would reduce the noise."
(Photographer Niore Iqalukjuak)
"In all of the circumpolar countries in the 19 provinces the polar bears, 12 are more in Nunavut."
Polar bear quotas have been established in the regions (for example the only male bears) of these polar bears - and the Mission Polar Bear Protects are included in the annual total allowable harvest set by the communities.
"Although the new plan does not increase the total allowable harvest at this time, it may result in a new total allowable harvest being considered for a new quota."
"According to our plan, Nunavut communities were allowed to harvest only one female polar bear in two male polar bears each year under the Community Polar Bear tag system."
"This was done only in Baffin Bay for polar bears, where there is a stabilization rider in place.
The names would be tagged in half.
The new equalization allowance for male/female polar bear harvesting in the communities for the protection of polar bear populations should continue as required.
"The increased polar bear trafficking in the communities has been a concern in Nunavut since the tragic death of two polar bears in the Kivalliq last year - however, under the current management plan, the protection of the polar bear and if it's a female, then there would be two tags used."
As a result, some communities will no longer have tags to protect polar bears.
"This new plan could reduce the number of polar bears coming into the community," Suzak told Nunatsiaq News.
"However, he previously stated that polar bears are a threat to Inuit culture and lifestyle, because they destroy cabins, birds' habitats and seals."
They attended the meeting in Cambridge Bay where they welcomed the changes to the polar bear management plan.
It was also pleased that the dogs will now have five more tags for grizzly bears.
There was a huge attack that happened and there was a mass shooting. The facility is too close to the houses here in Iqaluit.
"On the other hand, with this new polar bear management plan it may have other ideas."
"Polar bear futures are very uncertain because of climate change," according to a 2018 study by a committee of the COSEWIC, this committee, the kind of species at risk of disappearing in Canada (COSEWIC), re-evaluated polar bears as "very concerning."
It means that polar bears are at risk or are at risk of disappearing into combinations of survival and specified threats.
The Standing Committee recommends the passage of Bill 25 to all Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut.
Standing Committee Recommendation #5:00
"John Main, Chair of the Standing Committee on Legislation, said that the Committee would extend public consultation on Bill 25 and that the Committee would review the Bill."
Bye Emma Toronto
"The Nunavut Legislative Assembly's Standing Committee on Legislation will continue to receive input from the public on Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, until October 11."
They were the last to receive comments on September 13.
"My colleagues and I would like to thank Nunavummiut for their thoughts on the provisions of this important Act," Committee Chairman John Main said on Thursday, September 26 in a press release.
A person was invited to make submissions to the standing committee following the introduction of Bill 25 during the spring session of the Legislative Assembly in June.
Second Reading of Bills was passed and referred to the Standing Committee for review.
"The Standing Committee met in mid-September to review the Bill, and its submissions to the public."
The standing committee also announced an extension of its review of Bill 25 in the fall sitting to allow for television coverage in the next two weeks by the end of November.
"The Minister of Education and witnesses will appear before the Committee to testify, which will allow Nunavummiut to view our proceedings," Maine said in a statement.
"Bill 25 proposes to phase in implementation, for a 20-year period, of an Inuktut curriculum from kindergarten to grade 12."
"At the same time, the Act would create the Inuit Language Protection Act as part of the Education Act, and extend the deadline for the implementation of Bilingual Education Strategy for the grade 4-12 standardized language of instruction for the period July 1, 2039."
"A detailed vision and action plan for the Committee's consultation will be made available in the near future," the release stated.
"MSB meets again this fall on Thursday, October 17."
"Comments will be received by 5 p.m. on Friday, October 11."
All presentations of these awards will be made public during discussions in the House during the fall session.
Comments on the following document may be made:
"John Main, MLA"
"Chair, Standing Committee on Legislation"
Nunavut Court of Justice
Table 1200
"Iqaluit, Nunavut"
X0A 0H0
Tel: (867) 975-5000
By fax: (867) 975-5191
Website: submissions@assembly.nu.ca
Inuktitut Roman orthography - Promotion and Development and Appeal
Our contribution today to our children and our future generations
The Roman orthography writing system can be used in all Inuit languages across Canada.
The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has stated that they will not replace the syllabics and the Inuit regions the old Roman orthography and other syllabics will just be used.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has also stated that Inuit traditional writing systems will not be changing.
By Majesty <unk>man
"I was very proud to hear that the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami unanimously agreed to a new Inuktitut spelling system, named after the Inuktitut Roman orthography that was passed earlier this month."
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami means "the unity of Canada's people" and has few examples of strength that our people have long shared with each other to preserve our culture and language.
That is good to me at this time.
"In June 2011, as the President of ITK, we demonstrated our willingness to undertake reforms to our education system."
"We launched a national campaign for Inuinnaqtut in grade 10 that demonstrated our commitment to shared vision for our children to be able to meet their educational needs, to safeguard Inuktitut and culture and language."
Our recommendations included the establishment of a unified Human Rights Act.
All the Inuit of Canada have been working for decades to reach this milestone and reach this new era.
The Inuinnaqtuun Language Preservation Group in every community in the Inuit homeland took the Inuktitut terminology course.
This means that we will have one writing system in all people's dialects that is workable.
This new registration system will be a slow process.
"My view is that the use of syllabics will not replace or diminish community traditional knowledge, as it is designed to involve my constituency's traditional knowledge."
It is our contribution today to our children and to the future generations.
I can now imagine that ordinary Canadians will be better able to communicate and share best practices and curriculum with high quality curriculum issues and that our children will be able to graduate from high school in both languages with the skills to write and write.
"We face a global challenge as individuals.
But we are here today.
In the past we had to look at past experiences to find out today who we are and where we are today.
I believe we're going to have to look back at the future.
The use of Roman orthography in Canada as a public tool helps me to understand that we want to move forward as a united society.
"Eight years ago when we began the process of developing a national program on Inuit education, we were able to carry out the term "Inuktitut" in the context of all Inuit dialects, regardless of their dialectal differences."
To me that is a sign that we can overcome all the issues that are not true about barriers.
"Our language and our identity are expressed, our language is well balanced."
I am hopeful that we will be able to use all of the Inuktitut terminology and the spelling to move forward with our commitment to decentralization.
"Michael Simon served as President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami in 2011 on the launch of the Canadian "Traditional Inuit Education," which included a recommendation to create a standardized writing system for Inuit languages."
France Commissioner apologizes to Quebec Premier
"Many of the laws, policies, practices or institutional processes used are fundamentally different and inconsistent."
"Quebec leader François Lego issued an apology to the First Nations and Inuit of Northern Quebec on October 2, following a press release acknowledging the discriminatory nature of the ongoing work of the public service."
(Advertisement)
"As such, the Quebec Government has not taken the responsibility of the aboriginal peoples," Lego said.
"Mr. Lego apologized - the first of 142 decisions reported - at the National Aboriginal Conference on Wednesday, October 2, just two days after the former Supreme Court Justice Jack B. Bens, the Commission's former Attorney General issued a statement."
"No justification is acceptable," Lego said.
He stated that he would review all of the decisions and find out exactly why there is discrimination.
"Many of the laws, policies, practices or institutional practices used in diversity and inequality are currently inadequate in the provision of essential services to indigenous peoples and the Inuit," Ms. Wines said in her September 30 report.
"The inquiry focused primarily on aboriginal issues dealing with the RCMP, legal systems, corrections, health and social services, and youth protection services."
Lucy Green was an Inuk spokesperson for the Benedict Commission.
"Here, in November 2018, in his consultation."
(Photographer Sara Rogers)
"The Kativik Municipality issued a report stating the importance of the decisions including the recommendations, in improving relationships between aboriginal peoples and the Quebec Government."
"In particular, the Kativik Municipality strongly urged the government to make this decision a videoconference in the context of criminal activity in small communities, as the Kativik Government has done in consultation with the Quebec Government."
"The Kativik Society's entire municipal government is committed to working collaboratively with all levels of government and other regional organizations to implement the Commission's recommendations through its work," said Kativik Community Government Chairperson Jennifer Mearnick in a press release.
The Nunavik Department of Health and Social Services' response to the report also indicated that Members remained concerned that the Commission discussed health and social services issues and youth protection services.
The need for resources and management in the area of health and social services was also raised by Members during the review.
"We will now expect the Quebec Government to make a report on its actions, as well as through partnership arrangements and usage," said Executive Director Minnie Green on October 2 of this report.
Members also appreciated the Commission's assurance that Quebec's Abbott Scientist will be responsible for implementing the 142 decisions.
Makivik President Charlie Ford made a statement during the course of the survey on Nunavik's progress and stated on October 1 that the public had a chance to speak to the survey.
"In many cases, in tears, my fellow Inuit have spoken to the Commission about their actions through health, justice, social services, youth protection, Historical Problems and others in Quebec Government services," Ford said.
"Although he stated that the report would be responded to, "in accordance with the first recommendation - that Quebec apologize to the Inuit and First Nations in a manner that treats Inuit differently in the delivery of services to our citizens - then we feel that we have been heard."
Three law firms have promised Nunavut that the use of diesel fuel will be halted by 2030
"This is a tremendous amount of work"
Students walked four foxes from Iqaluit on September 27 to participate in a call for climate change.
Three lawmaker candidates for federal elections announced plans to end Nunavut's Tesla fuel crisis by 2030.
(Photographer Dustin Patter)
By Dustin Pattaq
"During this federal election, the three legislative branches announced that Nunavut's use of Tesch fuel for electricity would be halted by 2030."
"Right now all 25 communities in Nunavut have diesel generators operated by the Qulliq Energy Corporation, only the power corporations in Canada that don't have a renewable energy source in their community."
Reforming this program would be a huge and costly task.
"This is a huge undertaking," said Martha Lineau, a northern renewable energy expert with the World Wildlife Fund.
"It must be easy, just a little bit."
The Green Party's campaign promise is to "Implement renewable energy sources."
"By 2030, all Canadian energy will be recycled."
This includes outpost camps in northern communities such as Telstra for heat loss."
"The Liberal Party has stated that it will "make a significant step forward in financially reducing the number of people in the communities who depend on Tesch's fossil fuels, but also invest in renewable energy sources - such as hydro, wind and solar power - by 2030."
The New Democratic Party (NDP) said that "to aim at achieving a national level of renewable energy without carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 ... this carbon dioxide emissions reduction in energy consumption reflects community and job creation.
"We would support proposals such as community-owned and co-ordinated clean energy projects to provide jobs for residents and skilled people, as well as work with indigenous and northern communities on the disposal of Cell Oil."
"According to the Environment and Climate Change Canada report released earlier this year, greenhouse gas emissions in Nunavut amount to less than 1 percent."
"In 2017, Nunavut introduced a total of 0.6 megatons (megatones) of carbon dioxide, equivalent to 18,000 vehicles."
"In that same year, Alberta, which is the country's largest emissions producer, unveiled an estimated 84 million vehicles per capita."
"However, Nunavut has seen greenhouse gas emissions have more than doubled from 30% in 2005, with the largest increase in Canada and Alberta almost doubling, which is the second largest increase in this area."
"Even if energy-related changes were made to the three major legislative initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the impact on Canada's greenhouse gas emissions would still be minimal."
The communities will be able to get some equipment.
"Nunavummiut pay the highest electricity rate in any other part of Canada, and funding for energy would go a long way toward reducing that."
"However, taking steps toward renewable energy projects such as this may not be sufficient to cover current costs for energy."
"Last month, the World Wildlife Board issued a report which discussed how renewable energy would be able to provide power to each of the 25 communities in Nunavut."
"They found that with a decrease of 8% - primarily due to the risk of doing business or other possible funding sources - Baker Lake, Coral Harbour, Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet would save money by moving 20% towards renewable energy, including a direct payment over the next 15 years."
The survey also revealed that 16 other communities have a 4% subsidy - roughly what the Qulliq Energy Corporation can borrow - and roughly $2 million in subsidy costs and a 20% subsidy.
"However the report only discusses how feasible these projects may be, by suggesting that moving away from renewable energy would be less costly than the present power rate."
But moving from community to community that would qualify for renewable energy would be a huge undertaking.
"There would have to be consultations, and they would have to start next year in order to reach their energy goals in each community," said Mr. Lineau.
"They would have to go to the communities, work with them on what they want to do, and see what the communities envision in energy, to find out what their priorities are and to see the communities as important for hunting and harvesting."
"This does not include any specific investments in solar panels or wind farms, which will take at least two years to put together, or projects by the Qulliq Energy Corporation to ensure that renewable energy sources are safe for business."
"In every community 100 percent moving from recycling to renewable energy, the three candidates from the three regulators' position, would not only be a lengthy process but a significant amount of money."
"The New Democratic Party (NDP) and the Liberal Democrats haven't announced yet how much money they would contribute to the move," the Green Party said last week.
"In conjunction with the campaign expenditure report, the Green Party said it would provide $150 million over five years for the devolution of all outpost camps and northern communities - not just Nunavut - to eradicate diesel fuel."
It's not right.
"Mr. Leonard explained that if a community like Arctic Bay were to move or at least 60 percent of its power plant, it would have an operating expenditure of approximately $27.8 million."
"Under the same report, for any other community that is 60% renewable energy, they would have to use a higher rate."
"In Iqaluit, it is estimated that it will cost approximately $148 million."
"Although it is clear that it is significantly less than the $250-500 million investment in energy than was originally proposed in the city, this investment will go to one community that the Green Party is proposing."
Mr. Leonie's not expecting the federal government to cover all of these projects, but he also indicated the projects and how they would be dealt with and it would take time."
"In looking at the 2030 deadline, there won't be much room."
"In terms of solar power, I think it would take two to five years."
"In terms of wind power, it looks like it's going to be a five to seven year wind project," says Mr. Leonard when asked how much energy it would take.
"Looking at the deadlines and breaking them down into 25 communities and if they're going to be done in a very simultaneously isolated community and the land isn't always available, Leonard thinks about how it's going to be done.
"I think with those expectations, that's going to change a lot."
"Even if we don't achieve 100 percent, there is a lot of will."
"Please note: this book talks about the federal nominations of the Green Party, the Liberal Party and the New Democrats."
"While this book was prepared, the Conservative Party has not yet announced their candidacy, so it is not included in this report."
Subject:
It should be recognized that the value of early childhood education and childcare workers across Nunavut is invaluable to the employees.
"Lakuluk Williamson Patrick, the Chairperson of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, is seeking additional support from the Government of Nunavut for quality early childhood education and early childhood education based on Inuit language and culture."
By Nunatsiaq News
Correspondence to the Hon. Premier of Nunavut, Joe Savikataaq, Minister of Education, David Joanasie, and Minister Joanasie
I am one of those people who have children who are very sensitive to our language and culture.
"As Chairman of the Board of Directors Footprints Sapaqivik, Inuktitut Language School is the only institution for early childhood education in Iqaluit and the only institution in Iqaluit in Nunavut that provides daycare services for children who are already speaking Inuktitut."
"Footprints closed on August 21 to September 12, 2019 due to a staff shortage and, again, have been operating with a staff shortage for almost a year."
"Very few people apply for jobs at the Trigram Building because they are underpaid (in Iqaluit the highest paid childcare), employees who do not have benefits, housing because they are seen as low-paying women working in the daycare as they see it."
"The daycare is now open again, but the crisis operation has been challenging: we lost a very dedicated staff member who left tired."
"We now have a part-time person in the office, an indeterminate day care coordinator, two day care workers and each parent who works out of the day cares (inclusive criminal records checks and balances), full-time employees, while we are looking for a position, a qualified person."
"This process is rare, but for those of us with children, we believe that our children should be in a safe environment and speak Inuktitut so that the Arviarvik can be open."
It is still dangerous that it may be closed down permanently.
"Nunavut's daycare system currently does not generate any revenue. Daycare workers are expected to deliver one of the most important child-related services to provide quality early childhood education, which is based on Inuit culture and language, despite low cost and lack of support."
The non-profit society relies on a wide range of sources of funding, from year to year, to provide support to parents, volunteers, and to operate and manage the early childhood education program.
"Early childcare workers find it difficult to get enough compensation and benefits, poor training on the job and limited staff housing."
Career and Early Childhood Services staff have now been asked to work following their needs to self-reliance or their families' economic development.
It is a very difficult time for our daycares because of the special requirements for them to have the technical expertise to promote and preserve the Inuit language and culture of our young children; Footprints hire only the fluent Inuktitut speaking person.
We have 100 percent Inuit employment.
However, as a result of high turnover in staff, there is a shortage of staff and there is a lack of competition and benefits for staff leaving.
"Therefore, it does have an impact on the early childhood education and the early childhood education."
Inuit need to be provided with the support they need to ensure that our language and culture is taught to our children.
The Government of Nunavut should consider how to better support the quality of early childhood education programs and ensure that the daycare is based on Inuit language and culture.
"An effective early childhood education and child care workers are paid in competitive public sector benefits, which include housing through employment, vacation, training in the workplace and in the school."
The Truth and Reconciliation Commission's vision is to increase the size of the day care so that it can reach the public and to increase programs to provide for more children.
"Right now we've been looking for a larger, more dedicated daycare space to achieve that vision, so we have raised close to $80,000 for a new space."
The proposed amendments provide that the Government of Nunavut:
"Combine early childhood education and child care employees with GN employees to pay the same level of pay as GN employees, consistent with the Government of Nunavut's expenditures in each of the following eight categories, used by employees in the Nunavut School Operations;"
Included in the operations and maintenance of daycare facilities across Nunavut that are integrated into the education system;
"provide support for early childhood education and childcare workers but not limited to short-term measures which include long-term medical vacation, vacation, bilingual leave, parental leave and housing."
• Establish an institution to support all daycares in Nunavut;
• Work with daycares to immediately address emergencies and challenges. Together, we will work together to develop a long-term plan to change the operations of the daycare.
It should be recognized that the value of early childhood education and childcare workers in Nunavut is invaluable to the employees.
Our daycares need to be fully staffed with full staffing and full staff support.
We have to keep our daycares open.
"Changes to the operations of the daycare system. Nunavut early childhood education and childcare workers will value their work. They will be able to take this significant step forward so that early childhood education and child care systems can be adapted to the best practices in the life of children, including the ability to learn the Inuit language, build a strong foundation of Inuit culture, and thrive for Canadians."
"Truly written,"
Laakuluk Williamson Buddy
"Chair, Footprints Daycare (Iqaluit Inuktut Pairivik Society)"
Do you recognize these people in the picture?
"I know this picture is a bit mild"
"In this case on the back of the picture, it was filmed in Kugluktuk, in Nunavut when English was named Caribbean - May 18, 1930."
The person who wrote this essay found his grandfather's property at the time of his death and would like to know if these people could identify these women.
I found this picture from my grandfather's property when he passed away.
"He was named Dr. James Jamesson, and I knew he was a former nurse with the Canadian Rangers (Royal Canadian Air Force) during World War II, and he is here for the business of Newfoundland and Goose Bay, Labrador."
"I'm not sure when he had this photo or this article on J.H. (in the back of the picture), but I knew that he knew northerners."
"I know this picture was taken a long time ago, but I'm sure there would be some recognition ... and even if they were among those that the picture would be taken."
"Bear in mind,"
Sarah Howard
"North Bay, a former Ontario resident now living in Prince Edward Island."
This wording is written behind the Inuit Women's Day.
Inuit language rights groups even introduced the Montreal conference Inuktitut speaking conference
"It is called the Inuit Cultural Immersion Day. It was meant to be the Inuit Language.
"NTI President Aluki Kotierk, on his right, speaks during a speech entitled, "Inuktitut is a living right" on Thursday October 3, at the Inuit Cultural Immersion Day conference in Montreal.
"With him is Louis Tapardjuk, a member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Authority."
Although there are no interpreters, the interpreters kept speaking in Inuktitut.
(Photographer Lisa Gregor)
By Lisa Grigor, who is not always used by Nunatsiaq News
"In Montreal the hotel boardroom had a lot of noise on Thursday, October 3, when people attended the 21st Inuit Cultural Immigration Symposium to hear the two Inuit leaders talk about why Inuktitut is a Nunavut human right and that right seemed to be rejected."
"NTI President Aluki Kotierk and Louis Tapardjuk, a former Nunavut Government Minister and member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Authority, attended in a timely manner and sang the seats in front of the Inuit."
"The choreographer designed this campaign through Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated's Facebook page, featured in a series of videos that could be linked to English-speaking people, and the attendees were mostly Inuit who learned the language."
"Kiutiq welcomed the participants and started speaking in Inuktitut. Sometimes the Inuktitut-speaking people would say yes to their heads and they would clap."
"For those people who don't speak Inuktitut, the writer was involved, they just sat there and looked."
Some people just walked out.
Some of them are just listening to the phones and working on the translations while they are waiting.
There was no English.
Welcome to an amazing community for many people in Nunavut.
"It's called Inuit culture education so it was like, especially when we were talking about the Inuit language, we wanted to use the Inuit language," Kuutiq said at the beginning.
"Lulus we talked about this before and we know that there won't be interpreters but we felt it was very important in our language when we talk about support and the development of our language."
"The Global Summit, which brings together northern experts from the north and south, recently began with a greater emphasis on Inuktitut speakers and co-hosts, a conference aimed at increasing Inuit needs and working more closely with Inuit and non-Inuit students."
"The Inuktitut seminar, in regards to language of human rights, seems to have been the focus of this."
Mr. Curley's presentation summary discussed a number of statutory requirements for the promotion and protection of the Inuktitut language in Nunavut and here there are more Inuit and speakers of Inuktitut.
"Such legislation as the United Nations (United Nations) constitution guarantees the rights of indigenous peoples (or First Nations) to act on and legal actions taken by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Canadian Inquiry into murder and missing aboriginal women and girls, and the Nunavut Languages Act."
"Kirtiq described many recent deaths of Inuit, partially, here in the language and culture breakwaters, such as Annie Kootoo, who passed away due to tuberculosis in 2017, and 15-year-old Eileen Kooneeloosie, who passed away due to tuberculosis in the same year."
"People want to live a fair and human right.
"Canadian Inuit should not die due to lack of access and services in equal measure with other Canadians," Kuutiq wrote in her statement.
"In terms of the wording in the document, Mr. Tapardjuk talked about an incident that happened recently in Iqaluit where the RCMP went to an elder to say that his adopted son had been vaccinated against the deceased youth centre."
This woman is by herself and does not speak English.
Mr. Tapardjuk stated that the RCMP had to park the vehicle in order to get assistance in order to report the incident.
"There are a number of things that could have been done through this report where an individual has an assistant to make a major change in his life, who did not have an interpreter," Kuutiq told Nunatsiaq News.
"Many Inuit who speak English and Inuktitut are invited to work on the project.
"We are considered to be interpreters at any time, even if we don't know the people."
Sometimes there are privacy issues.
"Therefore, I would say that there has been a violation of human rights."
"Kiutiq stressed that even Inuktitut-speaking Nunavummiut should have access to professional services in their language such as health, justice and education."
Even the information is not readily available.
This and other leadership initiatives continue to call on the federal government to preserve language and livelihood in Nunavut.
Mr. Speaker, Ottawa passed a new aboriginal language legislation in June that criticized NTI and ITK for saying that their decisions have not been taken lightly.
"Kiutiq said to let people know, "We are the ones who have the authority."
Let's speak in Inuktitut when we go to the stores.
Let's speak in Inuktitut when we go to the bank.
Let us speak in Inuktitut when we go to school.
"Once we speak more in Inuktitut and ignore the needs of those who cannot understand, then they will be able to receive a larger share of the needs."
QIA announces compensation package for tourism operators in Inuit communities
Expenditures
"Tourism operators who visit the Qikiqtani communities of Nunavut will now have to pay tourism bills if they wish to access the Inuit land, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at their annual general meeting in Iqaluit October 8 to 10."
"Investment in tourism operators now have to pay if people want to get into their own communities in the Qikiqtani region, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at their annual general meeting in Iqaluit Wednesday, October 9."
The Qikiqtani region has the highest number of cruise ships visiting Nunavut.
"Pond Inlet had 17 passengers onboard this summer, Iqaluit was approached by four."
"The people in the Qikiqtani communities have been quite concerned about this because of the increasing number of tourism activities going on in our territory, especially for the people who carry the ships."
"The Qikiqtani Inuit Association subsequently developed a tourism management fee to assist people in communities that are most impacted by cruise ships," P. J. Akeeagok, QIA President, said in a statement.
Information provided by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association to the Land and Recycling Division indicates that a new system will be installed.
New expenditure areas include:
• Airplane landings: $150
• Helicopters landing in Inuit home: $100
• Commercial Tammaativvik Inuit Communities: $50 a day
• Enterprising visitors with less than six hours in the Inuit homelands: $25.00 a day
"A total of half of the total spending would go to HTOs that are closest to the tourism industry that is available," the press release said.
The other half would go to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
"The number of ships carrying passengers to Nunavut consists of between 150 and 400 passengers," Roseanne D'Arcy, Qikiqtani Inuit Association Director of Lands and Recycling, said at the Qikiqtani Inuit Association Board meeting.
The $25 per day fee would apply to all passengers who carry passengers if they were going to go to an Inuit owned community or IOL (Inuit owned community).
"No matter how many people on board the ships would be on their own, they would be charged per capita," Mr. D'Arcy said to the board.
Carrier said the ships that carry passengers to the islands will have to submit to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association the number of passengers per month or before going boating.
"If a ship carrys 350 passengers, we would charge $25 per day."
"The larger shipping companies would have to pay anywhere from $10,000 to $20,000 to land in the Inuit homeland," Mr. D'Arcy said.
"The communities that have a lot of cruise ships come in during the summer, just like in Pond Inlet, the Hunters and Trappers Organization would get anywhere from $50,000 to $70,000 in fees," he said.
The new expenditure will also benefit the Qikiqtani Inuit Association from the Land Titles Office.
"In this way, tourism operators will be consulted when applying for new fees to access their Inuit communities."
Mr. D'Arcy said that QIA set up a fee based on other organizations' fees for tourism.
"For example, Parks Canada charges $25 per person to go to a national park."
"Hamlets also charge people loading ships and tourism operators to come to their communities," Mr. D'Arcy says.
"The ships carrying Inuit passengers are penalized only if they actually come to our community," he says.
"Joe Ataguttaaluk, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association secretary/general, asked if it would be possible to increase these expenditures in the future."
"Grief said that it would be possible to make changes, but it would have to be discussed and established by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association Board of Directors."
"This is an exciting event.
"We are once again leading the way in which people can benefit from their communities," Mr. Akeeagok said to the council.
"The payments will be made immediately," the Qikiqtani Inuit Association said.
Baffinland's enormous amount of heavy equipment is now a concern for the residents of Pond Inlet.
"Baffinland wonders if we don't find out whether the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government has pre-approved the project?"
"The captain of the ship Bigliffe Barentsz is on board at Premier Heaven, Germany last summer."
"You can see in the deposits two potential construction materials, 33 to 34 metres high, the Baffinland iron ore acquired from Tisco and delivered to the Mary River site this summer."
Two smaller units are also being shipped ahead of time.
"The following application is for the rail expansion, which has not been approved by regulators."
(Photo by Tysoncroft)
Community leaders in Pond Inlet are disappointed with the huge amount of cargo going into the Mary River mine this summer.
"Concern expressed that, with Baffinland's proposed rail project expansion in phase 2 of the Blueprint, which has not yet been accepted by the permitting authorities, Baffinland brought in two large ten-plexes to be constructed in Premohavan, Germany, which is the company's docking facility for Mary River's North Baffin this summer."
"It also brought in two small pieces of material that could potentially be used for construction and a large piece of heavy equipment that could be used for construction, such as roads and ground turbine."
"Baffinland, in November 2018, had indicated to the permitting and enforcement officials at QIA that they would be bringing in, in such a format as public registries to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board."
But the people of Pond Inlet are finally finding out about this.
This ship was arriving at Big Brotherhood to the Baffinland port at Mary River this past August carrying a package of structurally sound building materials to be used for a rail expansion.
When people in Pond Inlet saw the ship that was near their community they first heard about the barge that was going to be shipped, two more ships that were loaded with railway parts just after it arrived and they are expecting more cargo ships in the summer of 2020.
"We only found out about three or four weeks ago.
"We see equipment carrying passengers near Pond Inlet," Joshua Arreak, director of the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Organization told Nunatsiaq News.
"We wondered why and who they were and how they were doing it.
"We were not given any information from the Nunavut Impact Review Board, Qikiqtani Inuit Association or anyone else."
"We didn't expect that," Mr. Arreak said.
"We were not informed either by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
I don't know.
We have a problem with the Inuit organizations.
"They are not keeping us informed," Mr. Okalik.
Nunavut Impact Review Board predicted shipping season
"Neither the Nunavut permit holder nor any federal minister has approved the Baffinland expansion plan, which would result in a 110-kilometre rail link connecting Baffinland to Mary River, reintroducing an additional 12 million tonnes in the year, and driving up to 200 times a year carrying iron."
This project is not subject to final approval by the federal government until the final public hearings that the Nunavut Impact Review Board has scheduled for November 2 in Iqaluit and concludes on November 8 and 9 in Pond Inlet.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board, in a statement that they did not look into this matter with the stakeholders, stated that they would be bringing in a sealift for the rail that was sent on July 25."
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board told the companies that if Phase 2 is not approved, Baffinland would have to deal with the equipment shipment, which could be in the hundreds of millions of dollars, from the mine site."
It also indicated that the shipping season would not have an impact on NIRB's decision on this issue.
"In an email dated October 17, the Nunavut Impact Review Board's executive director, Ryan Perry, confirmed that the Nunavut Impact Review Board has the authority to approve or reject cruise ship activity."
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board could simply say that steps to be taken to investigate and that all property construction projects would have to be moved if the proposal was rejected after the board's review," Barry wrote.
This is an aeroplane photograph of Big Brothers. This past summer the ship was carrying out a preliminary package of materials for the Mary River concrete that will be used for the Baffinland rail expansion.
"One of the buildings, described as a "destructive unit," is 33 metres high, is 23.5 metres high and weighs 1,470 tonnes."
"On the other hand, it's referred to as the "School House," which is 34 metres high."
"So each unit, which is a part of an existing storage and contamination facility, is equivalent to ten floor buildings - perhaps even higher than the buildings in the Eastern Arctic."
However, Mr. Speaker, Baffinland has not been accepted to use this new technology.
"Baffinland will declare these assets only 'under Phase 2' - not "unless Phase 2 of the Request For Proposal is complete," the company wrote in its July 19 report to the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
Equipment Acquisitions for Inuit Ownership
"In joint submissions to the Land Titles Office, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association and Mr. Bavinla wrote that the assets would be located on Inuit owned land, in line with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's commercial lease agreement with the company."
"As for Mr. Arreak and so on, events such as this indicate that Baffinland has already been accepted for the project."
"The people of Pond Inlet are not happy.
I'm wondering if Baffinland is thinking that maybe Baffinland is thinking that when we don't find out whether the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government has pre-approved that project.
"I don't know," he said.
"Rong Chester, a technical consultant from the Pond Inlet Hamlet, was granted permission by the Mayor of Pond Inlet, Joshua Chester, to speak to Nunatsiaq News on behalf of the Hamlet."
"Baffinland has been working on the assumption that they will be accepted in Phase 2," Mr. Tester said in an email.
"If the Nunavut Impact Review Board had the authority to do this, the final impact would be to challenge the Nunavut Impact Review Board through the appropriate authorization and approval of the application."
"That's a concern," Mr. Tester said on behalf of the hamlet.
"Other than that, the Hamlet feels that they shouldn't have done that."
"This is an accounting exercise and it is in the interest of Baffinland to approve Phase 2," he wrote.
"Our main concern is the animals, marine wildlife and their presence."
We would be the most affected in our community.
That is our concern.
"Funding will not recover," Joshua Arreak said on behalf of the Hunters and Trappers Organization, announcing something that has been talked about in Pond Inlet for a number of years regarding the Marine Transportation Strategy.
"For non-governmental organizations such as the Canadian Coast Guard Auxiliary's North, which has expressed an interest in hosting the Baffinland Improvement Plan, they have expressed support for a "responsible development" on the Mary River Project.
"However it also indicated that Baffinland's exports of large quantities of facsimile did not take into account the environmental impacts, nor was it satisfied with Baffinland's decision to move large quantities of metal from Mary River to Southern Arctic Bay, which had been achieved in 2012."
"It's no surprise that the residents are not satisfied with the huge amount of rail freight that is being flown in by Baffinland prior to the legalization of this expansion," said Chris Debiki, vice-president of policy and legal affairs at the Canadian Coast Guard for the North.
Pre-constructed equipment acquired from Tysoncroft
The following materials that are being brought in for the Mary River Project are included in the pre-developed railway materials which were acquired by Baffinland at Tysoncroft Various in Germany.
"Two large buildings, the first of which came in, were designed in Primohavan, which is a third-built, railway loading facility, which was designed in Stein, Poland," the Isakora newspaper said.
"Baffinland also brought in an underwater loader, a concrete trailer and a number of other equipment to be used for road transportation."
"The material listing of Baffinland's submissions to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board included rail links and road links, as well as turbine metal and solid waste."
"Tysoncroft's first shipment was sent to Baffinland, a ship called BigLift Barentsz, which weighed 5,500 tonnes of goods, and departed from Birmingham in early August."
"Two additional cargo ships were loaded with additional supplies this summer, and many more will arrive in the summer of 2020," Mr. Tiscorab said.
"Under a joint agreement with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Baffinland agreed to invest an additional 18 million dollars in a recovery fund for the cleanup of the Mary River mine at the end of the project, the Water Board's report said."
Nunavut's Legal Services Board name a new Acting Languages Commissioner
Colleen Aariak's appointment comes into effect on October 21.
"The Nunavut Court of Justice appointed the Interim Commissioner of Official Languages, Colleen Arreak, when Helen Klengenberg resigned last September from her office."
Colleen Aariak of Iqaluit was appointed as the Interim Commissioner of Nunavut.
"Simeon Mikkungwak, Speaker of the House of Commons, announced the appointment, which comes into effect on Monday, October 21."
Colleen Aariak of Iqaluit is the community's acting Languages Commissioner.
(Photograph of Colleen Arreak)
"Ms. Aariak's work, which includes both the Office of the Languages Commissioner and the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, enables me to carry out these important functions," Mr. Mikkungwak said in a statement.
"Under the Official Languages Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Languages Commissioner is responsible for protecting language rights in the Inuit, French and English languages."
"The Languages Commissioner also performs investigations and investigations, advice and language rights protection."
"Under the Official Languages Act, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is appointed for a term of four years by the Commissioner of Nunavut on the recommendation of the Legislative Assembly."
"The Management and Services Board of the Legislative Assembly may also decide on the appointment of an acting Languages Commissioner when the position is vacant and the Assembly is not sitting, this is information for the appointment of Mr. Arreak."
"The former Languages Commissioner, Helen Klengenberg, resigned from office in September."
"Eva Aariak, Colleen's mother and Nunavut's first leader, was the first Languages Commissioner of Nunavut before she was elected in the 2008 Nunavut Assembly."
"A public invitation was issued to the Nunavut Languages Commissioner, the Attorney General said, and further information is being posted on the website."
The Montreal Women's Centre is announcing plans for an emergency overnight centre
Inuit Women's 15% attends this women's centre
"Marina Blue-Winton, Director of the Women's Shelter (Chez Doris), Women's Shelter and Kathy Wong, City Councillor representing Peter-Maggie on the ground and a spokesman for the Montreal City Council, presented a plan for a 22-bed women's homeless shelter in Montreal on October 16 during a press release on the women's shelter.
(Photo from the City of Montreal)
"The Montreal Downtown area here in Phil-Murray is able to begin the expansion project started by the women's centre, the day homeless shelter for women, which was a land-based switch that was built last year."
"The residents' decision, which is announced on Wednesday, October 16, will allow for the establishment of a new facility in a remote location, which will lead to an emergency night for women."
"The Women's Upgvik, Women's Day Facility at 1430 Smith Road in Montreal, is open every day for a week for women in need."
Many of them are Inuit.
"The women's centre right now is on Samiit Road, not too far from Ottawa and the Caribbean Square, a gathering place for people in town."
"The women's centre is well known to many people, with its 15% attendance rate."
"Determined to open in the winter of 2021, this facility is an emergency night program that was purchased with a grant of $1 million from Montreal by the businessman Andrew Harper through the Jewish Community Foundation in Montreal."
"Thanks to the new facility, we will be able to accommodate 22 beds for women who are homeless," said Marina Blue-Winton, managing director of the Sargent Cross, said in a press release following the event at the women's shelter.
"Currently, women account for 25 percent of the homeless population in Montreal, but the benefits for women are inadequate."
This is a pilot project."
"This is good news that the Utaqqivik expansion was announced less than a week after the person at the Utaqqivik Centre, Clara Okatsiakjuak, a former resident of Nunatsiaq, passed away on October 11 at the hospital."
Mr. Bowler-Winton told Nunatsiaq News that when Mr. Okatsiak's daughter committed suicide while incarcerated she had a chronic illness.
"Most of the people that go to the centres get into the city because of lack of housing and legal problems," Mr. Berlow-Winton said.
"Many people go to the women's shelter during the day and there's a six-bed shelter here for a few hours and then sleep at night."
This change will result in a new night's sleep.
"Right now, the women's centre, which is about 100 women a day, provides services and programs to women that are in need of homelessness, food insecurity, mental health and substance abuse."
Mr. Bowler-Winton said that the number of Inuit women coming here has not changed significantly since 2018.
"However, we have relied on women who are in need of specialized services such as clothing and dermatology," he says.
"This is the only women's day home in Montreal, the Serge Doris Women's Shelter is open seven days a week from 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m."
"Due to the fact that they were able to run the income support program, the women's shelter was on leave without a weekend service for six months in 2014 due to lack of funding."
"We're hoping that we can get some funding from Makivik, but we don't know if we're going to get it at this time," said Blue-Winton.
"The Women's Shelter also runs the Social Advocacy Office - however the Women's Shelter fundraises to do this work, which accounts for nearly 70 percent of its operations from $1.7 million a year."
"Kathy Wong, a city councillor representing Peter-Maggie's community and speaker of the Montreal City Council, said during the announcement that a new night approach and more women should be offering "services offered to people who want to be healthy and safe."
No use of Nunavut Liberals
"In terms of serious questions, the Liberals weren't fully prepared."
Mamilaaq Qaqqaq's win on October 21 marks a significant turning point in refusing to endorse the Liberal Policy for Nunavut and the North.
Do you remember the Liberal report?
They report on a series of things.
There are more things that we can remember.
"That doesn't matter, because the majority of Nunavut voters tabled the report on October 21, which they didn't."
"Effective 2015, Justin Trudeau and other Liberal Democrats in Nunavut have published many reports."
Some of the new information came up.
"In the end, the people of Nunavut were just saying "nine."
"In the end, it was much stronger for this political party, since 1961, that the Canadian people have turned to the party for change: New Democratic Party."
"This unnamed Mamilaaq Qaqqaq's win is a sign of rejection of Trudeau's actions in the north and north of Canada, which includes the rejection of the ongoing Inuit-Federation partnership."
"Since 2015, Trudeau has been working with co-management partners such as Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, Qikiqtani Inuit Association and others."
However, this week's election campaign demonstrates to Nunavummiut that the Inuit-Federal relationship is not working well.
"It's a little disturbing, because in the end, in Nunavut, the Liberal Democrats didn't have the answers."
"It's no secret to the majority of people in Nunavut that some of the biggest concerns are economic and social issues: the lack of housing, food insecurity, the high cost of food in stores, the high cost of transportation, the high rate of tuberculosis and suicide, which is on a daily basis."
"However, in the last trip to Nunavut on October 8, Trudeau did not have much interest in these issues."
He spoke about South Baffin and discussed climate change and climate change.
"These are national issues, but at this time of the election, Nunavummiut want to hear their concerns about housing and the high cost of living."
"Instead it was Sylvia Grinnell River where the ground is for photographs, not for Nunavut voters, but for southern Canadians."
"In doing so, he did not respond to the great interests of Nunavummiut and to the efforts of the Nunavut Liberal candidate Megan Pizzo-Lyall, who would have benefited from greater support from the Liberal Party."
"In terms of food prices and poor nutrition, the Liberals took action, developed a higher subsidy for Nutrition North Canada Program, and provided additional funding of $12.5 million a year for aboriginal hunters in Nunavut and other parts of the north."
But the hunter support program has to come out and no one can say why that is.
"On August 1st as well, Toronto was very active in the area of Iqaluit and Arctic Bay, signing an agreement on the establishment of the Lancaster Sound Marine Conservation Area and committing to initiating a new conservation area called Toronto Bay."
"This provides a significant amount of funding to communities in North Baffin, such as small craft harbours and conservation areas."
He talked a lot about protecting the aboriginal rights of aboriginal people.
"The inadequacy of such an approach is such that: constantly tearing up TB in an overcrowded house, this "union" doesn't make any sense."
"Keeping that in mind, do you remember the Liberal Government's big message about TB?"
"This was done in early 2018, when Jane Weber, the former Health Minister at the time, announced that the tuberculosis will be eliminated in the Inuit homeland by 2030."
But Mr. Weber, the Federal Minister said that he would be dealing with this issue now that it is gone.
"In response to Trudeau's actions by Jody Wyson Rebels and in conflict of interest with the SNC-Lavalin, Mr. Weber resigned from the conference."
"Since then, the Liberals have not heard about TB prevention."
"It is likely that the recent harvester support program, which is stuck in the traditional Inuit-Federal relationship, leads to significant discussions about tuberculosis prevention.
"Public awareness of TB is linked to poverty, poor nutrition and housing."
"But on the housing front, Trudeau advertised an existing temperature and an additional comment last summer."
"And the Government of Canada's National Social Housing Program, "Structured" by ITK, has been an unpredictable undertaking."
We would also like to congratulate Mamilaaq Qaqqaq for winning.
"As a Member of the Fourth Legislative Assembly, a Member of the Legislative Assembly will need to be supported in order to be heard."
Let the people of Nunavut just give him a little bit of time and support.
"Qaqqaq won two championships, Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Pizzo-Lyall."
I hope these two continue to ignore the losses they have caused to Nunavummiut and to the north.
Members asked the Minister about the $80 million increase in the Weber Abbott Road Project
"Looking at my colleagues here, we're more than willing to make a decision on the $80 million."
"Joelie Kownirk, MLA for Amittuq, was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut asking the government for a $80 million dollar increase in the Iqaluit-Nuuk area for the Weber Abuse Program."
Some Nunavut lawyers are now asking for unspecified assistance to expand the Nuuk-Iqaluit Weber Apartment Project.
"Last August, the federal government committed $151 million towards this project, which is directed toward a 1,700-kilometre Viper Abbett Nuuk, Greenland-based all-weather route from Baffin Bay to Iqaluit."
From there, it will be shipped to Kimmirut.
"The Government of Nunavut will design and initiate the project, which should be completed by 2023."
"Last year, the Legislative Assembly approved this project, which cost $126 million."
"Over the course of the year, we were informed that the project's value was increased to reflect the increased costs and that it is now estimated at $209 million," John Main, MLA for Arviat North-Whale Cove, said in a member's statement Wednesday, October 23.
"This $80 million difference," Maine said.
"Looking at my colleagues we can make good decisions for the $80 million," Maine said.
The federal contribution comes from small and northern communities for infrastructure in the Investing in Canada Plan.
The project is now before the Standing Committee on Legislation for review of proposed capital estimates for 2020/21.
"Later in question period, Joelie Kaynik, MLA for Amittuq asked Quassa Kusugak, Minister of Community and Government Services, if this $80 million increase is something that the government plans to do."
"This process, as outlined in the GN's Budget Planning Process, "regards whether the program has a clear definition, and access to information on development, appropriate cost details and time frames, prior to beginning the budget process."
"Was it a preplanning study, or not?"
The question is directed to Mr. Kusugak.
"Planning is completed and cost estimates are still underway.
"When we were informed, we found out that it was going to cost a lot more," Ms. Kusugak says.
"Mayne, sitting next to me is the Chairman of the House, rises to ask more questions in Kusugak."
"Can the minister indicate how this significant project has resulted in cost increases over the past year?"
"Ms. Kusugak reiterated that after this appropriation was approved last year, the department re-looked at the project and that the cost had increased substantially."
"Ms. Kusugak reiterated that, in May 2019 the department felt that the funding request would have to grow to $201.6 million "with the largest amount of federal contribution to make available to the program if required."
"Tomorrow, October 24, Maine rose again during Question Period to follow up with Finance Minister George Hickes on the same issue."
"Under the Financial Management Board, what process was followed and what action was taken to inform the department of the $80 million cost escalation in this area?"
Maine asked.
"Mr. Hickes noted that with the federal contribution to the expansion project, as well as the very positive contribution from the Marine Mammal Research Institute, the Government of Nunavut has also increased its support."
"The Department of Community and Government Services re-submitted it to the Financial Management Board as a result of the findings that the expenditure base was insufficient."
Mr. Hickes also mentioned that half of the Government of Nunavut's 25 percent contribution to this program is the federal government's 75 percent contribution."
"As the Government of Nunavut, we don't have to spend $80 million, and we have to pay 25 percent of that."
"What we're going to do is look at, in the next few years, what additional support will be required to complete this project," he said.
"Nunavik has to have its own federal lawyer," says Makivik.
Charlie Ford during the federal election talks about the need for change
"Charlie Ford, President of Makivik Corporation, issued a news release on October 22 following the federal election, indicating that Nunavik needed its own federal lawyer."
By Elaine Andrews
"The Makivik President Charlie Ford did not condemn his statement to the Nunavik Law Foundation when he announced his appointment to the new Assembly, Shervie Brobe."
"We will seek the advice of the Electoral Boundaries Commission to reinforce this message, in other words, that Nunavik will have its own political party that reflects our territory, which is what it wants right now given the ability to do so," he says.
"We need this provincial model."
"Abbey-James Bay-Nunavik-Yeo is the largest federal political program in Quebec, ran from Nunavik South to La Valley-Ore to the mainland communities, of which four of the six 2019 federal candidates are residents, including Barbie to Black Cooper."
Nunavik leaders have chosen to form their own government in their home community since 1972.
"In 2002, the Kativik Board of Directors, including the Government of Nunavut, travelled to Makivik, the federal electoral district commission for this purpose and again in 2011."
"Since division it increased in 2013, by adding two more communities to the south."
"The districts were re-designed, under the commission, so as to achieve a representative level."
"In the whole of Quebec, it's 100,000 people in the region. The snow-blower-James-Nunavik-Yeo is less than 85,000 people."
"While Nunavik has a population of about 13,000, Nunavik has been primarily below that, but its leaders have a direct response to the situation here in Nunavik."
"The smallest jurisdiction in Canada is Labrador, which has a population of about 26,000, while the province of Newfoundland has around 80,000."
"Perubi won the Northern Quebec by over 11,000, or 40%, respectively, behind the Liberal and Conservative candidates."
"Mr. Ward celebrated with the Green Party candidate Keira Kabana-Widley, an Inuk from Kuujjuaq, who placed fifth overall with over 1,000 votes."
"During her speech in Fort Worth, she invited Brube to visit Nunavik as soon as possible."
"I look forward to meeting with him, and supporting him in our own endeavours, and issues such as the enforcement of the Jonathan Act on the Rights of Indigenous People," Ford said.
"There was a significant announcement by Black Quebecois President Eves-Francois Blanchard, whose separation team won 32 seats for Quebec."
"We look forward to supporting us in our efforts to develop our work in Nunavik - both legal and economic - and legal to establish a fair working relationship," said Ford.
"However, with Quebec's desire for independence, Inuit have long supported a national unity."
"Mr. Ward set up the election, although the Liberals do not have seats in the new government, to provide opportunities for the different parties to come together and meet nationally."
"Justin Trudeau has a strong government that does not have a seat at the table, and he can work with other parties (governments) - Ontario, Black Quebecois, Green, Conservative and Independent candidates - to pass legislation and bring it before the House, and to build a team," he says.
"For the people of Nunavut who elected him to be Ontario's next MLA, Mamilaaq Qaqqaq from Baker Lake, he made some predictable statements."
"I remember when NTI met in Baker Lake in 1871 with Tagak Curley," Ford said.
"We were young at that time.
"They will do a good job, again, and I look forward to seeing you and working with you in such areas as Inuit self-reliance at the same time, for future generations."
"Reinstatement of the RSV in Nunavut," thousands of comments
"For Inuit, you save money on respiratory illnesses"
This air ambulance service in Nunavut is stopped at the Iqaluit airport during the summer air ambulance services.
"In some years, when a child suffers from tuberculosis (RSV, respiratory virus), they have to be transported and that's the use of airplane and hospital spending."
"Dr. Anna Panuji and her peers at the Toronto University School of Health collaborated in 1989 on the first time she introduced this program under Change.org at the end of September, and thousands of people signed it."
"However, when this report was first drafted, it collected 23,322 signatures - and now wants to reach 25,000 signatures."
The disclosure statement stated that the Government of Nunavut would provide protection for the highest number of deaths and reductions in infant mortality rates by implementing a palivizumab for all infants under six months old.
"Palivizumab is an anti-viral, not anti-vaccine, and it is a marketing campaign called Synagogue."
"It has been proven that infant mortality from RSV, a short summary of "respiratory synthesis," which leads to lower lung inflammation, and leads to diseases of alarm that are called bronchiolitis."
"However, Dr. Michael Patterson, the Chief Medical Officer of Nunavut, told the Nunatsiaq News in an interview that the Government of Nunavut provides palivizumab from 11 percent to 12 percent for children under the age of 2."
"We use them more for infants who may be at risk of developing RSV, and for those who support the world's donations of palivizumab," he says.
"These include infants born with less than 35 weeks of pregnancy, or infants with chronic lung disease or heart disease."
"Panner, a professor of child welfare at the Toronto University School of Medicine, has been writing curriculum for 15 years about the ongoing presence and cost of RSV in the north."
"On the diagnostic side, this individual is very dissatisfied with the current Nunavut policy and says that all Nunavut children need this preventative medicine."
"Dr. Anna Panuji, one of the senior educators in child care at the Toronto University School of Medicine, said research into Inuit infants by vaccinating a vaccine called palivizumab would greatly benefit your life and the economy."
The cost of living in Nunavut is significant.
He indicated that his analysis of the RSV disease would provide and multiply and lead to the development of a series of airlift and hospital services for Nunavut health professionals.
"The preventative side of medicine is very expensive. It's approximately $5,600 per antibiotics."
"However, even with this price tag, Panoji and many others believe this price tag has been reduced."
"That's because in Nunavut we have a disease that is easily diseased and we have the best medivac, the best answer."
"We have done a lot of feasibility studies that have demonstrated in the north that if we give more people in palivizumab, that there would be savings," he said in an interview.
"The cost-benefit analysis, published in 2013, identified a significant number of lung cancers in Kitikmeot infants: set at 389 of 1,000."
"The study, which was conducted from January 1, 2009 to June 30, 2010, found that the cost of medical travel for this illness ranged from $57,535."
"In the Qikiqtani region, lung cancer infants were diagnosed in 2002 of 1,000 newborns and in the Kivalliq, 230 of them were 1,000 newborns."
This means that the Government of Nunavut has spent $5.9 million dollars on palliative and palliative care in the Qikiqtani region and approximately $5.7 million dollars in the Kivalliq for palliative care and that was the result of that study.
"However, as it stands now, Kivalliq was the top for lung cancer treatment: $63,686."
"For people, it's a lot more economical, because of lung cancer," he says.
The Chief Medical Officer of Ontario supports the petition
"Inuit infants are ten times more likely to be treated at the hospital for tuberculosis than the "risky" infants and the disease is even more severe.
"Although this is a major problem, Inuit infants do not get a Nunavut disease," Gandy wrote in her submission.
"This is a situation where professionals are identified at the Northern Schools of Health, Health Canada Association and the Canadian Medical Research Institute for Indigenous Peoples."
But it's okay that infants in Nunavut that graduate from the program do not receive this disease, even if they come from an infant in a community other than Iqaluit and they have a lot more chronic pain than lung cancer.
Mr. Barnabas is indicating that they are doing it incorrectly.
"I've worked very hard.
I have also shown my identifying them to the public.
"Carolyn Bennett, Jane Webster, they have seen what I have written and they have said what I believe in," she says.
Nunavik vaccinates all infants
"She also revealed that, unlike in Nunavut, health care providers in Nunavik have provided palivizumab to all infants over the past three years."
"At the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on October 18, the Minister of Health George Hickes indicated in response to questions from the Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu MLA Pat Angnakak, that the Government of Nunavut take a closer look at the situation in Nunavik."
"We are tracking that particular project," said Hickes.
Ms. Angnakak stated that RSV is a very important part of the family.
"Not too long ago, I know her infant had to be sent to a hospital for RSV and it affected the family, especially this young child."
However, Mr. Hickes defended the Government of Nunavut's current practices and said that the government was not only investing in Inuit but providing this service.
"This is not a legal or policy decision on the price.
"It depends on the quality of health care," Mr. Hickes says.
Mr. Patterson reiterated that Nunavik's program was a three-year program that started with infants under the age of six.
"We're still waiting for the numbers on that, and if we find out properly that there are savings by providing palivizumab, then we will quickly implement that," Patterson said.
"However, in his view, there is still not enough evidence to prove to be effective in Nunavut."
"There are two things that I don't agree with in the signing and the other one is that the signing ceremony is complete, or there is a scientific evidence to that effect."
"There are a lot of people who still have questions," he said.
The practice of palivizumab in Nunavut has come a long way.
"In 2008, the Government of Nunavut refused to participate or participate in Panniqtuuq research on RSV, or professionals from Greenland, Nunavik and the Northwest Territories."
A small building arriving in Kuujjuaq
Nunavik Construction Company (Nunavik) is offering small construction programs
"The small building is on display, from Nunavik Construction Company, to Churchill this past summer."
(Photograph of Nunavik Construction Corporation)
The first group of small materials to be constructed in Nunavik arrived in Kuujjuaq this summer.
"I wanted to show you how beautiful we have been building in the north," says Willie Gatborough, founder of Nunavik Construction, Homes Repair and Engineering Offices in Kuujjuaq and Naplesville, Quebec.
"Ten years ago, Gatborough, Churchill, a plumber, oil burner mechanic and a construction engineer had a conflict with housing expert Claude Jennell."
"We started talking about affordable housing in the north," Mr. Godford says.
"Housing in the north is too expensive.
It started from there."
Out of that, they have developed designs for small units that reflect northern climates.
Buildings with steel frames and roofs with strong winds can be avoided and can be used for longer periods.
"Developed insulation is made of insulated panels, roofs and roofs and three-blade windows to keep the heat warm."
"They have basic heating systems, it's not like wall-related furnaces, it's compared to the heating systems in the whole building."
"I think that's the only way in the north," Mr. Gabbard said.
"There's a lot of problems with furnaces and usually the heating system only goes partially.
People are saying that their feet are starting to freeze.
Their houses are insulated but they're still walking around."
The design for the Nunavik building is a one-bedroom cabin.
(Photograph from Nunavik Construction Corporation)
"With the creation of boilers and pipes across Nunavut, Mr. Gabbard deals with making sure the buildings are built on a scale, ensuring everything is in order and maintained."
"Nunavik Construction has a variety of conditions for small, four bedroom units, and a spacious location for this."
"They can add more room and they can expand, for example, when they have a bigger child."
"The building is on display in Kuujjuaq with a one-bedroom, size 5 metres to 10 metres to Turkey."
It has a entrance at the end of the building to the kitchen and the living area.
It is just behind the room and behind the washroom.
The power plant is located in a different building over there.
It took approximately two hours for the building to be completed and installed, along with electrical and plumbing.
"This house can be purchased for $228,000, for the garbage and all the interiors," said Mr. Gabbor.
"Nunavik house costs between $500,000 and $600,000," he says.
"We're trying to build affordable housing with adequate space and inadequate water routes," says Mr. Gabbor.
"I've been a plumber, an octane specialist for many years and a lot of the products are fixed, the pipes are not up to par, the furnace is not up to par."
I have built this many years and now we have something that is more suitable for the north."
"Buildings are built in Soperbrook, Quebec, and in the month of construction, Gatborough says, and trucked into the community are delivered on the sealift."
"Once we get the orders and the site is on time for sealift, we'll be in a position to have the building in place by next summer."
"In the future, if this goes well, we are looking at creating jobs in the north," he says.
"However, this requires significant investment."
He went on to say that the facilities across the north would be adequate and they would be more than happy to receive orders from Nunavut or from Greenland.
"We're open and we're just waiting for payment consultants and they're planning to build houses," said Mr. Gabbard.
"The plan is to help people in need."
"In northern Canada, sea ice is at its lowest level right now."
"We may be a month behind schedule for the rest of the year."
"The freeze up is way behind this year," says Gjoa Haven resident Willie Aglukkaq, pictured on October 18.
"It's still a boating trip to the mainland, which is not the case in Gjoa Haven."
I have not seen the ice conditions in my lifetime."
(Photographer Willie Aglukkaq)
By Dustin Patta
"Last October, this was Judah Sarpinak from Igloolik who started seal hunting and he had to go by snowmobile."
"At the same time in the year, he had to go boating."
"In Nunavut and other parts of the north, it's the same thing."
"This is the first time I have seen this freeze in my entire life," says Willie Aglukkaq, who lives in Gjoa Haven for almost 40 years.
That is correct.
"Last October 15 sea ice caps were at 5.118 million kilometres, the lowest level since records began in 1968."
"Depending on the location, we may be in a position for a month late than a year ago," said Jews Laggie, an inspector of land services in Canada.
But this is not the first year that the ice is too low.
In April, there was a lack of ice in the draft form.
The report was drafted in July.
In August, the ice shortage slowed down."
"We were leveled with the lowest (from ice) rates in 2007 and 2016, but still higher than in 2012," said Border Mayer, senior researcher at the National Institute of Technology and Neuroscience.
"Unfortunately we are lower than 2012 levels when that happens because of the slow freeze-up in 2012 and it quickly returned to normal, but the winter is very slow with ice."
"As of October 15, ice thresholds were lower than in 2012, at that time."
(Art from NSIDC)
Europe's ice potential depends on the climate.
"If there's a water that doesn't have ice and the warmer temperatures are colder in the water, then even if the temperature is out there it gets colder and the water gets colder or frozen early," says Lang.
"However, the arctic temperatures in October are very unseasonably hot, warming over the past six months."
"It was a very summer," said Mayer.
"Effective April, monthly temperatures remained the third warmest month in recorded history - this was May and August."
(Photo by UNEP)
This year's event will bring even greater results.
"Through global warming such as innovative vehicles, we have seen a reduction in ice thickness since 1979," said Paschal Patuji, Director of the GRID-Geneva, in a press release issued by the Jonathan Nissan's Department of Environment.
"What is happening this year in the north is a reduction in ice has contributed to global warming over the years."
"According to this news release, "The average temperature has risen to 0.5°C in the last ten years between 1982 and 2017, primarily due to the solar impact that surfaced in 1979."
This is twice as fast as the world usage."
This summer is not unique.
"Even though the season is going on, the season is going backwards."
"The ice is finally freezing," said Aglukkaq.
"Over the past ten days, since October 20, sea ice has increased by approximately 1.5 million kilometres, including water near Gjoa Haven."
"If current freeze-up rates continue, 2019 may be higher than 2012."
Iqaluit welcomes New Fire Chief
"For me this is a joyous event."
Gordon Howard of Iqaluit became the Iqaluit Fire Chief for the past two weeks.
"Since then he has been reading and studying, but he is saying that his new position can do more."
(Photographer Dustin Botha)
"When Gordon Howard attended the City Council's first public meeting on October 22 as the fire chief, he did not expect to be questioned."
"Do you support Montreal Canadiens?"
Asked by the Member Joanasie Akumalik.
"After a while of silence, Mr. Howard responded, "No."
They are here with a great laugh.
"A week later, in an interview with Nunatsiaq News, Mr. Harvard said, "That's when I thought my clients weren't heard."
"Mr. Howard, who grew up in Hamilton, went to Iqaluit via Metro, Ontario, a town near Collingwood in the Georgian Bay."
"Although he is here for the first time, he is also from the north."
"During the past ten years as the Emergency Measures Organization's Health Officer for the Canadian Rangers, near Arviat has camped in the middle of winter."
"It is my understanding that in the snow, it is my understanding that it is cold, but it has also had to be done."
It seems like it's in a different world and that's why I came here.
"And the department is a very active department," says Mr. Hawthorn, referring to the Iqaluit firefighters' collection; some are professional firefighters and some are volunteers.
That was the only thing Mr. Hawthorn did not go to Iqaluit.
In addition to their experience as a firefighter and emergency response - which rarely happens in other areas - this was due to the Iqaluit fire situation.
"The actions of this department are awful," said Howard.
"It's a lot of work here, and the techniques are always in place."
"The activities of the department are carried out in such areas as, and now Hawaii, a new area, such as water disputes and inadequate assistance, to the point of encounter and because the fire hall is so small."
"We can't change this overnight and it seems like nothing changes overnight.
"If we keep moving forward and not going backwards I would be happy," said Mr. Harvard.
"To me, it's an exciting project."
"It's exciting, we're going to try and do what we know we can."
"In response to the first question from the city that he's now the designate director for emergency services, "I'm the Toronto assistant,"" says Howard smiling.
"It's nice to see some people supporting the fire hall in Toronto.
"I brought a flag, so we'll be able to show them by vehicle if they win the Stanley Cup in 20-30 years."
Bedbugs have become a concern for Nunavik patients travelling to Montreal
The operator of the boarding home says that there are investigations going on but they have never found one.
This is just something you wouldn't want to see in the classrooms: bedbugs.
"Recently, bedbugs have been seen at the Quaval Boarding Home when patients from Nunavik have arrived in the city."
The issue of seeing bedbugs from the Nunavik Boarding Homes when they go down to Montreal is of great concern to the patients and their families.
This photograph reveals the bedbugs of Cecilia Tutsaka who saw her last month at the bottom of her mother's bedroom at the Coraldi boarding home in Kurt D'Elise Drawall.
(Photo by Cecilia Tutsaka)
"In mid-October, Cecilia Kostaka was visiting her mother at the Coraldi boarding home here in Kirk Dee Lee's Dorval and she was very scared: she saw the bed below Ellie's throat, and she took that picture."
"Kozaka's seeing bedbugs said to the patient from Nunavik who is monitoring the facility at Ulivvik, which has a number of rooms, 39 accommodations, on the first floor when it's full."
Kutsaka phoned her mother and told her that she would never be there again.
"The hotel's president, Sister Abdul Nair, told Nunatsiaq News last week that he was dealing with the bedbugs seeing."
"This is something that was recently, when there was an investigation, and it was in the cardiac report, they couldn't find it."
"One classification was found in this room as bedbugs, but they are no longer with us."
Mr. Abdel Noir also posted an e-mail that showed people that had been boarded in bedbugs.
"Due to the importance of the Ublivik Boarding Home operation, Abdul Nair said all classrooms were performed this year and are regularly inspected and dealt with if necessary."
The Nunatsiaq News couldn't speak to the Nunavik Community Health Board or the Module du nord-québécois who deals with the Nunavik Hospital going to Montreal such as bedbugs and what they are doing about it.
The MNQ has a copy of the concerns emailed to Mr. Abdel Nirlunga.
"It's almost like people are boarding with bedbugs because they see them and they don't want to stay in a hotel anymore," wrote George Tilatola, President of Ublivik on October 16.
"Please inform me of what it is and how and when the problem will be solved.
We need to inform the patients that bedbugs were treated."
Ublivik will always look after the patients' uniforms or bags before they come in.
There are bedbugs in Montreal: the government offices had to be closed in the Complexe Guy-Favreau last month.
"And if there are bedbugs in patients from the north, that wouldn't be the first case, as it was in 2010 in Winnipeg."
"The bedbugs are very unattractive: they're small, but they make you feel sorry for them, they make you feel good and they make you feel bad after having a skin."
The bedbugs have a pipe where they have a cold blood pressure so that the blood is not thick enough and it can cause severe burns.
"On another pipe, the bedbug drops in blood, sometimes five minutes after melting, exploring the red and it feels like it's spilt."
"Bedbugs eat for five to ten days and can live for a whole year, such as bottom boxes, tiles and other hot, dark and appearance when they want to eat."
"The good news is that the bedbugs don't stay cold, so they end up sleeping and passing away."
Then you can shoot your bags outside for more than two days without any heat.
"Try not to throw beds at you when you're out on the land, check the roof over the head, look at the bottom and keep your bags in the bed."
"And when you go home, wash your clothes before they go into your room and check out your bags."
"If you see a bed in Montreal, you can call 311 cities.
"Pavinlanco meeting suddenly stops, assembly better ended in Pond Inlet"
"People need to be involved in the process.
"It has an impact on all people's lives," said NTI President.
"Representatives from Igloolik and Pond Inlet are listening to the proceedings from Aluki Kuuttiq, NTI President, on the resolution to suspend the Nunavut Impact Review Board's final hearings on Baffinland's phase 2 expansion on Wednesday, November 6 here in Iqaluit."
(Photographer Emma Tander)
By Emma Tander and Elaine Ansome
"The NIRB hearing on Baffinland's proposal to increase the mine at Mary River was suddenly stopped in two days. The next meeting will be held in Pond Inlet."
"Wednesday, November 6, Nunavut Tunngavik President Aluki Kuutsiq filed a resolution immediately calling for the resignation of this last public meeting and that the meeting shall continue for eight months to a year."
The silent speech was a very interesting speech by one of the parties just looking at it; the members were looking to see what Mr. Baffinland was going to do about this incident.
"Baffinland's crew had a good face stop, sometimes they would run the arms and turn the arms around when the river was saying what they wanted."
"We are concerned that this public meeting will be concluded without consultation.
The people need to be consulted and consulted.
"Anyone here would like to understand all the issues and how it would affect NTI and the organizations," Kuutiq said when the chambers are full of speakers and people.
"It affects all people's lives," he says.
"The motion was introduced during the fifth day of the session in Iqaluit, just before the hour."
The Nunavut Impact Review Board's first agenda was to proceed with a public meeting in Pond Inlet on November 8 and 9.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board was generally satisfied with Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated's motion, the meeting was cancelled and the Pond Inlet public meeting was cancelled."
"About a week, Baffinland representatives of interested parties were regularly presenting their plans for the construction of a railway connecting North Baffin from Mary River to the Mary River port."
"This railway and other parts of the port, it would make it easier for the company to produce a larger current 6 million tonnes of coal a year to produce up to 12 million tonnes."
"However it is apparent over the course of the week that Baffinland's request to amend its project permits by removing existing restrictions and by putting in place restricted export restrictions, a 20-gallon highway going back and forth on the 176 sealift year."
"The motion to suspend the meeting was supported by all interested parties, many of whom are concerned with the uncertainty of the program."
"P. J. Akeeagok, President of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, stated in the Nunatsiaq News that he believes in the NIRB process that "the public has an opportunity to ask these important questions" and that "it gives residents an opportunity to voice their concerns on an ongoing basis."
"Mr. Akeeagok also stated that the motion was not expected, but it was in order on the last day of the session."
Baffinland officials are looking at Kutiq's motion to discontinue.
"I think that there are too many questions that have not been resolved yet.
"From my perspective, if you are going to decide your future, then you have to be informed in order to make proper decisions."
There was not enough here."
Representatives from the North Baffin communities unanimously voted in favour of the motion.
"There needs to be more information and research," said Amanda Hanson-Main, researcher from Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Organization.
He noted that the project may have "a significant impact on our values as a people and on the world stage."
"Some participants at the table expressed dissatisfaction with the Mary River Project, and simply wanted to continue Baffin's work in Nunavut, but they had too many questions and concerns about the proposed expansion."
"What we hear is that it is too much water and not enough," said Peter Ivalu, representing the Hamlet of Igloolik.
"All information has to be translated.
Everything has to be transparent."
"The Government of Nunavut also agreed with the motion, on this issue, that there is too much disagreement between the parties involved and the proponent, and this is just a stop."
"The Government of Canada also supported the motion, but stated that the Nunavut Impact Review Board could decide how long the moratorium would take."
"Through the Department of Justice, Baffinland said they were not satisfied with the motion to stop the eight months and were not satisfied that they were not informed of the motion."
"Everything that went into this consultation meeting was supposed to go ahead as of November 2," said Brad Armstrong, a lawyer for Baffinland.
"No one suggested that they were not planning on starting this day.
None of this was intended to deter them from coming forward."
"Megan Lord-Hoyle, the Vice-President of the Recycling Program for Baffinland, said the delay would have an impact on the "urgent problems" program.
"Instead we will do all we can to ensure the preservation and protection of 3,000 Canadians for employment, 476 of whom are Inuit."
We need to know that people will work with us.
"We need to have some room for what the deficiencies are in the program," Lord-Hoole said.
"Although the Qikiqtani Inuit Association has stated that they can't help in Phase 2, Mr. Akeeagok stated that they will keep working on the Inuit Communications Program and the program will not be economical."
"We are not satisfied with Mary River.
We are working with them.
We own the Inuit land.
"We support Inuit employment," he says.
"We have invested significant amounts of money and effort into this project to make money over time.
"So with that in mind, we have to find a balance."
But there is none at this time."
Mr. Akeeagok also noted that the community's uncertainty about the railway impact on our caribou is critical to this project.
"As an Inuk, these issues have a profound impact on our traditional rights."
"This was very evident to the elders when they were here not only thinking about themselves, this is also part of our future."
I am very sensitive to that.
"My decisions are not just for now, but for the future."
Do I leave them with a better foundation than I was?
"That's more of a basis for deciding, no matter how cultured you are," he says.
"In accordance with this recommendation, the Nunavut Impact Review Board allowed all interested parties to submit written submissions by November 15."
"From there, the Nunavut Impact Review Board will give a written submission to the motion and the timeframe."
Nunavut Legislative Assembly agrees to amend the Income Tax Act
"Our government is taking a proactive approach to reinvestment in the Caribbean."
"The Honourable Adam Mitchellan questioned the Minister of Finance George Hickes on Bill 26, An Act to Amend the Income Tax Act, during the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday, November 6."
The Nunavut Legislative Assembly amended the Nunavut Income Tax Act to amend the Carbon Tax Act.
"The changes, which were read for the third time on Wednesday, November 6, included increases to personal expenses of $13,325 to $16,000."
"This means that taxpayers will earn close to $3,000 a year before they have to pay the Nunavut personal income tax."
"Another change is the increase in the cost of living tax liability from $1,200 to $1,500."
"This means that taxpayers who make more than $60,000 in their work will receive an additional $300 in income tax."
As well, Nunavut's corporate income tax rates for small businesses have dropped from 4 percent to 3 percent.
"Our government is taking a proactive approach to reinvestment in the Caribbean," said the Minister of Finance, George Hickes.
"The federal government's position on the Carbon Tax Rebate Program came into effect in Nunavut on July 1, in an effort to make the fuel price more appropriate - it would have increased by 5 cents per litre - the Government of Nunavut introduced a Carbon Tax Rebate Program that would reduce the price of fuel by 50 cents per litre."
"In its deliberations on the issue of income tax reform, Nunavut MLAs agreed that the Caribbean tax revenues should be returned to Nunavummiut."
They couldn't agree on how best to do that.
"Mr. Adam Lysytheon, the Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, expressed concern that, in the event of an increase in personal income tax rates, the Government of Nunavut would have to correspond with the Government of Nunavut on tax rates."
"It is my understanding that the current level of investment by the federal government is significant and that our own economy is only 10 to 15 percent of our total contribution.
"We have to invest heavily in our own economy that we have to operate," said Mr. Lysytheon.
"Why is the government taking advantage of the Carbon Tax Rebate Program to offset the cost of the government's operations?"
"The co-payment process that we're undertaking right now would be a small portion of it would be the Government of Nunavut and the co-op would try to fit into their own coffers," replied Hicks, adding, "I think we wouldn't be too satisfied if we just put the co-payments into other revenue streams and not have the cash flow back to the consumer."
Mr. Lysytheon also stated that the amendment to the Income Tax Act would be the most appropriate in returning Nunavummiut.
"It also indicated that the Carbon Tax Credit would provide the Government of Nunavut with the benefit of reducing Nunavut's coffee consumption."
"I am very concerned about climate change and it needs to be worked on now and into the future.
"Having said that, I have tabled some suggestions for this government on how to develop or come up with ways to reduce energy consumption in Nunavut," says Mr. Lysytheon.
"Why is it that these ideas have not been considered and proposed for use in the Carbon Tax Rebate Program?"
Mr. Hickes responded by saying that each department - responsible for specific tasks - is listening.
"Some departments have undertaken a number of initiatives, including the Qulliq Energy Corporation, which has the mandate to develop energy efficient LED street lights for all of Nunavut and which was approved at the meeting earlier."
"In 2019/20, the Government of Nunavut is projecting to raise $12 million in coffee tax expenditures."
It would be broken down as follows:
• 2 million dollars for the government's higher heating costs for public housing and government housing such as schools and health centres.
• 3.6 million dollars for the new Nunavut Carbon Rebate Program.
• 6.2 million dollars back to Nunavummiut and Nunavut businesses this year through amendments to the Income Tax Act.
However, with respect to Mr. Lyschnewstein's comments about the statistics, he stated that it was inadequate.
"Given the 50% reimbursement from the tank farm and the 50% repayment from the Carbon Tax, why is there such a small room for energy conservation measures?"
"Mr. Hickes responded that the federal government's position on the Caribbean tax increase each year over the next five years, and that while the 50 percent deduction on refined petroleum products will continue, this year's increase in the tax would generate additional revenue for other projects."
The bill received second reading on November 6 and received third reading that evening.
"Despite that, Mr. Lysytheon, the day before yesterday's birth of my new son, told the House that he had been sleeping for three hours and had left."
"Shortly after the e-mail to Nunatsiaq News, Mr. Lightstone said he was not satisfied that he was going to vote on the Act."
"I don't agree with the circumstances of Bill 26, I don't think it's a straightforward fiscal policy," wrote Lighthizer, who was going to say in the House.
"The purpose of the Carbon Tax is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to address climate change.
"If this Act includes utility tax credits for individuals or businesses that are willing to make a contribution, or if the Government of Nunavut put in place measures to assist people to purchase and set up energy efficiency measures then I would have been more than happy to approve the Act."
Although Mr. Lysytheon is not satisfied with the passage of this bill.
Mr. Hickes expressed his willingness to hear ideas on how to use the Caribbean tax revenues to offset Nunavut's reduction in the Caribbean.
"I strongly recommend that a public letter be sent to all Members of the Legislative Assembly or to the government which considers appropriate actions in this area."
"The number of people visiting Nunavut was over 34,000 in 2018 and 2015."
The Government of Nunavut tables annual tourism reports for 2018/19
Image copyright Owen Ocean/One Ocean Image caption Research into the Juvenile Degs island is located on the west coast of Ungava River
(Photos from Emma Toronto)
"From April to September 2018, over 51,000 people visited Nunavut from outside of Nunavut."
"This is the premise of the Nunavut Tourism Annual Report for 2018/19 of the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which was tabled in the Legislative Assembly earlier this month."
"The same people who came here spent a total of $271,383,000 on travel and transportation expenses."
The report does not indicate how much was spent other than travel.
"On average, there were approximately 16,750 visitors who did not live in Nunavut from May to October 2015, with the following year's numbers visiting Nunavut."
"Baffin and Kivalliq regions have the highest number of visitors from July to September, 2018."
"Baffin Island was visited by 95,600, of which just over a quarter (53.2 percent) came to Iqaluit with a budget of $75.1 million."
Pond Inlet and Pangnirtung are accompanied and placed third in the communities visited here in the Baffin.
"In the Kivalliq region, Rankin Inlet received 33,600 visitors and over $68 million, shortly after Baker Lake and Arviat."
Cambridge Bay received the Kitikmeot Regional Visit.
They are survived by Owen Owen through the Boat Study from Jordan to Kimmirut in August 2019.
"In 2018, 3,404 cruise ships visited Nunavut within two and a half years."
"The cruise ship operators spent $388,351 on community service," the report also states.
However, weather and ice conditions affected more than half of all cruise ships travelling to Nunavut.
"The Department received a standing offer of eight passengers coordinating 23 journeys from Nunavut from July to September, 2018."
"These ships brought 3,404 people together."
"Just over half, or 59% of cargo or passengers landed in Pond Inlet from Nunavut."
"Iqaluit is the second group of cruise ships with 8.3%, followed by Qikiqtarjuaq, which is 6.1% visited and Grise Fiord with 5.9%."
"The cruise ships visiting Pond Inlet did not just spend a total of $245,565, but the visitors most experienced 100 hours of the 189.5 hours of cruise ship visits in Nunavut, as reported."
"Cambridge Bay, Gjoa Haven, Kimmirut and Kugluktuk were not visited by sealift in 2018."
"In terms of reports, both Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven were expecting seven visits, but both were cancelled due to weather."
"A report from Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven that influenced the cancellation of cruise ship visits resulted in a total loss of approximately $25,000."
"The information contained in the report came from visitors who were on the exit survey in 2018, which involved cruise ship operators and other visitors to Nunavut last year."
"In 2018, the GN responded to community concerns from Pond Inlet and Clyde River about cruise ship traffic."
"In its report, the Government of Nunavut consulted with the Coalition of the Arctic Research Vessel Administrators and all shipping companies operating in a restricted area."
"It also stated that as tourism is an independent industry, it requires government support for development."
"In Nunavut, this means training and employment for Nunavummiut in the tourism sector."
"There is always a lack of experience and training in various tourism sectors.
"In the absence of trained workforce, tourism has not been fully realized."
"Access has been known as a tourism industry in Nunavut," the report said.
"The Certificate, Nunavut Government Shipping Skills Program, trains 12 people per year to work with people carrying ships to participate in the research," the report says.
"In terms of reporting, all Government of Nunavut tourism inspectors are Inuit."
"In the past, tourism data is rarely available, which confuses the economic size and potential of Nunavut's economy," the report said.
"The department has supported 115 projects related to tourism in 2018, totalling $1,272,822."
The projects include:
"Nunatta Sunakkutaangit Museum, Voice of Nunavut Advertisement: $50,100"
"• Bay Gas Tour: $48,383"
"To the Hamlet of Igloolik, Initiative for Igloolik Arts: $81,785"
"Artcirq", legendary release: $99,872
"Nunavut Development Corporation and the Winnipeg Art Gallery for a new store: $225,000 over three years"
"Baffin: If it's because of the economic potential, please raise it."
Members are particularly interested in Baffinland's share of this revenue disclosure statement.
Participants who are sitting in Iqaluit at Kat Hall for the fourth day of the Nunavut Impact Review Board public hearings on the proposed Baffinland iron ore project, Highway Expansion application from Baffinland.
"Nunavut's process for enforcing regulatory processes for industry development, which began in 1993 with the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, has not been underway but has resulted in significant, diverse environmental and socio-economic impact assessments of the Mary River Iron Mine over the past decade."
"This was demonstrated in Iqaluit earlier this month, when the Nunavut Impact Review Board held its final public meeting on the $900 million railway expansion proposal from the Baffinland Iron Mine Corporation during a recent recession due to confusion and misunderstanding."
The last seven days of meetings scheduled for Pond Inlet were cancelled.
"At the same time, Baffinland's billions of dollars, a multi-billion dollar mine is at risk."
"In drafting this, the Nunavut Impact Review Board had yet to make a decision on the recommendation of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated that, if approved, it would delay the eight to 12 months."
"And the Baffinland Industry Corporation, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, said that they couldn't provide immediate assistance or permission to expand the railway."
"However the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's Business Development Centre, Qikiqtaaluk Corporation has expressed their full support for it."
Arctic Co-operatives Ltd.
This is a very complex issue.
"On behalf of Baffinland, the Vice-President of Recycling, Megan Lord-Hoyle, on this issue said that the company was only concerned about the project's viability, saying, "We will do our very best to stand up and protect Canadians with 3,000 jobs, 476 people."
"Last week, Mr. Bavinlanco told the Nunatsiaq News that there were 490 southern contractors and 96 contractors hired by Inuit workers."
That's why we're getting to the bottom of the unanswered question on the project: Mary River.
"Baffinland has indicated that it is unclear what the mine's profitability would be unless the regulator would authorize the construction of a 110-kilometre rail line connecting Mary River to Cape Dorset and that its production would go up to 12 million tonnes per year, which could result in 176 trips through the Eclipse Sound."
"The problem is, they didn't make a public statement to help with that."
"As well, in the past, most professionals stopped asking questions about it."
"A year ago, without a deal this did not stop the stakeholders from believing."
"For example, in the summer and fall of 2018, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association stood by the Baffinland Inuit Association, protecting them from the Nunavut Impact Review Board."
"On August 31 of that year, the Nunavut Impact Review Board decided that the federal government wouldn't approve ahead of time and that they would like to start producing 4.2 million tonnes of iron ore up to 6 million tonnes."
"As a matter of fact, Mr. Speaker, Baffinland and his colleague, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, did a tremendous job."
"In the last few weeks, they have been writing letters to senior decision-makers from across the country, Dominic Leblanc, at the time that he was the Federal-Territorial Minister, calling on the Board to reverse its decision..."
Why?
Money.
"The Inuit organization expressed shock at the qualification of the Mary River Project, the need to provide substantial amounts of funding and benefits, worth more than $20 million to this project under the new IIBA."
In Ottawa they said yes.
"Focusing primarily on the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's concerns about the viability of the mine, the federal government formally approved Baffinland's proposal last year."
"We are also concerned about the long-term viability of the Mary River mine and the knowledge that QIA's concerns about the economic development project will depend on the signing of the proposal," wrote Mr. Leblanc on September 30, 2018 by the Federal-Provincial-Territorial Minister Carolyn Bennett.
"In other words, the most important Member of the public - the Federal Government - has agreed that economic prosperity is very important and important to this area."
And they did that even though there was no financial transparency in there.
This is a big problem.
"Of course if it's true that the program is not profitable, the Member of the Legislative Assembly should be interested in what he says to be true."
"Throughout the Mary River project, Baffinland employees - as required - should present a significant number of benefits to this environmental impact statement."
"However, given the nature of the project's financial survival, the Nunavut Impact Review Board is unlikely to publicly release a public statement."
"For example, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has recommended a lengthy financial statement obtained by the Canadian Coast Guard in the Arctic "not binding" and that it be formally tabled in the Committee of the Whole.
(A copy of the e-mail continues.)
The Nunavut Impact Review Board made this recommendation after the publication - and then it was struck off the recommendation of Baffinland.
"Under this scenario, Baffinland was willing to provide, at one point, a shorter financial statement indicating why Mary River could generate more revenue through a larger development."
It could be a conflict of interest.
At least Baffinland has corrected that.
"In response, the Nunavut Impact Review Board made a different decision, which makes no sense."
"If the federal government is going to invest in economic development, then this federal benefit board has to do the same thing."
"Certainly, the Nunavut Impact Review Board and other regulators should be pursuing additional coverage."
They need it.
"As well as the Baffinland Implementation Commission, QIA."
"And in light of such concerns as the possibility of further disaster, the federal government should amend the federal legislation governing the Nunavut Impact Review Board process, the Nunavut Planning Commission and the Vital Statistics Act, to clarify how financial information should be handled in the future."
"Although there have been some requests for input, there are still many questions that have not been answered regarding Baffinland's final expansion proposal, related to the railway impact on caribou, the impact of ships on beluga whales, the lack of Inuit employment, and much more."
"Many questions relate to the port facility in Arctic Bay, the rail project proposal, which Baffinland had approved in 2013, and the capacity to produce 18 million tonnes per year.
It is not yet clear why Baffinland has not followed through with this plan.
But the biggest question is how will this program be sustainable.
Child and Family Services is expanding in Nunavik
Several positive developments have led to the Quebec promise.
The children and teachers were here at the Aqavik Early Childhood Education Centre in Hudson Bay in 2016.
"In that year the Quebec Government added additional support to the members of the Early Childhood Education Program, based on family income."
"On November 7, 2019 these subsidies were discontinued, with the childcare subsidy set at $8.25 a day."
(copy of nunavik childcare.ca)
By Elaine Andrews
"The economic restructuring of Quebec brings additional funding for family and child services in Quebec, including Nunavik."
"Quebec's revenues were approximately 2.4 percent for 2018/19, which is 0.6 percent higher than originally thought."
"In this case, Quebec's Finance Minister, Eric Jarrett, announced on November 7 that $857 million of the settlement would be achieved in less than a year's worth of commitment."
Two of these programs have already been inspired by the Children's Advocate and the Children's Advocate.
"The renewal of the Quebec Economic and Monetary Fund demonstrates the success of Northern Quebec in this area," Mr. Jarrett said in a press release.
"The economic growth of Quebec gives us an opportunity to reduce our deficit and to fulfill our government's promise."
"With this program, Québec is repealing the additional support provided to families in child welfare that was adopted by the former Philip Queen Liberal government in 2016."
"Under this program, it makes an additional contribution to child care in addition to making the payment a day's income."
This subsidy was increased to $15 a day for higher income earners.
"Families who make less than $50,000 have not received an increase in the subsidy."
"The November 7 news release indicates that a refund of Quebec childcare fee of $8.25, would be waived to cover all income."
This new expenditure in Nunavik will be used through the Kativik Community Government program in Nunavik childcare.
"In the Quebec press release, this new payment is for this year, and the press release from the Montreal Guard explained that it will start on January 1, 2019."
"Last week, the Parent of Childcare Services Centre of the Municipality, Julie-Ann Pete, was not informed how or when these payments would begin in Nunavik."
Premier François League's government made the first realignment to slowly eliminate the use of additional resources and avoid it in 2022.
Economic efficiency and a recent budget surplus of $4 billion for 2019/20 is a step in the right direction.
"As well as removing payments for childcare, the Quebec Government is moving forward with a child benefit increase that will be implemented in 2021."
"Effective January 2020, the Quebec Government announced that the family will receive an increase of $779 per year."
"This subsidy is based on income, with a minimum amount of $1,000 for a maximum of $2,515 a year."
"The new Act on Child Equality, less the Liberals can avoid paying a lower child benefit than the oldest child."
"Today, we will complete the implementation of various measures to benefit the people of Northern Quebec," Mr. Jarrett said.
"We are actually putting more money back into Northern Quebec in a lot faster time."
Former Nunavut MLA Peter Kattuk dies of chronic illness
"Peter was widely considered for his efforts in service delivery and environmental assistance."
"Sanikiluaq's power plant is built in Nunavut in front of the Nunavut Court of Justice on Wednesday, November 20, tonight, in the minds of a former MLA and Minister Peter Kattuk, who passed away this morning with a long illness."
"Sanikiluaq community justice centre was grounded on Wednesday, November 20 in front of the Nunavut Bar, in the minds of Peter Kattuk from Sanikiluaq, who died this morning after a long illness."
"Mr. Kattuk, 69, a respected MLA, the mayor and community leader from his hometown, joined Nunavut at the beginning of February 15, 1999, when the voters from Hudson Bay voted for this first Nunavut assembly and this was the first meeting held on April 1 of the same year."
"Peter Kattuk joined with former Commissioner of Nunavut Peter Irniq on April 12, 2000, when Mr. Kattuk was sworn in as Nunavut Minister."
"At the beginning of the Assembly, Mr. Kattuk became the Minister of Culture, Language, Elders & Youth on April 12, 2000 and took over Member Donald Havioyak, who resigned from his position."
"On December 17, 2001, Mr. Kattuk assumed the portfolio of the Minister of Community and Government Services, which held the portfolio until 2004."
"AND WHEREAS in 2004, Sanikiluaq voters re-elected Kattuk to the Hudson Bay Riding as their MLA until 2008."
"Peter served in the Hudson Bay Regional Round Table for eight years with two terms and my thoughts are with him," Nunavut Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a statement.
"Born on June 2, 1950, Mr. Kattuk spent many years working in Sanikiluaq on the environment, being a mayor and community leader."
"In the early 1990s, he was a member of the Sanikiluaq Impact Review Board, a group of community members who collected knowledge of the impacts of large-scale hydro-electric water systems that were built near Northern Quebec due to the impact of ice and sea ice on the islands around Sanikiluaq."
This incident was described as "The Hudson Bay Voice: Traditional Knowledge by Inuit and First Nations of the Hudson Bay Area."
"As the mayor of Sanikiluaq, Mr. Kattuk also expressed his frustration with the current status of the Churchill Hydroelectric Project Water Stabilization Application."
"Following that, Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Hudson Bay Neighbours Regional Roundtable, which is called the Nunavut Hudson Bay Neighbours Regional Roundtable."
"These organizations, formed by the Government of Nunavut, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and the Hamlet of Sanikiluaq, are monitoring trends in the Sanikiluaq area with the second hydroelectric project proposal, which has been on hold ever since, including rivers in Eastmain and Rupert Rivers."
"And in 1996, Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Implementation Commission, an organization that was set up in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement."
"Peter Kattuk delivered a presentation to the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on February 19, 2008, at the end of his second term in the constituency of Hudson Bay."
"Koon Tattuinee, President of Arctic Co-operatives Ltd.," recalls Mr. Kattuk's "very good times," which made him the sea urchins of Sanikiluaq food.
"This is Paul Okalik, when he was Nunavut's Premier, appointed Mr. Kattuk as Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth in April 2000, to say that Mr. Kattuk incorporated Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit before this announcement."
"Peter participated in a study on Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit quite some time before that was announced," Okalik said in a press release in April 2000.
"Before he was the Minister of Human Resources in 2001, Mr. Kattuk had to deal with a "major case" from a laughing stock.
This happened with NTCL bringing in gasoline by ship to Nunavut and causing damage to snowmobile engines in the Baffin and Kivalliq regions.
"During his tenure, Mr. Kattuk took on another role: the Government of Nunavut's decision to withdraw NTCL and re-profile petroleum products supplier Woodward's working group from Labrador."
"He ran for re-election in October 2017, but he came in third behind Allan Rumbolt."
"Peter was widely considered for his efforts in career services and environmental initiatives," Mr. Mikkungwak said in a statement.
"The new member for Nunavik states that he intends to apply for housing funding, to implement UNDRIP (UNDRIP) rights of indigenous peoples"
Shelby Brobie plans to visit in the new year and seek an Inuktitut interpreter
Members of the Legislative Assembly Sylvie Barbie won the snow-blower Jayme Bay-Nunavik-Yeah run in the October federal election.
(Photograph from Sylvie Brobie/Facebook)
A new member of the legislative assembly of Nunavik has expressed an interest in learning about Inuit leaders' concerns.
Legislative member Sylvie Barbie won the William-James Bay-Nunavik-Yeah nomination in the fall federal election with 37.7 percent of the vote.
"When Black Quebecois is a member of the Legislative Assembly for the French language community, he stated that he was looking for an Inuktitut interpreter to work with him."
"I want to be clear about the needs of aboriginal communities," he says.
"To date, Mr. Barbie said he has identified two critical issues in Nunavik that he is aware of including health and housing."
"Even though healthcare is a province, it is a federal benefit," says Mr. Brube.
"In order to increase health benefits, the federal government must consider how it allocates funding."
Perubi has been in the health field for over 30 years.
"During the Black Co-op campaign, the province expressed a need for 10,000 public housing units over the next ten years."
"In this case, Mr. Barbie talks about the design of different types of housing."
"If we want this current Liberal Government to move forward, it's up to us to come up with a solution," Ms. Brown said.
"This new member is not a stranger to Nunavik, but he plans to attend the next annual general meeting of Makivik, which will be held in March."
"Following the election of Barbie, Makivik President Charlie Ford has issued a press release in which he welcomed Paroby to Nunavik as soon as possible."
"I look forward to meeting with her, and we welcome her support in our efforts to promote self-reliance and in the implementation of the Jonathan Nason Right to Indigenous People," Ford says.
Talking with Inuit leaders would be a benefit of the role of Makivik in pursuing a business.
"Bercow is a strong supporter of Bill C-262, which would allow the constitutional provision of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples."
"In two different constitutional terms than the person who is replacing him, the Honourable Romeo Saganas."
"When this was introduced in 2018, Act C-262 was suspended by the Conservative Party this spring but the Liberal government representative from the Senate, Senator Peter Harder, said that if re-elected this Liberal Government would have to enact legislation."
"It is important for me to continue working on Bill C-262 in accordance with the Canadian Constitution on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and the work of my predecessor Romeo Caganas," Barbie says.
"I will continue to support this project and I intend to support Rome through future initiatives.
It is unacceptable that Canada has not reached this goal by 2020."
Trudeau Government 2.0: Don't expect too much
"Don't expect too much"
"Jane Webster, who was then the Minister of Aboriginal Affairs on March 23, 2018, along with Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami President Nathan Observed, promised that the federal government would eliminate the area by 2030."
Not a year ago he resigned as a federal politician.
Did you find out during the federal election campaign that one of the leaders didn't say too much about Nunavut issues and the other northerners.
That is not amazing.
"More importantly, it seems to me that the majority of Canadians, for the sake of southern Canadians, do not have enough voters to make their case to a northerner that the majority of Canadians have not heard."
"The Liberal Government made it aware of this, by leaving it behind and establishing a northern and northern policy framework just days before the election."
"During the campaign period, much of the focus was on aboriginal issues, many of which overlap with northern issues, but not much was done."
"As a result of the new reduction in Justin Trudeau's government, and the swearing-in ceremony that took place on November 20, it is hoped that this will continue."
Is this an indicator part of it.
Its focus has been on promises made to the north since the Toronto government took over as president in 2015: eliminating at least 50% (half) cases of TB from the north by 2025 and eliminating it completely before 2030.
"This included an initial contribution of $27.5 million over five years, which will be "developed" by four members of the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami.
"Effectively, this was TB reduction specialist with the Federal Government, Jane Weber, the former First Nations Minister who made that statement."
He resigned from Trudeau's legal team on March 4 to criticize Trudeau's lack of business dealings with Jody Wyson-Rifford.
He did this less than four days before Trudeau came to Iqaluit to apologise for Canada's inadequate treatment of people with TB in the 1950s and 1960s.
"Since then, they have remained silent on the issue of tuberculosis in the north."
"Despite the many campaigns, this issue was not addressed."
"As of now, tuberculosis prevention has stalled."
"For example, in the Northwest Territories, where tuberculosis rates were between 2006 and 2016 and recorded 248.5 people per 100,000, health care providers in only one community have been assessed."
"That was done by Nine, in 2018, when there was tuberculosis and a 14-year-old boy died while he was in the hospital with Jane Johns."
"In Nunavik, 313 people were diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, compared to tuberculosis in the Inuit homeland, 234 were diagnosed with 100,000 cases."
"However there has been no community-wide survey in Nunavik since 2018, when Mr. Weber made this news."
"Indeed in Nunavut there was a recent public inquiry into tuberculosis, when Stephen Harper and Conservative were presidents, just before Trudeau's liberals were elected."
"For Nunavut, there have been 670 cases of tuberculosis since 2006-2016, which is 171.8 out of 100.000 and there has been some work done."
One untouched person is from the Inuvialuit Territory.
"At that time, there were no cases of tuberculosis between 2007 and 2016."
TB is a serious illness.
That's why it's so common.
But it is true.
"If people do not have enough food and housing, TB can develop."
"Also in consideration, the disease in Cape Dorset, in this case the 12-week TB test was completed in May."
In 2016 the unemployment rate was 27.3 percent.
"In 2015, a person over 15 years of age had an average income of just over $18,933."
"Out of the 370 units, 120 units were in great need of repair."
"Under Canada's overcrowding, the 140 units from 370 units were "unaccompanied" by the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation Act.
That means they don't have enough rooms per capita.
There are also a few other people in Canada that don't have housing.
"It is no secret that over the last 20 years, tuberculosis has been a crisis in Nunavut and elsewhere in the north."
It is not unreasonable that tuberculosis can be eradicated in these communities unless significant changes are made to increase the number of units and to improve the quality of care.
"However, during the last campaign, Trudeau's lawyers did not have any public housing available, only to reiterate their 2016 and 2017 operating commitments."
"In this case, they can't be excused for contravening their language.
"This also illustrates what has happened in the Canadian pandemic, where tuberculosis in Inuit homeland is more than 300 times higher than in aboriginal Canadians born in Canada."
"In Nunavut, it may be worse."
Last year's report revealed that one in every 100 children born in Nunavut may have this disease.
"In the absence of significant concern for such emergencies as the disease, what concerns does the Trudeau Liberal Government have regarding other issues such as mental illness, local housing needs, training and more?"
"If you can think, don't expect too much."
"Otherwise, be prepared to put you down."
"Please note: A number of ongoing developments from ITK's 'Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami' tuberculosis prevention strategy, released in November 2018."
Cape Dorset's report was compiled by Statistics Canada in its 2016 census.
The new year will focus on new RCMP and resources in Nunavik.
Police officers and the use of body cameras have been installed.
The Kativik Community Constables will launch a new RCMP and surveillance camera system in early 2020.
(Photographer Elaine Andersome)
"After months of under-staffing, the Kativik Community Constables are able to see the efforts of additional RCMP officers,"
The RCMP Commander Jean-Pierre Larose came to inform the council during the Kativik Municipality meeting on November 26th to date.
This included the graduation of ten new Kativik Community Constables from the Ontario Police College this week.
The hiring process also included former employees of the pension plan who were given the opportunity to speak to the issue of employment at Kativik.
"Due to inadequate staffing, the Kativik Community has had RCMP detachments in Quebec from the RCMP, from S<unk>reté du Québec, acting detachments."
"In September 20 in Quebec there were police officers from Nunavik."
"Quebec's detachment has been slowly declining as the Kativik detachment approaches all communities to recruit police officers, and Larose said in early 2020 that they may no longer use Quebec's detachment."
Cultural awareness campaigns begin
The Inuit Cultural Immersion Day gathering for all communities was also posted on the website on November 18.
"Pilimmaksarniq was developed by the Kativik Community Constable and Laval University and includes information on Nunavik, Inuit culture, and policing trends here in Nunavik."
"This is a three-hour course and it takes place shortly after the completion of the course, which is described as a job competition."
"This program is intended to help the Kativik Community Constables choose their own style of thinking," Larose says.
"The other piece of equipment is a nine-hour stretch and requires full RCMP training," said Larose.
We expect this to be completed by the beginning of the new fiscal year.
Photographs required by the RCMP
Another thing that was added by the RCMP and it was appreciated by the members was the need to have cameras on the workings of the RCMP.
The equipment is being tested and they're using six cameras right now.
"This work was initiated by the interest of Nunavik residents to make the Kativik detachment more visible through their work," Laros said.
"The Kativik Community Constables Program aims to provide Inuit with regular access to and inter-agency support."
The member from Kuujjuaq, Jobie Takkiapik, was hoping that these cameras would help people who have had problems with the RCMP.
"We hear about RCMP inappropriate actions and they don't want to say anything.
"They are armed with the RCMP," Mr. Takiapik said.
"Digital cameras are needed."
"He goes on to say that even if one or two RCMP officers do something wrong, it's a huge impact, and it's a concern for the whole RCMP."
"He thinks that the cameras, they take pictures of what the police are doing, can be used in the near future."
Mr. Larus stated that they would be using these cameras in January.
He added that inadequate and inadequate measures will not only be offered to the RCMP.
"I just recently gotten rid of a RCMP officer last week because of our program in Nunavik," he says.
"We don't want too many RCMP officers in Nunavik."
Nearby Nunavut talks about renewable energy in the Arctic
"Representatives from Greenland, Canada and the United States speak for thought and experience."
"Bruno Pereira, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation presents the Northern Empowerment and Community Summit in Iqaluit, November 22, 2019."
(Photo by the American Consulate General)
Renewable energy experts from the Arctic met in Iqaluit on November 21 and 22 to consider and share their experiences in the north.
"Attendees from Nunavut, the Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, Greenland and Jonathan Steet spoke about the devastating effects of diversity in the communities."
"The gathering, called Optimizing Operations, Intergrating New Technologies and Engaging Stakeholders (Improving operations, incorporating new technologies and engaging stakeholders), was organized by American Presidents in partnership with the Government of Nunavut and the Qulliq Energy Corporation."
"Bruno Pereira, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation, said the gathering was a sign of trouble."
"What we want to do under the renewable energy program in our territory, we want to be very interested in what other people do, and find out what their accomplishments are or what their failures are," Pereira said.
"Mr. Pereira also said that despite the importance of a representative gathering to discuss petroleum products conservation, there are a number of Nunavut activities here in Alaska."
"Some communities have a way of doing things so they are not really in the Inuit communities of Nunavut.
"But they have a hard time like us, where they have room, they can work with the community, so we can see that they have similar disabilities."
"Chris Rose, Director of Renewable Energy Management in Alaska, said the Alaska Hydroelectric Project has contributed to renewable energy development."
"As a result we were able to develop over 80 sites that have enabled us to use renewable energy on top of the gasoline supply in Tesco.
"We think that we know how that helps," Rose says.
"This subsidy, which is designed to promote renewable energy projects, and helps Alaskans reduce energy costs."
"Rose said that in the south of Russia, the five communities are working together on the installation of wind turbines and they're taking advantage of that for energy purposes."
"Now there is a combination of knowledge on how to operate and maintain the wind turbine and help each other in the design," Rose says.
"In Alaska, like in Nunavut, the power bills are very expensive."
Mr. Rose said that the communities that are using wind farms not only for electricity but also for heating.
"What they have done is put small boilers into people's houses which are covered with diamond carpeting.
"When the winds get stronger, they go into the heating system, and they put in a small signal that the boilers and the power plants are detected," Rose says.
"The heat waves are preventable, which can keep warm."
"They can be discharged or burned in a home that is suitable, and they can have alternative heating systems."
"However, in Greenland, the issue of installing windmills has been a difficult one, in News Eric Hargreaves, a technical consultant for recycling at Nuuk."
"Temperature and darkness make it difficult for wind turbines to get north," says Hagovist.
"Mr. Hagovist also indicated that there were two wind turbine systems that were properly installed on the other side of the Atlantic, but they failed."
"We can say that in Greenland we have chosen more programs that can be delivered.
"Even the two wind turbines that were installed in the 200 different locations will be tested and the other 150 on the ground," he says.
"One of the wind gusts fell down. On the other hand, the tank was too thick for cold and caused engine damage," Mr. Hagovis said.
"During the 2019 federal election campaign, three political leaders indicated that the selection of Nunavut Tesco fuel would be terminated by 2030."
"While it may take some time to develop a recycling program that works in the Arctic, Mr. Hagovist said the issue of oil reduction was urgent."
"We have to do something to get away from oil, from climate change, because there is something wrong with it now."
This is for legal services because you have to have a conventional use of fuel but there is no funding available.
"A sound investment," he says.
Mr. Pereira said it was an eye-opening conversation with neighbouring Nunavut communities in the north.
"I think that there has to be a way of thinking about this, in terms of how to start dealing with recycling."
Some people have used the equipment and they have had problems with southern skills but they cannot do the north.
"Once we have the financial capacity to be able to track those deficiencies," Pereira says.
That the Government of Nunavut include Inuit in the development of the Education Act: Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated
"This is an important policy change that affects many Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut."
"Aluki Kotiq, President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, speaks during the Committee of the Whole on Bill 25, an Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act."
"By Aluki Kuutiq President, NTI"
Issue: Minister Joanasie's Letter to Nunatsiaq News on Bill 25
"Minister Joanasie wrote a letter published by Nunatsiaq News on November 25, 2019 indicating the extensive discussions between the Department of Education and Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated on Bill 25, indicating that these discussions were conducted in a spirit of cooperation and offering by NTI an opportunity to articulate their concerns."
From the minister's perspective, he is urging NTI through public meetings and through NTI's public hearings that the Government of Nunavut sees as having a working relationship with previous meetings.
That is not the case.
"Inuit have a right under section 32 of the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to participate in the development of social and cultural policies, and the development of social and cultural programs and services, including the administration of those policies."
It's a different base.
Bill 25 proposes amendments to the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act to establish policies and governance with respect to Inuit language instruction.
This is a fundamental policy change that will have an impact on many individuals, parents, and people in Nunavut.
"In these cases, individuals have rights to participate in the development and restructuring process."
NTI did not have the opportunity to participate in the development of the policy proposals outlined in the proposed Bill 25.
"Not only does it violate the government's obligations set out in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, it is an experience that demonstrates that partnerships are in place to deliver policies that better reflect Inuit goals and objectives."
"NTI has been working with the Government of Nunavut, such as the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Official Languages Act and the Wildlife Act."
"As we know it can go ahead, NTI contacted the Premier and shortly after the election of the government to co-ordinate working relationships and collaboration on Inuit priorities, including education, language and culture."
"The Department of Education did not submit a legislative proposal to NTI on August 31, 2018, in which the department submitted a list of planned community consultations."
NTI was given less than a week to review Bill 25 and prepare and prepare for a Nunavut consultation tour.
This is not working together.
"The department coordinated consultations in the short term, and did not seek to resolve or accommodate concerns raised by the public, NTI and other organizations such as District Education Authorities (DEA) and the Coalition of Nunavut District Education Authorities (CNDEA) were also there."
"I urge the Minister of Education to ensure that the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement clearly defines the role to be carried out under Article 32, and that the department has the responsibility to ensure that it is done in a fair, objective and manner that respects the will of the people."
"NTI's belief that the rewriting of the Education Act to permit Inuit to participate in the work of the proposed constitution must change the department's management, and the overall recognition of Inuit rights.
Aluki Kuutiq
"President, NTI"
