5th Assembly
Draft drafts
Monday, March 19, 2018
Pages 603 - 684
Speaker: The Honourable Joe Enook, M.L.A. Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Hon. Joe Enook
Charlie Audlakiak
Tel 867-975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 3346-7266
Ministers "Statements 603
Members "Statements 606
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery 614
Oral Questions 616
Tabling of Documents 638
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters 639
Report of the Committee of the Whole 681
Third Reading of Bills 682
Assent to Bills 683
Speaker's Statement 683
Orders of the Day 684
Monday, March 19, 2018 603
046 - 5 (1): Nunavut's 2018 Youth Award Winner (Quassa) 603
047 - 5 (1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing Project (Iqaqrialu) 604
048 - 5 (1): Red Seal Certificate Program (Savikataaq) 604
049 - 5 (1): New Funding for Early Childhood Education Programs (Joanasie) 605
050 - 5 (1): Nunavut Mining Symposium in Cambridge Bay (Peterson) 606
096 - 5 (1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Grandson Rumbolt (Rumbolt) 606
097 - 5 (1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq) 606
098 - 5 (1): Marijuana Bar Bill in Chesterfield Inlet (Netser) 607
099 - 5 (1): Increase in Training Opportunities for Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 608
100 - 5 (1): Issues with LARGA Boarding Home with Power Outage (Picco) 609
101 - 5 (1): Congratulations to Rosalie Ejangiaq (Netser) 610
102 - 1 (5): Recognition of Porsche Mike in Canada under 150 "s Nakasuk School (Akesuk) 610
103 - 1 (3): Budget Considerations (McLean) 610
104 - 1 (2): Two More Elders Travelling for Care (Towtongie) 612
105 - 1 (5): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue Teams (Akesuk) 613
106 - 5 (1): Cape Dorset Grizzlies vs. Searchers (Joanasie) 614
123 - 5 (1): Private Probation Bill (Hickes) 616
124 - 5 (1): Status of Site Remediation in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 617
125 - 5 (1): School Leave Policy in Chesterfield Inlet (McLean) 618
126 - 1 (3): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Nakasuk) 619
127 - 5 (1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Netser) 620
128 - 5 (1): Update on Medical Travel Office (Kilabuk) 622
129 - 5 (1): Income Support Policies (Towtongie) 623
130 - 5 (1): Mine Training Effort (Tootoo) 624
131 - 1 (3): Support for Hospital Staff (McLean) 626
132 - 5 (1): Insurance Policy on Government Leased Properties (Hickes) 629
133 - 5 (1): Expansion of Courses in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 630
134 - 5 (1): Grants and Contributions (McLean) 632
135 - 1 (5): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers "Equipment (Keyootak) 633
136 - 1 (5): Early Childhood Education and Early Childhood Education (Hickes) 634
137 - 1 (5): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts (McLean) 636
029 - 1 (2): Correspondence and the 2018 Annual Report of the North Aarruja Mining Company Re: The Mill Diamond Project (Reykjavik) 638
030 - 1 (3): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four-plex Garage (Netser) 638
031 - 1 (3): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Airport Expansion in Repulse Bay (Netser) 638
032 - 5 (1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 639
033 - 5 (1): Options under the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act (Speaker) 639
34 - 5 (1): Speaker's List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker) 639
015 - 1 (3): Extension of Question Period (McLean) 632
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Consideration in Committee 640
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee 644
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee 680
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Third Reading 682
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Third Reading 682
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Third Reading 682
Hon. David Akeeagok, President Padluq Angnakak, Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak, Speaker Joe Enook, George Hickes, Hon. David Joanasie, Joelie Qaunirq, Mila Kamingoak, Pauloosie Keyootak, Minister Quassa Kusugak, Adam Lightstone, Simeon Mikkungwak, Margaret Nakasuk, Patterk Netser, President Joe Savikataaq, and Hon. Paul Quassa.
> > House commenced at 13: 33
Speaker (Hon. Joe Enook): Mr. Quassa, I would like to ask you to say the opening prayer.
Speaker: Good afternoon, Mr. Premier, members, Nunavummiut who are listening to the radio broadcast and watching the televised proceedings. Welcome to your committee.
We will proceed directly to the orders of the day.
Premier of Nunavut, Mr. Quassa.
Minister's Statement 046 - 1 (5): Nunavut's 2018 Youth Award Winner (Quassa)
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say "good day" to my fellow residents of Igloolik, my colleagues, and all Nunavummiut.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Donna Mendes-Kimmaliardjuk on her award at the 2018 Nunavut Youth Abroad Program in Winnipeg.
She is the first Inuk to receive a doctorate in medicine.
Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was born in Chesterfield Inlet and is the first Inuk to be a cardiologist...
This year, she is in her fourth year of a six-year program at the University of Ottawa's Heart Institute.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was fortunate enough to be admitted to the Canadian Medical Association in 2014 and is the only resident of what is now known as a cardiac surgeon in Canada.
In 2016, she became a member of the Aboriginal Healing Foundation's HIV / AIDS Working Group, which represents Inuit.
During his tenure, he promoted Inuit health issues and Inuit societal values.
Mr. Speaker, the recipients of these awards are the highest honour of any aboriginal person in our society.
The award recipients celebrate their 25th anniversary in 2018 and congratulate 350 aboriginal, Inuit, and Métis students on their achievements.
The investiture ceremony celebrates the cultural diversity of aboriginal Canadians.
This year's awards ceremony will take place on March 23 in Winnipeg.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Kimmaliardjuk on his recent appointment.
She has worked very hard on behalf of the Department of Health and Social Services and is an excellent role model for our youth in Nunavut.
I know that when I talk about this issue, I am very proud of Dr. Kimmaliardjuk. I know that he will work on this issue and it will be very important to us.
Minister responsible for the Department of Justice, Minister Okalik.
Minister's Statement 047 - 5 (1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing in Iqaluit
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The inmates who participated in the program include sealskin preparation and other items, such as parkas parkas, mitts, sealskin pants, sealskin mitts, and cookies.
Rosemary Angutittauruq-Sandy is a well-respected elder and well-known seamstress throughout the world.
He recently travelled to Norway to teach a course on sealskins.
She was a former student of Nunavut Arctic College's Fur Production and Design Program and she initiated the Miqqut Program with the Literacy Council of Nunavut.
Rosemary's role in helping inmates develop culturally relevant, healthy, and safe Inuit language and culture healing programs.
The sewing program will work with on-the-land programs to support on-the-land programs for inmates to learn hunting skills and how to properly prepare skins and meat.
These funds will be used for the Fur Production and Design Program.
Programs such as this help inmates reintegrate into their communities when their sentences expire and encourage them to reintegrate into the justice system instead of into the criminal justice system.
I recently visited the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility and I was very pleased to note the positive impact that it has had on the culture and heritage of the community, especially elders like Rosemary Sandy.
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Minister's Statement 048 - 5 (1): Red Seal Program (Savikataaq)
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I say "good day" to the people of Arviat.
Mr. Speaker, these include certified heavy equipment operators and heavy equipment operators.
In September of 2016, the Heavy Equipment Operator Training Program was delivered in three communities in Nunavut.
It provides Nunavummiut with on-the-job training and certification through the apprenticeship program known as the Certified General Accountants Program.
In November of 2017, Nunavut was given the authority to issue red seal certificates to heavy equipment operators and heavy equipment operators.
As part of the Heavy Equipment Operator Program, this program completes the provincial certification process that promotes the knowledge, skills, and abilities of our employees to work anywhere in Canada.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that we have been able to provide Nunavummiut with the national recognition they need to earn their High School Diploma.
Minister of Education, Mr. Joanasie.
Minister's Statement 049 - 1 (5): New Funding for Early Childhood Education Programs (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Good afternoon, my colleagues, residents of Cape Dorset and Kimmirut, as well as Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to announce today that the Department of Education will be providing operations and maintenance funding to eligible daycares.
Mr. Speaker, as a result of these increases, a three-year action plan that my officials developed for early childhood education and childcare was signed in September of 2017 with the federal government.
Mr. Speaker, this current fiscal year will see eligible daycares receive an increase in funding at a minimum of $1,918.80, with a maximum cost of $45,494.80 depending on the number, type, and location of these facilities.
As long as daycares do not increase the cost of child care and additional costs they will be eligible for similar funding in the next fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, this funding will not only help day-care operators manage their costs, it will also help families with child care costs without an increase.
Mr. Speaker, we are proud to be able to provide this funding to support day cares and families.
I also believe, and I am sure that we also believe that this funding will have a positive impact without changing both the funding and the daycares "additional costs.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Shewchuk.
Minister's Statement 050 - 5 (1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Shewchuk)
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik (interpretation): Good day, Nunavummiut and my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, mining is one of the foundations of Nunavut's economic development.
My department is committed to supporting the mining sector to ensure that Nunavummiut benefit from these activities.
Mr. Speaker, Canada will be hosting the 21st Annual Nunavut Mining Symposium from April 9 to 12, 2018.
This conference is an excellent opportunity for people to explore new opportunities in Nunavut's mineral exploration and mining sector to ensure that our communities are aware and involved in mineral exploration and development in Nunavut.
We expect that this year's mining symposium will continue to be one of the most well attended events in Nunavut and we expect more than 400 participants to attend.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to welcoming the mining industry, Inuit organizations, prospectors, community members, and other participants to this important meeting.
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members of the Legislative Assembly and the public to participate in this public forum on April 11.
This is not just an opportunity to get good things but also the impact of search and rescue so that the parties can have a better response.
Members "Statements. Member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
Member's Statement 096 - 1 (5): Happy Fifth Birthday to Granddaughter Toni Rumbolt (Rumbolt)
Mr. Speaker, it has been five years since I first stood in this House as the Speaker. Since I got my first grandchild, it has been five years since I have been elected.
Happy birthday, Jayden.
Member for Nattilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member's Statement 097 - 1 (5): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment Initiative (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
What I will be talking about is a good idea for our youth and it's a good plan for their future.
I rise today to share some good news with my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to inform the House that Inuit youth from the Kitikmeot will be gathering in Cambridge Bay next week to participate in the 2018 Kitikmeot Youth Abroad Program.
Mr. Speaker, this gathering provides an opportunity for Kitikmeot youth to get together and discuss their priorities and concerns with youth.
It includes:
Mental health;
Youth facilities;
Substance abuse;
Inuit history of learning, residential school solutions, and reconciliation;
The protection and promotion of the Inuit language and culture continues.
Mr. Speaker, the participants from Taloyoak are:
Judy Carroll;
David Tungilik;
Harold Paniyuk;
Lobby Uliqkaliksaq; and
Crystal Mitchell.
The participants from Kugaaruk are:
Becky Makittuq;
Loretta Rose Arqviq Kringuk;
Christine Doriana Qirngnuq;
Chantel Kanayuk Qirngnuq; and
Pauline as a whole.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in wishing her the best of luck in her reunion.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightstone.
Member's Statement 098 - 5am - 1 (3): Marijuana Bill (McLean)
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to raise concerns that have been brought to my attention by constituents regarding the issue of marijuana legalization.
I just recently received a letter that indicated that my family and I were living in Iqaluit in a public housing unit for about a year.
A couple of years ago, when we were smoking, we had to move away from the smell, the smoke coming into my house and it was quite strong.
This letter goes on to state, and I quote, "I am deeply concerned about the impact of second-hand smoke on my children. I am putting my children first and other people in this situation."
Mr. Speaker, as residents of Iqaluit and my family, we also live in apartment buildings.
Mr. Speaker, the issue of second-hand smoke affects non-smoking.
Mr. Speaker, although you may not have smoked for a long time, other jurisdictions have known the health risks associated with second-hand smoke and second-hand smoke.
As a father with children, I don't want them to be affected by these kinds of health hazards that include tobacco, marijuana, and second-hand smoke.
As my colleague from Pangnirtung noted, he asked a question to the Minister of Health about the potential health consequences of marijuana.
In talking to my constituents, they have the same concerns.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that when it comes to these types of situations, we have to try and be balanced.
The federal government's proposed ban on smoking is expected to come into effect in the next few months.
Mr. Speaker, I seek unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Lightstone, please proceed.
Thank you, my colleagues.
However, the government will have to make a decision on how it will regulate the use of marijuana within the community.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet noted last week that the government's own consultations and results indicate that concerns have been raised with respect to agriculture and access to public housing units and condominiums.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that when this legislation is introduced in the Legislative Assembly, it will need to clearly address these concerns and I look forward to working with my colleagues to find the most appropriate solutions.
Before we proceed, as you are aware, our colleague, Mr. Akoak, is absent from the House due to illness.
Mr. Akoak, I wish you a speedy recovery.
Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Member's Statement 099 - 1 (5): Expansion of Courses in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say "hello" to the people of Baker Lake and all Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage our government to increase training opportunities for residents of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, given Baker Lake's rapidly growing population, it will be important to take this opportunity to provide additional training and employment opportunities for residents of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, the Piqqusilirivvik operates the program in Baker Lake.
This could be expanded so that the public can be more informed and have more experience in Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, the idea of establishing a university in Nunavut has been discussed, and Agnico Eagle Mines has indicated that it is willing to support such an initiative.
I think it would be best if we put Nunavut in the middle of Canada because Canada is right in the middle of the country.
Mr. Speaker, as one of my colleagues pointed out, it is important that we take these things into account as soon as possible before they are passed.
The wheels of government go slower, but in spite of that, we have to encourage and push for every opportunity that comes before us.
Mr. Speaker, this is the beginning of our term as the Fifth Legislative Assembly, and I, too, would like to see us take a major step forward.
Expanding training opportunities in communities such as Baker Lake would be a positive step forward.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Member's Statement 100 - 5 (1): Issues with LARGA Boarding Home (Kamingoak)
Mr. Kamingoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good afternoon, colleagues, Kuglukturmiut, and Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage the government to be more vigilant about the day-to-day operations of medical boarding homes.
Mr. Speaker, my constituents have brought forward a number of concerns that they feel should have been addressed some time ago.
The food problem and the fact that we have a lot of junk food in front of us - they have been broken down for months.
Mr. Speaker, it is important that the government ensures that services that are paid for by Nunavummiut are delivered in a timely manner.
I understand that the boarding homes require a lot of billets on a daily basis but it is also important that they be comfortable and well taken care of.
Mr. Speaker, it is unclear if these boarding homes will be included in the review.
I look forward to seeing the results of the review and the recommendations to improve services and conditions at the boarding homes.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Member's Statement 101 - 5 (1): Congratulations to Rosalie Ejangiaq (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) I rise today to congratulate Rosalie Ejangiaq of Repulse Bay.
She is a young person who has completed her studies but has worked very hard and has been recognized and awarded the Brazil Elder Award by the Canadian Academy of the Arts.
Mr. Speaker, the Tahera Diamond Jubilee Medal is a national award that provides financial assistance to high school students even though they face some very difficult challenges in succeeding.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ms. Ejangiaq for her persistence and her commitment to continuing her education.
Many of our young people are struggling and face challenges in completing their high school education.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating her on her accomplishments. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Member's Statement 102 - 1 (5): Porsche Mike - Recognition of Canada under 150 "s Nakasuk School
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you.
Good afternoon, my colleagues and my family, as well as the people of Pangnirtung.
I rise this afternoon to congratulate one of my constituents from Pangnirtung who was recognized by Dennis Patterson.
I would also like to extend my congratulations to an 18-year volunteer search and rescue volunteer from Pangnirtung, Poasie Mike, who has been working for search and rescue for 18 years. I am very proud of him for standing up for me.
My final name on the list is the Hon. Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Ningeongan.
Member's Statement 103 - 1 (5): Budget Considerations
Mr. McLean: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say "good day" to the people watching the televised proceedings.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer some observations and recommendations concerning the government's financial management practices.
Mr. Speaker, for those of us who are new to this House, over the last couple of weeks we have learned a great deal from our experiences.
Mr. Speaker, as the Chair of the Regular Members "Caucus of the Legislative Assembly, I would like to express my appreciation to all of my colleagues for the collegial manner in which we have worked together since the beginning of the new Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say publicly that on Friday, the Legislative Assembly will no longer accept responsibility for its own procurement practices.
Mr. Ningeongan (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. My colleague from Iqaluit-Tasiluk tabled a very important motion on Friday and we will be proceeding with this motion when the House reconvenes for its spring sitting.
Mr. Speaker, although we are a territorial government, it is not always as effective as it should be.
For example, last week, as I mentioned in my opening comments, when we were dealing with the college's capital budget, the government listened to our concerns and made some significant changes to the college's budget.
I look forward to seeing more of that in the coming weeks and years, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, over the past few weeks, members have been asking a lot of questions on a daily basis.
I think we can be quite clear on our goals; it's evident that we need to do a more thorough review of the government's expenditures.
It is just not enough if we are just going to be counting the numbers that are coming out.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask for unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Menon, please proceed.
Mr. Ningeongan (interpretation): Thank you.
Mr. Speaker, I am talking about experimenting with these emerging technologies.
Mr. Speaker, this information needs to be made public in this House so that we, as elected officials, can make informed decisions about whether or not to increase, decrease, or decrease the funding that we receive from other sources.
Mr. Speaker, I will use these as an example.
I think it's safe to say that we can all agree that the government's administration of income tax rebates for hunters is not providing enough support to the hunters.
The Department of Environment, which administers the government's Harvesters "Support Program, needs to carefully review its programs and determine how to improve the program to target harvesters to help offset the cost of fuel.
Mr. Speaker, I will also take this opportunity to provide further examples of the government's grants and contributions expenditures.
We know that the government has spent a significant amount of money on developing and promoting our economy.
We know how much money has been borrowed from commercial lenders.
We know who received the funding.
We don't know what this money was used for.
We don't even know how many Inuit were hired from Nunavut out of that money and we don't even know what the money was used for.
Mr. Speaker, as you know, I could go on for a long time, but it's redundant and I'll leave it at that.
In addition, I look forward to reviewing the budget of the operations of the Legislative Assembly and I look forward to working with all members to strengthen our budget in support of all of our communities and constituents.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Member's Statement 104 - 1 (2): Two More Elders Travelling for Care (Towtongie)
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to pay tribute to one of our most respected elders, Annie Tatty, who was airlifted to Ottawa today.
As well, one of our oldest people, Amarok, as I stand today in the House, is also sent to Gjoa Haven because he is not an elder in Rankin Inlet.
I would like to send my message to the residents of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet.
When I was elected in November, when I was looking at the business plan, I asked about the health centre upstairs. Where are the plans for the establishment of an elders facility in Rankin Inlet or in Nunavut?
I was told by the Minister of Health and Social Services that all of us, as Members of the Legislative Assembly, are very concerned about our elders.
When we had our meeting in Pond Inlet, this issue will be brought up.
I'm just waiting.
A couple of days ago I rose when we were dealing with the capital estimates and I don't see it, it's set aside for elders "facilities.
I was told that I cannot talk about this and I have to resign.
However, I was grateful to our Chairman, Allan Rumbolt, for allowing me to continue to express my feelings for the elders centre.
I rise today to express my dissatisfaction with myself as an elected official.
Sending our elders south to places where they were not raised is not acceptable.
We want to be good MLAs, we want to be good government and we have told our elders to be proud of them, and we have to send them out of Nunavut.
Member for Amittuq, Mr. Ningeongan.
Member's Statement 105 - 1 (5): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue Teams (Qiqirtaq)
Mr. Kattuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thought I was forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today once again to express my pride in a fellow resident of my community.
The search and rescue teams work very hard to search for people who are lost out on the land.
They just use it for their own transportation.
I rise today to congratulate my community of Hall Beach's search and rescue co-chair, Kyle Issigaitok, and second vice-chairperson, Martha Gibbons.
Abraham Ullaalaaq is one of the elders.
As I stated before, he is the first one to go out on the land when there is a search and rescue going on.
As youth, we have to provide more support to our elders because they tell us the truth.
We don't believe that there is a future for us.
I'm on this side of the House and I do regret a lot of times, but I would like to listen again.
So you won't be in that situation when you are young, so be careful when you go out on the land.
Mr. Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize the search and rescue team from Igloolik. They had a meeting this week in Hall Beach and spring is almost upon us.
With that being the case, Mr. Speaker, if you are going to be travelling on a SPOT device, ask your elders where they want to go and I will be able to catch up with you right away.
Things like that.
The reason why I rise today is to reiterate that the search and rescue teams have only one snowmobile and they have been requesting to the Department of Community and Government Services and they have never received a response.
We need to provide more support to the search and rescue organizations.
That's it.
The last name on the list, Member for South Baffin, Mr. Joanasie.
Member's Statement 106 - 5 (1): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Cape Dorset's Sam Pudlat School will be utilized and anyone will be invited to learn music or to learn songs.
I would like to recognize the choir for their excellent songs, and I would also like to thank them for being able to travel to Cape Dorset with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and with the help of the Hamlet of Cape Dorset.
There are none.
Member for Quttiktuq, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize four individuals in the Gallery that I will be recognizing.
First of all, I would like to recognize the Director of Parks Canada, Jenna Bernhardt, and her staff and she always looks after me and our children, my wife, Carol Akeeagok.
I would also like to thank my sister, Naomi Kokak, who is from the furthest away community. We are very grateful that she was able to come here.
I would also like to recognize an individual who is one of our staff who has come here to attend school. He is our daughter and I am very proud of him. I would like to welcome Jayden Natanine.
Perhaps I can provide a bit of a background.
When I was a child, I was still a child...
I was expecting a seal pup for the first time in a lake.
I don't think there are many people out there that have ever caught a seal in a lake, but we used to live on a sand island.
They were very helpful and they were my foster parents.
I would like to thank them very much for being able to come here.
Mr. Utak and your officials, welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My parents in Wager Bay, even though my mother is now a park, all of us were given pictures and I recognize and appreciate our eldest child.
I would also like to thank Teresa Uttak for giving me a cup of tea and Louie Uttak, thank you for your excellent food and I will be staying with you again.
Thank you very much.
Welcome to the Gallery.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Mr. Kamingoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naomi Kokak Kuluguqtuq and Carol Akeeagok, they are my relatives.
Naiomi is from Grise Fiord. She has come a long way since I don't have any relatives every day, as you can see.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would like to recognize and congratulate my husband, Andrew Nakashuk.
Please welcome him.
Mr. Nakasuk, welcome to our Assembly.
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery. I have no more names on my list.
We will move on in our orders of the day.
We will start with the Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
Question 123 - 5 (1): Private Probation Bill (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice.
I would like to assure my colleagues that over the last couple of weeks and the last couple of weeks, we have been working very hard to make sure that the training for our corrections officers is on an equal footing.
I would like to ask the minister if this government will be bringing forward legislation in regard to corrections.
Minister of Justice, Minister Okalik.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker, and I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
To date, the Government of Nunavut does not have a Code of Values and Ethics for Nunavut.
My department is aware of a number of companies providing security services in our communities, such as health centres.
We are currently in the process of evaluating the policy development for the Nunavut Business Credit Corporation.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As the minister is saying, one of the last jurisdictions in Canada that doesn't have a private sector security system, we want to make sure that they have the capacity to be able to respond and provide that level of service.
All provinces and territories have introduced legislation to address this issue.
I guess my next question is: If they're looking at that, is there going to be a policy or legislation coming forward on that?
Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) Yes, we can work on developing policies or regulations for these businesses.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Hickes.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
Mr. Speaker, I would just like to take this opportunity to note that the Department of Justice is responsible for the oversight of law enforcement services. Can the minister indicate if his department works closely with the Department of Community and Government Services to coordinate the contracting activities of the Government of Nunavut for the provision of probation services?
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) The regulations or policies that are prepared by the Department of Justice or any other department, when they are drafting policies, our department tries to be involved at the beginning.
I don't have that information in front of me, but I can look into it and get back to the member.
Question 124 - 5 (1): Status of Site Remediation in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
Mr. Speaker, I asked a number of questions to the minister last week concerning the status of cleaning up the contaminated site in Baker Lake.
In one of his responses to me, the minister indicated that the final report will be prepared and submitted to the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
Will the minister commit to providing a copy of this report to both the Hamlet Council of Baker Lake and me as the MLA for the community?
Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation, Minister Iqaluit.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) Yes, Mr. Mikkungwak, I will commit to doing that.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
One of the things when the minister stood up to the Qulliq Energy Corporation is to see if we can work with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean up the remaining site. Mr. Speaker, I would be very happy to hear that when I go back to the community in the next week or so and I will encourage the hamlet staff to meet with the Qulliq Energy Corporation officials.
Mr. Speaker, this may not be possible given the fact that the Qulliq Energy Corporation's warehouse is located in Baker Lake.
Can the minister confirm that the Qulliq Energy Corporation has spent approximately $1.68 million to date on the clean-up?
Can the minister clarify how much it would cost to clean up that site?
Minister Okalik.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) The total cost of the clean-up would be approximately $10 million.
We are committed to working with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean up the contaminated site.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Speaker, in my line of questioning last week, I raised the issue of whether or not the federal government or the Government of Nunavut have changed the pricing structure to reflect the true cost of living in Nunavut.
Mr. Speaker, I am in support of the Qulliq Energy Corporation's actions in relation to the destruction of the plant that was inherited from the federal government.
Will the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation commit to working with the Minister of Justice to review and clarify the legal options that may be available to him in this area?
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) Yes, as the Minister of Energy and the Minister of Justice, we will have to work together to find a solution.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightstone.
Question 125 - 5 (1): School Leave Policy in Chesterfield Inlet
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Public Service Act.
In previous years, according to the government's most recent annual reports on the public service, a significant number of individuals took advantage of such programs as the Young Parents Stay Learning Program.
Unfortunately, the 2016-17 annual report did not include this information.
Can the minister provide the House with that information?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
With respect to the annual report, the member seems to want us to go through that process and I imagine it will be tabled in the House within a year.
I'm not sure if it's going to be there, but I can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Lightstone.
I would just like to ask the minister if he could provide that information to the House as to how many employees took advantage of the program in 2016-17.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Speaker (interpretation): The question has been taken as notice.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Question 126 - 1 (2): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Nakasuk)
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today are for the Minister of Community and Government Services.
I have asked the minister in the past about the old health centre in Pangnirtung that is no longer in use after the new health centre was established.
The old health centre has not been used for a long time, but it has been closed for a long time.
My question is: What kind of plans does the minister have in regard to the old health centre?
Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
Hon. Paul Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to thank my colleague for asking that question.
When buildings that are no longer being used by the government are no longer being used by the department, it leads to the question of whether or not they should be used for other government projects.
The old health centre was built in 1975 in Pangnirtung and it went through a similar situation.
The Department of Health doesn't want to use it anymore.
We did a call for proposals from different levels of government and we have not heard from anyone who is interested in that.
Following the government processes, we are now in the planning stages to see if the hamlets would like to take on that responsibility.
If they didn't want it, then we would be able to go back to the non-profit communities to see if they wanted it.
There is a process in place for disposal by the government.
That's where we are right now.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
I would like to get clarification. Have you asked the communities if they would like to take on that responsibility or what is the status of it?
Hon. Paul Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We have not heard from the government that they want it.
At this time, we are in the planning stages to see if the hamlet would be interested in doing a feasibility study.
That's where we are at right now.
Your final supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
I thank the minister for his response.
I don't know if the hamlet or the hamlet would like it, but if they can't go from there, what happens when the government buildings are no longer going to be used?
I thank the member for that question.
There are four guiding principles that we use.
For example, in Pangnirtung, when the old health centre was no longer wanted by the health professionals, we asked if the other government departments wanted it.
They didn't want it so we will see if the hamlet wants it.
Those are the procedures that we follow when we go through these types of situations.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Question 127 - 5 (1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Netser.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Today I would like to start off by saying "good afternoon" and I would like to say "good afternoon" since I have been here since I haven't been here in the afternoon, I usually say "good afternoon" to them.
We will be going home very soon.
Mr. Speaker, it is a sad fact that some of Nunavut's most vulnerable individuals have to travel south to receive care and services that are far away from their families.
I agree with you that when you're visited by a relative, things really change.
The Department of Family Services "Client Travel Policy is on the government's website for the period of June 2013, which came into effect on March 31, 2018.
It was brought to my attention that the previous Minister of Family Services had agreed to make changes to the family travel policy.
Can the minister indicate if any changes to the department's client travel policy have been made since 2013 and, if not, will there be any changes made after March 31 of this year?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I can't speak for the previous minister but what I can say is that this policy will be in place until the end of March 2018, and it will remain in place until a new policy is changed.
I haven't heard of any changes being made to the Child and Family Services Act.
If there is a need to change it, we can look at it and we can't change it unless we look at it first.
If there seems to be a need for change that seems to be beneficial to the clients and to the government then we can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The Department of Family Services "Client Travel Policy states that an elder in the care of the Department of Family Services is entitled to two family members or guardians" visits each year. "
Can the minister indicate if this policy has been amended to allow for two family members to visit twice a year?
There are two return tickets; two can travel together or one can visit twice.
To be clear, two return tickets per trip, two return tickets per year for each possession.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Will the minister commit to considering changes to the family travel program for adults in care?
At the end of the day, I can't commit to anything right now until we review the whole policy.
I'm sure there's going to be a review done on all the travel costs that the Department of Family Services pays for medical travel.
We will have to work with the Department of Health to make sure that the policies are being followed properly, but I can't commit to anything else at this time because the Medical Travel Policy is nearing its end.
Member for Nattilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Question 128 - 5 (1): Update on Medical Travel Office, Cape Dorset
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Mr. Speaker, from time to time, a number of my constituents come to my office to seek help for their medical condition.
As the minister is very much aware, earlier this week, he issued a phone number in which Nunavummiut can call the patient relations office to express their concerns.
Mr. Speaker, the language and where you come from, there are barriers.
Can the minister tell us what other ways to contact the patient relations office?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
Hon. Patterk Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand your concern, but we do try to encourage people to call the toll-free number so that they can get a response right away.
I don't have it in front of me, but there is an email address, and there is a fax number as well.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation) I don't know if he answered my question or not.
Mr. Speaker, the Information and Privacy Commissioner has raised concerns about these privacy concerns, and I understand that there is a need to address the issue of ensuring that Inuit language information is protected from reprisal.
The Office of Patient Relations has a form that outlines complaints or concerns.
However, if you don't have a fax machine, you don't have the ability to send it out on your own, you don't have all the computers, you don't have the ability to take pictures that are going to be entered into the computer, and so on and so forth.
Can the minister clearly explain why the Office of Patient Relations should not be faxed?
An Hon. Member: Good question.
Minister Angnakak.
Very good questions.
I think the reason why we're seeing a decrease in the number of fax machines out there is because of the way that we're moving forward as a government, we're using more bandwidth than paper.
According to the government's website, www.patients.gov.nu.ca. There are health centres in every community.
If you want to send out forms by fax, you can send them out. There are government liaison officers in every community.
In the communities, they can be faxed to our headquarters office.
If the patient relations office did not have a fax, I would be able to find out why.
Member for Rankin Inlet North, Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Question 129 - 5 (1): Income Support Policies (Towtongie)
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct this question to the Minister of Family Services.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to follow up on a question that was asked by the Member for Kugluktuk in regard to income support.
In his Minister's Statement, he indicated that the Income Assistance Program will be signed by the department and that it will be part of the program selection process.
Can the minister clarify how the search for a successful candidate will be conducted without a clear mandate?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
In regard to the report on improvements to the selection process, I would think that we don't have a lot of work to do, but sometimes they have a lot of work to do and short-term work.
Perhaps if it was an appropriate time to look for an individual to go to the appropriate department, then they would be able to do their job.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Towtongie.
This income support is a policy of the Nunavut Government and not a policy of the Nunavut Government.
If it was a policy like a piece of art we wouldn't be able to change it as Members of the Legislative Assembly.
I see that when there is no job for a young person in Taloyoak and he wants me to sign a waiver on a monthly basis, how it's going to work for elections, it's kind of embarrassing and touching, even though the person who is on income support doesn't have a job to do on top of that.
Can the minister clearly describe what kind of Nunavut-specific policy can be developed for outpost camps?
Right now it is a model that does not apply to Nunavut or to the north.
This policy is for Nunavut only.
This fund is only used for Nunavut outside of Nunavut.
In regard to income support, there was a review done and there was a change in the policy.
At this time, there are quite a few people who are on income support and there is also the Child Tax Credit that is not deducted from the Income Support Program in Nunavut.
I feel for the people who signed the petition.
If you don't have a job, you won't be able to get a job. However, the benefits have to be carefully voted on. However, this will be looked into further.
Question 130 - 5 (1): Mine Training Efforts (Tootoo)
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to direct my question to the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that when mining companies are trying to develop and create jobs, they are responsible for the environment.
Perhaps my question today will be in regard to the construction of residential schools.
Last year, your department's draft 2017-18 main estimates for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation included $200,000 in funding for the Nunavut Mine Training Program.
Can the minister provide an example of how much of this funding was used in the 2017-18 fiscal year?
Mr. Speaker, I want to be clear.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank the member for his question.
In terms of mine training, what I can say is that they don't have all the details on how they were spent.
The department is working with Family Services, Nunavut Arctic College, the federal government, our mining industry, and Inuit organizations to develop a number of programs to prepare Nunavummiut for opportunities in the mining sector. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Kattuk.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I'm just wondering if the Department of Finance is looking at increasing their budget or decreasing their budget for the upcoming 2018-19 fiscal year.
Minister Shewchuk.
I can't respond to that question at this time, but I apologize if I can go back to the member's question in regard to the $200,000.
The Kitikmeot Corporation spent $61,000 on this project, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association literacy camp for the Baffin region, the $60,000, and the Hamlet of Arviat for the Getting Ready for Employment Training program for the 78,000 heavy equipment operators.
Thank you for clarifying your question.
As you may have noticed last week, I tabled a copy of a letter from a mining company called Arctic Erie Mining in the House.
They are going to be doing some work around Hall Beach this spring.
I wonder if the minister and the Department of Economic Development and Transportation can work together not only with NTCL but also with the mining companies to see how they can improve their training programs for the residents of the High Arctic.
For that reason, Mr. Speaker, Hall Beach is a small community and there is going to be a lot of money spent by the mining companies.
You also stated that you will be supporting the mining sector.
My question, Mr. Speaker, is: Will you be able to manage the funds that you identified for the Mary River project?
There is the Mary River project in the Baffin, the Kivalliq, and the gold project in the Kitikmeot.
Will they be able to be dealt with properly?
As an example, as an Inuk, if I want to have a higher position, how can I be provided with training and how can the Department of Economic Development and Transportation provide assistance?
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to thank the member for posing good questions because the Department of Economic Development and Transportation is not responsible for that.
I think it's also important to recognize that there are different types of mining that are being developed.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Oral Questions.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Ningeongan.
Question 131 - 1 (3): Support for Hospital Staff (McLean)
Mr. McLean: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
First of all, I would like to say that my question is directed to a lot of the communities, not just my community.
Perhaps in all of Nunavut, we have a shortage of nurses and other health care professionals.
Mr. Speaker, as you know, one of the reasons for the high workload is because of the lack of job opportunities in English.
The reason for that is because we don't have the staff or the capacity to do the work.
I know for a fact that this causes a lot of poverty in the communities.
I hope I was understandable as I am speaking in Inuktitut.
Let me say it in English. (Interpretation ends) Mr. Speaker, (interpretation) the number of positions in the department is increasing due to the lack of staff and the number of positions in the department.
My question for the minister: Can the minister tell the House what steps his department is taking to provide additional support to health centre staff in the communities who have a heavy workload?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
I thank the member for that very important question.
The issue of staffing our health centres is very important and we have been working very hard as a department to make sure that we don't have a shortage of staff in the health centres.
I would like to see that occur, but sometimes we don't have enough.
I know for a fact that the nurses are exhausted.
Our department is doing what it can.
We just did that recently in the communities. When there was a nurse in charge, we sent out another nurse to provide more support.
That information is sent out to the nurses when there is a lot of work to be done.
When a nurse does something like that, whether it's a sick leave or a sick leave, we look at where we can get an escort from within the community.
We don't want to see a decrease in the number of nurses that are providing health care in Nunavut.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Ningeongan.
Mr. McLean: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his response.
I think we're all concerned about the department's staffing statistics. In my two communities, for example, it's clear that there are still too many vacant positions in the health centres.
In the constitution, 70 percent are vacant, Arviat is 44 percent vacant.
Yes, I know that this is a challenging issue and it should be dealt with as soon as possible.
I would like to ask the minister if he could describe some of the challenges that his department faces in addition to having adequate staffing at our community health centres, which are often very busy.
Ms. Angnakak.
At the end of the day, after 30 months, it's very difficult to retain nurses when they have the experience. I don't know if they're new or not, but it's very difficult to retain nurses in the communities.
Since then, the department has been working very hard to try and address this issue.
Your final supplementary, Mr. McLean.
I thank the minister for his response.
Maybe another way to say it, Mr. Speaker, is that we all know that there are some problems in the communities. There is always a heavy workload and a shortage of health professionals in the communities.
I would like to know in detail exactly what is happening with these problems in the communities, what is being done, and what is the opinion of these problems in the communities?
What steps are being taken to ensure that our nurses and other health care professionals receive the support they need from the department?
Hon. Patterk Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Just to be clear, I don't have that level of detail with me.
For example, if we're open for emergencies only, they can't make appointments because they're too busy or because there are too many nurses that have left for whatever reason.
In my department, as I said earlier, trying to fill all the positions is a challenge because we are competing on a national level.
That's what we're trying to do. I know that they work with people who have experience in the north, not just in the north but in northern Manitoba.
I know that the Department of Health and Social Services is well aware of the challenges that our nurses face.
We try to provide as much assistance as we can. It's not an easy solution, but we have to work on it. If you have any ideas, please let us know.
Question 132 - 5 (1): Insurance Policy on Government Facilities in Nunavut (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Finance.
As we all know, Mr. Speaker, in all of Nunavut's communities, there is a wide range of infrastructure, such as terminal buildings, health centres, schools, and offices.
My question to the minister is: Once the insurance is in place, is the infrastructure done on a case-by-case basis or is it done on a case-by-case basis based on need?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) Our insurance coverage varies depending on the infrastructure.
Each of our infrastructure has different policies and some don't even have policies. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I recently saw on the news that there was another incident in one of our communities where a school was burned down.
Mr. Speaker, the Non-Insured Health Benefits Program and the Department of Finance are trying to address the infrastructure deficit by providing adequate insurance coverage. We learned that our own costs in Arctic Bay are well over $10 million.
What impact will this have on the insurance industry in the event of another school fire? (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) Today, we have increased the insurance premiums from $10 million to $20 million for schools as a result of the fires.
We continue to push the Department of Education and all of us to try and push these very expensive, unfortunately, lights on.
I think one of the things that we need to try and do is demonstrate a more sustainable approach to safety. We need to show that our costs are increasing and that we are self-insured. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Yes, I understand that and it scares me, but when you look at the community insurance program, it costs half of what it costs them.
I asked a question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
So this is a new line item for the $20 million for school fires.
Schools and other facilities have to pay for one million dollars on their own.
There is a difference.
I can't tell you how many schools would have to be burned down because they're no longer covered by insurance.
I certainly hope that we don't see a fire like this in our government and I appreciate the fact that it's important for all Members of the Legislative Assembly to continue to push this issue forward because this is a school for our children, for the public...
It's not just for the schools, it's also for the health centres because they are very valuable services that we provide.
Any damage is a challenge for our clients and I look forward to continuing to push for improvements to our facilities.
So, Mr. Speaker, that's a reminder.
Mr. Speaker, this is a public building. It's a public building. All of the schools, health centres, and garages are public buildings.
I applaud you for tabling that document in the House.
Question 133 - 1 (5): Expansion of Courses in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, as mentioned in my Member's Statement, as the Fifth Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, we have the opportunity to adopt a new approach to building a brighter future for Nunavut.
Can the minister tell the House if he is open to reopening this idea of establishing a university in your community in partnership with the private sector and other partners?
Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College, Mr. Joanasie.
I also thank the Member for Baker Lake for his question.
We put out an advertisement for the Nunavut Arctic College outside of Nunavut to see how we can work together.
We have also heard from different organizations, such as Agnico-Eagle, that they would like to establish a university that would be geared towards Nunavut.
We would like to see this go ahead, but to date, we have been negotiating with some of the entities outside of Nunavut Arctic College to try and work together.
I feel very strongly that we need to provide funding for the expansion of education programs from the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Division to the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School.
I feel that Baker Lake would be a very good location for that expansion.
Can the minister clarify whether he and his officials have had any discussions with the board of governors of Nunavut Arctic College to look at opportunities for post-secondary education to be delivered in Nunavut?
Mr. Joanasie.
We would like to see Nunavut Arctic College provide more opportunities for Nunavummiut to pursue post-secondary education in their communities. One thing that we have noticed is that there are opportunities for online learning.
With respect to the member's question about the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School, we are looking at how we can expand the program to other communities.
Yes, they will be part of the Arctic College Board of Governors, along with my officials, the president of the college, and the vice-president. They will be making plans to move this forward.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation) I recognize that the previous government agreed to the recommendation that Nunavut Arctic College should not be established at that time.
Will the minister commit to getting back to me on this issue and reporting back to the House on his findings?
Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Mikkungwak for the question.
The option of establishing a university in Nunavut is open to a wide range of people.
Agnico-Eagle has indicated that they have been able to come up with $5 million to build a new university if there is an interest in it.
I think there are ongoing discussions that are happening.
At this time, in the next four years, I don't know if we want to go through that route or not, but there is going to be a feasibility study done and that will be part of the study.
Members will note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Menon.
Motion 015 - 1 (3): Extension of Question Period (Ningeongan)
Mr. Ningeongan (interpretation): Mr. Speaker, pursuant to Rule 39 (7), I move, seconded by the Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that question period be extended.
The motion is in order. To the motion.
All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Opposed?
As a result, we have extended the oral question period by 30 minutes from now.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
Question 134 - 5 (1): Grants and Contributions (McLean)
Mr. McLean (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
I rise today to ask the Department of Environment about the Harvester Support Program and how they provide support to our hunters.
Looking at our government's main estimates for fiscal year 2017-18, there are three main items.
Let me say it in English so that I can be clear, there are three grants from the Department of Environment that are administered through the Disaster Compensation Program, the Wildlife Damage Compensation Program, and the Fur Pricing Program.
This amount has been allocated in the amount of $150,000 for this fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, I would first like to ask: Can the minister clarify how the Department of Environment evaluates the effectiveness of its programs and services?
Minister of Environment, Minister Shewchuk.
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, we just had an auction at the beginning of March. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Ningeongan.
I would also like to thank the minister for talking about the sealing industry.
Mr. Speaker, the information that has been provided to this House over the years is something that I really wanted to see and I think it's important for the hunters as well.
In 2011, the Department of Environment reported that the average price of sealskins sold at auction was $800,000.
In 2012, it was $1.1 million and in 2013, it was $1.04 million.
Mr. Speaker, can the minister provide us with an update on the status of the sealing program this year and, if so, would he be willing to provide us with the latest information on whether this year's budget or last year's budget appears to be a realistic one?
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) I have a copy of what you read.
I can't say where they are at right now because I don't have the current tenders with me.
I can tell you that after the Northern Lights trade show, we will probably see the same sales increase and at that time we will see the auctions for sealskins at the next auction. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Ningeongan.
I thank the minister for that answer.
This will be my last question, Mr. Speaker.
I wonder if the Department of Environment can consider providing more funding to our hunters so that they can provide more assistance.
We know for a fact that sealskins are very important to the people of Nunavut.
The funding that is used for one year is not enough, Mr. Speaker.
I feel that it is too small.
I would like to ask the minister if he agrees with me and if he can look into this further in the coming months.
I agree with you, and I look forward to tabling in the House a supplementary appropriation bill.
Question 135 - 1 (2): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers Organizations (Keyootak)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
Mr. Speaker, as we are all aware, in Nunavut, hunters are being severely damaged by polar bears, with damage to cabins and equipment that are no longer being used.
Mr. Speaker, there are compensation programs for damage but it is very difficult to replace equipment that has been damaged.
I'm just wondering if the funding for the Disaster Compensation Program has been used up in this fiscal year.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
I'm sorry I didn't hear everything.
Can he repeat his question, please?
Speaker (interpretation): Please repeat your first question, Mr. Keyootak.
Our equipment, our snowmobiles, and our cabins are destroyed by polar bears, especially when we are left behind.
We know that there are compensation programs for the damage that has been done in the past.
My question was, has this year's budget for damage been used up already?
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you for the clarification.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
The minister has taken the question as notice.
Can the minister indicate which communities in the Baffin, Kivalliq, and Kitikmeot have accessed this funding?
Yes, I will be giving them out to the regions.
Question 136 - 5 (1): Child Care and Early Childhood Services (Hickes)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Education.
This afternoon, the Minister of Education informed the House that all licensed child care facilities will be able to receive additional funding depending on where they are located.
Can the minister indicate approximately how much funding is currently being considered for licensed child care facilities?
Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation, Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
The Department of Education's executive committee approved a multi-year agreement for a three-year period over a three-year period, broken down by four-year period.
I just want to get some clarification on what that amount is, the operations and maintenance total is $1.1 million per year, and it's broken down that way by year.
That's the numbers that I have.
I thank the minister for that clarification.
Mr. Speaker, when I look at the Child Day Care Regulations for Nunavut under section 17 of the Early Childhood Education Act, it says that all staff dealing with day-to-day child care needs to be adequately trained. This is one of the expectations.
Mr. Speaker, I know that under the Early Childhood Education Program at Nunavut Arctic College.
Can the minister indicate how his department evaluates the success of its training programs to ensure that they are meeting the needs of Nunavummiut?
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
Training is part of the agreement for a three-year term.
Approximately 1.1 million dollars is for operations and maintenance.
We want to be able to get more certified teachers for early childhood education.
So that's one of the things that we're looking at expanding on-the-job training and that's something that we're looking forward to over the next three years.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank the minister.
I look forward to getting that information in the House on a regular basis.
When I look at the daycare workers and the training programs that are made available, I keep hearing that when employees are trained, they seem to be more effective.
Mr. Speaker, I have heard concerns from my constituents that there is not enough money for day care workers because of the high turnover of day care workers.
When it comes to ensuring that we provide the same level of education to our children in early childhood, it is important that we maintain stability in the workforce.
I'm just wondering: In terms of the grants and contributions, is it to help daycare workers get better pay so that they can continue to work there and not have to work there on a part-time basis?
Yes, I totally agree with Mr. Hickes. I totally agree with him that we want our children to be well prepared for school and to succeed in life before they enter the school system.
That's what we're trying to do and that's what we're trying to do to provide support to the daycare workers.
As long as one of the agreements does not increase the cost of providing daycare services, I think we can do our part to make sure that the staff at the daycare are getting the benefits that they need.
We are working on it right now and we do have daycare workers throughout Nunavut.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Ningeongan.
Question 137 - 1 (5): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts (McLean)
On Friday, March 16, I asked the Minister of Community and Government Services some questions.
There is an increase in the number of Inuit working within the government.
Mr. Speaker, the minister and I seem to agree that he is in support of increasing Inuit employment.
This 20 percent figure is related to the construction of these facilities, such as the Baffin Correctional Centre and small craft harbours in Iqaluit and Pond Inlet.
Just for clarification, Mr. Speaker, the rates are between 20 percent and 15 percent.
Can the minister explain how we will be making changes to the bid adjustments to increase the number of positions in the department?
Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
I believe the minister understands that when projects are undertaken by the Department of Community and Government Services, the Department of Community and Government Services assists the departments that are going to be building the infrastructure.
If we're talking about the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, we're talking about a correctional facility.
We work with the contractors to make sure that the contracts are being followed through properly.
We work with the client departments to determine how many Inuit can be employed.
We try to make sure that we don't go over budget and we try to make sure that we don't go over budget.
At this time, I can't say with any certainty that once the tenders have been completed, it will be impossible to change them, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Justice.
If we can't make any changes to the RFP, then we would have to look at other Inuit employment opportunities.
Can the Department of Community and Government Services work on this?
I want to be very clear, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister tell me, perhaps tell the House why when employees from other communities want to work in construction projects, are employees from Nunavut entitled to the same benefits as employees from outside of Nunavut?
Hon. Paul Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the member for that question.
Mr. Speaker, the NNI Contracting Appeals Board is responsible for evaluating the issue of Inuit labour content and sets out the following criteria:
Roles and responsibilities;
Inuit available for employment based on their education;
Other community-based programs may impact on the availability of Inuit employment.
Mr. Speaker, we encourage contractors to hire locally from the regional centres before hiring from outside of Nunavut.
That's how we encourage people who are coming to Nunavut to look for jobs.
We encourage people to do that.
We work very closely with our client departments to make sure that we're meeting the objectives that are set out in the Act.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Ningeongan.
Mr. Maley: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation) I thank the minister for his response.
For my final question, I would like to ask the minister: Will the minister commit to working with his colleagues in other departments to address the issue of major infrastructure projects?
Will the minister commit to working with his counterpart in the Department of Community and Government Services to ensure that job opportunities are created and that Inuit are able to apply for jobs during construction projects outside of the territory?
Will the minister commit to ensuring that this option is taken into account when awarding contracts to Nunavut companies?
I believe that the Government of Nunavut as a whole encourages people to look for jobs in Nunavut first and foremost.
That is how it has always been set up.
Going to the orders of the day.
Returns to Written Questions.
Clause 9.
Reports of Standing and Special Committees on Bills and Other Matters.
Tabled Document 029 - 1 (2): Correspondence and the 2018 Annual Report of the North Aurora Mining Company re.
Last week, I tabled a letter from the president of Norterra expressing my concern about the proposed offshore drilling near Hall Beach.
As I stated earlier, I will be in support of the mining companies because my fellow residents of Amittuq are unable to obtain jobs.
I am pleased to table the following document: The President's Response to the North West Company's Report on the State of Inuit Culture, Language, Elders and Youth 2018.
I believe that this program will be of great benefit to my constituents.
I will take that question as notice.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Tabled Document 030 - 1 (2): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four-bay garage (Netser)
Tabled Document 031 - 1 (5): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Airport Expansion in Repulse Bay (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to table two documents from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay that the government has requested.
With respect to the four-bay garage, the community is growing very rapidly and the vehicles are not keeping up with the demand. The garage is very old and it's overcrowded.
The other option is to lengthen the runway, which would be very beneficial to the community.
That's what the hamlet has written to the government.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Tabled Document 032 - 5 (1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak)
I wish to table today a document under the Department of Family Services "Client Travel Policy, Request for Proposals and Guidelines, including the Client Travel Policy.
I have two.
Tabled Document 033 - 5 (1): Options under the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act (Speaker)
Tabled Document 034 - 5 (1): Speaker's List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker)
Thank you, my colleagues. I have two documents to table.
The first document is the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act.
The second document is a list of outstanding statutory tabling requirements. (Interpretation) Thank you.
Going back to the Orders of the Day.
Notices of Motions.
Notices of Motions for First Reading of Bills.
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters. Bills 2, 3, and 4 with Mr. Rumbolt in the Chair.
In accordance with the authority provided to me by Motion 10 - 5 (1), the committee will stay in session until it reports itself out.
Before we proceed to the Committee of the Whole, we will take a 29-minute break.
Committee of the Whole recessed at 15: 54 and resumed at 16: 18
Chairman: Good afternoon. I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
In Committee of the Whole, we have the following items to deal with: Bills 2, 3, and 4.
Mr. Menon.
Mr. Maley: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We wish to continue with the review of Bill 2, followed by Bill 3 and the supporting documents.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Does the committee agree that we first deal with Bill 2?
Do you agree?
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Consideration in Committee
Please refer to Bill 2 in your legislation binder.
We will proceed. Mr. Akeeagok, do you have witnesses that you would like to bring to the table?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, if I may, Mr. Chairman, I would like to have officials with me at the witness table.
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses in.
Mr. Akeeagok, for the record, please introduce your witnesses and proceed with your opening comments.
On my left is my Assistant Deputy Minister, Assistant Deputy Minister Dan Kaunak.
Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to present Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2018-1919.
This bill will come into force on April 1, 2018. The government is requesting approval to spend a total of $491,804,000 between April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
Mr. Chairman, over the course of this year, the Minister of Finance has appeared before the Committee of the Whole for the entire fiscal year, but as the Fifth Legislative Assembly, we have just sat down and we are preparing our business plans.
For that reason, for the 2018-19 fiscal year, when we are preparing the 2018-19 budget, we will be tabling it in the House during the spring session in May and June.
To that end, Mr. Chairman, we will be introducing interim appropriations to allow the department to fulfill its mandate to provide services to Nunavummiut in the coming months.
This is a very big step in the right direction in allocating funds this year after the election.
Mr. Chairman, all departments and territorial corporations have had an opportunity to review these interim appropriations. Our calculations are based on departmental expenditures and cash flow over the past four years.
We are satisfied that this amount will be sufficient to operate until the Legislative Assembly has had the opportunity to review and approve the annual budget.
The major components of the department's budget are as follows:
$8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly;
$11.66 million for the Public Service;
$29.08 million for the Department of Finance;
$49.1 million for the Department of Family Services;
$32.44 million for the Department of Justice;
$10.77 million for the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth;
$64.1 million to the Department of Education;
In the amount of $85.77 million, for the old Department of Health offices;
$8.32 million for the Department of Environment;
$82.73 million for the Department of Community and Government Services "old offices;
$23.29 million for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation;
$73.39 million for the Nunavut Housing Corporation; and
In the amount of $12.54 million, Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments.
At this time, if there are any questions or comments, the floor is open.
Do members have any general comments?
Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was just reading the Inuktitut version and there is $32.44 million for the Department of Justice to provide Inuktitut language services to the Legislative Assembly.
So there is a difference between the Inuktitut and the 8.62 million in Inuktitut for the 8.62 for the members "offices, is that for the Legislative Assembly or is that for the Department of Justice?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Just for clarification, the Office of the Legislative Assembly is requesting $8.62 million and the Department of Justice is seeking $32.4 million.
I apologize if it wasn't translated properly, Mr. Chairman.
In the English version it is correct.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have a question in regard to the interim appropriations.
I know that there has been a lot of debate on the Financial Administration Act and the minister has indicated that there is a need for real change in the way that we provide accurate departmental services to the people of Nunavut.
Mr. Chairman, it doesn't necessarily have an impact on the bill itself, but it does have an impact on it.
I'm just wondering if there have been any changes to the way the funding is allocated and if there are any changes to the way the funding is allocated for the upcoming fiscal year.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
To date, there have been no real changes to the operations and maintenance budget. However, with respect to the capital budget, I'm sure we will see some changes in the fall. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there any more general comments?
If members have any questions on the opening comments, please proceed.
If not, we will move on to the clause-by-clause review.
Go to Bill 2 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman: Go to the Schedule on page 2, page 3 of the Inuktitut attachment, interim appropriations from April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Interim Appropriation. Total Operations and Maintenance. $491,804,000.
Thank you, Mr. Ningeongan. Do you have a question?
Mr. Maley: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm sure I should have brought this up earlier, but I have a question on the department's grants and contributions.
It is my understanding that the amounts are based on a percentage of annual spending, but some of the grants and contributions that are given out have already been spent for the whole year and as of April 1, they will be spent right away.
I just want to get some clarification on the grants and contributions. Is it the economic development officers or is it the Nunavut Housing Corporation that handles these grants and contributions? It's not an annual thing, but some of the programs are run on an annual basis.
Chairman: Thank you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Through the appropriation process, as I mentioned in my opening comments, over the last four years, the department has been looking at some of the first three months of grants and contributions.
I can state unequivocally that the Department of Community and Government Services and the Nunavut Housing Corporation are some of the largest departments. As you can see here, their grants and contributions are for operations and maintenance.
When it comes to requests for proposals, there are a number of departments that have different processes in place over the last four years for all departments; their expenditures on a quarterly basis are reviewed by the Department of Finance and they have an agreement with the departments on how their grants and contributions are administered.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Akeeagok.
I guess my next question is: Can the minister indicate if there is going to be any kind of mechanism in place for these projects or are there going to be any projects that have been put on hold or are they just going to be part of the operational process?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Ningeongan.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hopefully, by tomorrow, we will be able to look at our future budgets. We were able to set up the Fifth Assembly with the direction from the departments. It will be the same for the next three months. In May, we will be able to look at those projects again.
Ms. Towtongie.
I apologize, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to thank the minister and his officials.
In the main estimates, there's an amount of $491,804,000 on top of that.
First of all, just to clarify, in the bill, there is $8,623,000 and in the opening comments, the minister stated $8.26 million.
In total, it looks like $54,000 has been set aside.
What is the reason for the smell?
I would like to get clarification on that.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The bill is on page three of the Inuktitut version, so we're trying to get the exact figures approved.
I don't have the exact figures.
As I stated in my opening comments, I'm just trying to keep it as close to the main estimates as possible. I don't want to repeat all of the numbers, but we have reduced the numbers.
The numbers that we're looking at in the bill are not just accurate numbers.
Total Centrally Administered Funds. $491,804,000. Agreed?
Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman: Do you agree to Bill 2 as a whole?
Do members agree, pursuant to Rule 62 (2), that Bill 2 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would just like to thank my officials for preparing our government to operate until June.
Thank you very much to all the members for your support in approving this budget. I look forward to sitting here in the House during the budget session in May and June.
I thank you all.
I believe Bill 2 is concluded.
I would now like to ask the minister if he could proceed with his opening comments on Bill 3.
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like my officials to remain at the witness table. I would like to let the members know that once we go to the next department, I will be able to bring in another witness, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments.
I am pleased to present Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018, No. 3. Through this bill, the government is proposing to increase its budget by $56,602,000 for the following purposes:
$49 million for the Department of Health to cover over-expenditures in the areas of medical travel, mental health, as well as treatment, long-term care for elders, hospital doctors, and tuberculosis;
$6.2 million for the Department of Justice to cover a projected budget shortfall in the RCMP, Corrections, and Justice branches; and
There is approximately 1.402 million dollars in deficit for the Children, Family Services and Banking Services Division.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments. I look forward to responding to any questions or comments that members may have.
Do members have any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2017-2018, No. 3, Family Services. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Children and Family Services. $1,402,000.
Yes, I just saw that number and I still don't have that level of detail in front of me.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don't have the breakdown of how many there are, but there are two main areas where we are sending more people out of the territory for residential care and we have increased the number of people that we have visiting outside of the territory.
For example, there is an elder from Igloolik, from Gjoa Haven, I don't know where he is from, but he is in Ottawa so that he can get his ticket to visit, so that he can be visited.
We don't have any assistance from the Department of Family Services, but we do visit some of the communities.
The majority of our elders are sent out of the territory because they can't get the care that they need in Nunavut. As I said earlier, there are more and more visitors from the communities.
With the consolidation of all the elders "programs that the Department of Family Services is responsible for, since the transfer of the seniors" programs back to the Department of Health, is your department still responsible for that?
Some of the things that the minister mentioned are not directly related to social services.
Some of them are in the care of the Department of Health, some of them are in the care of the Department of Health, some of them want to visit and there is money available through the Department of Family Services for travel.
That was just an example. (Interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I understand that there is a requirement to visit family members who are in foster care because it's under the Department of Family Services "budget.
My question is are there still elders who are receiving social assistance that have not been transferred to the Department of Health?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) According to what I have in front of me, the information was going to be transferred over to the Department of Health.
The ones that have not been transferred to the Department of Health are still under the Department of Health and Social Services.
I'm just wondering if there are any other programs that haven't been transferred to Family Services yet. Looking at this information and looking at our business plan, I think they're all transferred over. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Maybe you are confused now, but if the Minister of Family Services could clarify that for me, I would really appreciate it.
It's up to Minister Akeeagok if he wants to defer that question to another minister.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thought the question was: Are there any individuals still in the Department of Health and Social Services?
My response was that the Department of Health is here right now, the elders "programs are there.
They are under the Department of Family Services.
The supplementary appropriation is for the Department of Family Services to see what the over-expenditures are. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for clarifying that.
I understand a little bit better now.
Maybe I'll rephrase my question to make it clearer.
Does the Department of Family Services still provide care for elders?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) Yes, there is still some work to be done for elders, but I would like the Minister of Family Services to elaborate on that.
I am aware that the government programs, such as the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, and the Department of Family Services are probably responsible for people over the age of 60 who are on income support.
If I missed anything, Minister Savikataaq can help me answer the question. (Interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank both ministers for clarifying that.
This is my last question.
When they are sent outside of Nunavut, are they still eligible for income support?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like Minister Savikataaq to respond to that question. (Interpretation ends) Thank you.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
It varies depending on the situation.
In some cases, they are eligible for income support, but I can't say that all of them are the same.
I would like to ask a detailed question on this department.
They have indicated that they are going to be giving out the surplus funds from other departments.
As it stands now, do the other departments that are here benefit the whole of Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
At the same time, most of the money was transferred from Family Services to Health from Income Support.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that answer.
When do you identify when you might be going into a deficit situation and how do you deal with the deficit situation?
I'm not sure if this has an impact on our meeting, but Minister Akeeagok.
The department reports on a monthly basis and at the end of the fiscal year slightly over budget to correct some of those over-expenditures. Where possible, we have to use a supplementary appropriation to cover those over-expenditures.
We are now on page 4.
Mr. Menon.
The information that we have in front of us indicates that the number of people in residential care continues to increase. The number of people in residential care was 189 out of a total of 243.
Do you think that the numbers are going to keep increasing?
What accounts for the increase in the number of children requiring care?
Do you know what the reasons are for the increase in the number of people requiring care?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) This number is increasing. (Interpretation) In 2013, the number of clients increased.
Given the fact that things are changing over a number of years, is that going to be taken into account in this budget right from the beginning of next year's main estimates? I don't want to be approving a supplementary appropriation to have accurate numbers in the main estimates.
Are you going to be including the population growth as well?
It may be that the trend is increasing as we go through the page-by-page review of the main estimates. It may be noticeable that we talk about the changes as time goes by and as time goes by, we look at our budgets.
I will have questions when we get to the main estimates. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In your substantiation sheet that was provided to us, there is a surplus within the department.
It also indicates that the department recently revised the Income Support Program.
I'm just wondering if the minister could indicate where that surplus was spent. Was it spent in the administration section of the Income Support Division or was it spent in the administration section or will more money be spent in the area of income support?
Which one did you increase it to?
I'm trying to understand where the surplus went, where did it go?
I'm just wondering: In terms of the Income Support Program, is that going to be a refund of the administration of the program or is that going to be an increase in the amount that the income support recipients receive? Where did that money go?
Chairman: Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) There are a number of issues with the Department of Family Services.
Some of them were hired to manage their own affairs before they moved from one department to another and some of them started working on who they are and how they work.
The government's response to that question was that they send people out to residential care for various reasons.
There are a number of factors in how the Department of Family Services has arrived at its budget shortfall for the current fiscal year. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'll leave it at that.
This information indicates that the department is, and I quote, "spending more money on income support than it actually does on income support."
Will the money that is being requested be used for the staff or will it be used for the income support office?
My colleague, Mr. Savikataaq, is in a better position to respond to that question.
Mr. Savikataaq.
The amendments to the Income Support Program have a significant impact on the finances of the department, as an example.
Under the National Child Benefit Supplement, the person who is applying for the National Child Benefit Supplement would receive a portion of their income and would be eligible for the National Child Benefit Supplement.
The child benefits were clawed back from the income support program, which is no longer the case today. Income support clients will receive more money than their family members and their child benefits will no longer be clawed back.
We are on Total Children and Family Services.
Not previously authorized, 1 million 402 thousand.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Department of Justice. $2,600,000.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Minister, welcome.
It says here, "The purchase of new drugs..." I'm wondering if the minister has any plans to introduce amendments to the Tobacco Control Act with the federal government this coming summer.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) I would like to ask you, Mr. Chairman, to have the Deputy Minister of Justice go to the witness table and respond to the member's question first.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort one of the witnesses out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your witness.
On my left is the Deputy Minister of the Department of Justice, Bill MacKay.
If it's okay with you, Mr. Chairman, can you respond to the question?
Mr. Chairman, that's a very good question from the Minister of Justice in regard to the RCMP.
This has nothing to do with marijuana.
We don't want to see any new drugs coming into Nunavut because these are new drugs and we need to learn from them and implement them in their curriculum.
In December, at the finance ministers "meeting, the funding that is going to be provided for the use of marijuana, the 25 percent of the funding that is coming from the federal government will go to the RCMP for drug testing.
This is a two-phase process.
I thank the minister for his response.
My next question is in regard to the high cost of housing in the communities.
I'm just wondering if the minister could explain why that's in there.
Chairman: Thank you, Mr. Netser.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) This relates to the RCMP getting an additional nine RCMP officers in various communities and that's why they provide staff housing.
When we have additional RCMP officers, we have to go through a government contract to get housing. The additional costs for that was in the neighbourhood of $300,000. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Menon, did you have a question?
Mr. McLean: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the minister's opening comments, he talked about the $2.6 million allocation of $300,000 for housing.
Can you break it down in more detail?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will ask my officials.
Those are the numbers that are there.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I also thank the minister for his response in regard to the $1 million for vehicles.
Why weren't these vehicles expected to be purchased?
I believe it was supposed to be in the budget.
I would like to know if this was the reason for the purchase of new vehicles.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I also thank the member for that excellent question.
This $1 million is for vehicle replacement.
We have a contract with the RCMP to see what kind of equipment is needed in the community.
Last year, the department's vehicles were not replaced due to a lack of funding.
We did try to prevent that, but over the course of this year, we have been able to address some of the deficiencies in the vehicles that they actually purchased.
That is why there has been a significant increase in this year's budget.
They have saved a lot of money, but their equipment is deteriorating all the time.
Under the RCMP contract, when they purchase this equipment, we don't want to buy it from each other too often.
However, in our discussions with the federal government, they generally come to an agreement and that is why the number seems to have gone up.
Mr. McLean: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
On the same page, one of my colleagues spoke to this issue.
I think these new drugs are probably more dangerous than drugs.
Will the equipment that is going to be inspected be made available to all the communities or will some of the equipment be made available to the communities?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) Yes, all the RCMP officers will be receiving this equipment for all the communities.
So those are the new tools that we have in place to monitor the RCMP and the general public that may be in this situation. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
With respect to drugs that are considered dangerous or dangerous, since they are starting to find drugs in our communities, have you made any plans or have you found any substances in any of the communities to date?
Yes, these newcomers to our communities are very unpleasant and I hope they have a good break.
However, two of the communities that have been impacted by the H1N1 virus are in the Northwest Territories.
I am fearful that these people will try to take advantage of drugs.
If you don't take those things away it would be a lot more fun but these things that are coming out are dangerous and I applaud the RCMP for making those plans.
Mr. Menon: I thought we were done.
That's my final question.
In regard to the lack of housing in the communities in Nunavut, perhaps you can clarify that for me.
In the document that we have provided, it states that we have added nine new RCMP officers in nine of the six communities in Nunavut that have been decentralized to various communities and they have been in need of housing.
That was just a comment.
Moving on, Mr. Hickes, do you have a question?
In this line item, the $2.6 million that you're requesting, it talks about legal interpreters going to court. You said that there were seven people that went to court. Did you also need interpreters?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) Currently, (interpretation) there are a number of additional interpreters in the hiring process.
I'm just going to leave it at that. In his opening comments, he talked about the need for a new telephone system and the need to keep the current system going.
Given the fact that they are going to have to replace the current system, will they be allocating any new funding or will they be asking for additional funding once they know the numbers from the RCMP?
Yes, this is being planned by the department and the funding that we will be requesting will be used for that purpose.
In terms of the business plan, I know that the finance ministers were there as well for the public service, but if the RCMP's plan for marijuana legislation is passed, as my colleague has mentioned, on the issue of driving tests, it's being planned, but I don't see any additional funding for marijuana. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In terms of the other correctional facilities, it's talking about overtime. Do they have full-time staff at the Baffin Correctional Centre and, if so, what is the current capacity of the Baffin Correctional Centre?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 8.
I believe he said there were eight.
Mr. Hickes (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) I would now like to ask a question. The substantiation sheet for overtime indicates that the Baffin Correctional Centre during a blizzard costs approximately $180,000. Is that correct, Mr. Chairman?
Can the minister clarify that for me?
Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that question.
Mr. MacIsaac: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
There are a lot of other security people working there. If the weather is bad, they have to stay there all the time. So, it adds to the overtime costs.
When there's a blizzard, they can't go home. Now, he said that there's going to be more people coming to work. Is there a double standard for the staff when there's a blizzard?
Mr. MacIsaac, can you clarify your question?
Yes, there are now two teams. If there is a blizzard, they are sent in right away and there are only two staff members because of the blizzard.
Mr. Lightstone.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice. The first question is, "The RCMP has identified the need for housing for nine new RCMP officers."
When you hire an RCMP, are they provided with housing on a separate basis?
I am happy to say that one of my staff, he was playing hockey and he put an arm around one of the staff members, but I am sure that he will be okay but my Deputy Minister cannot write it down.
He will have to whisper.
My question is in regard to the nine RCMP officers, the RCMP get federal housing units.
As I indicated earlier, we work very closely with the RCMP on a contract basis.
I want to make it clear that 70 percent of the RCMP costs are paid by the Government of Nunavut and 30 percent is paid by the federal government.
The RCMP is provided with a contract with the federal government. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm just wondering if the RCMP will be providing housing for all the RCMP officers?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) When the RCMP put their staff into the community, how often do they identify the number of years that they will be in the community?
They operate in a different way because they don't allow one of their officers to go out on the land.
They don't expect to get their own housing in most of the communities on a regular basis, depending on how many RCMP officers they're going to have.
Under that program, the RCMP operates differently.
When they identify a need for an RCMP detachment, they try to include all 25 communities with housing. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It is unfortunate that the RCMP does not try to make the communities an integral part of this process.
When the RCMP buys their own home, what kind of assistance is provided to them?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Lechat.
I don't think there should be that many questions here.
I don't think we should expect them to own their own homes and that's why we're providing them with housing.
Mr. Akeeagok, it's up to you if you want to speak to it.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That was a very good comment, Mr. Chairman.
Yes, the RCMP, even though they only stay for three years in the community, they do their own fundraising.
If an RCMP officer wants to get a house from the federal government, they have funding for housing.
The federal government makes their money and not us. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question is: In terms of the RCMP contract, what is the total amount of the contract that you have with the RCMP?
To the principle of the bill, page 5, there is a figure of 40 million 071 thousand.
If this is approved, it will be $42,671,000 for contract services in the 2017-18 fiscal year.
I thank the minister for that information.
For the third time in a row, the corrections division has been working overtime and casual work.
Chairman: Mr. Lightstone, we're finally on Law Enforcement so we're not there yet. Can you wait a moment for those questions?
At this time, we're on Law Enforcement, so are there any further questions?
Mr. Lightstone: Yes, finally to law enforcement.
According to the minister's letter, the total amount of money spent on legal fees was $40 million and the actual amount of money spent on legal fees is expected to increase to $30 million for law enforcement to $42 million.
What is the projected deficit of $42 million for the current fiscal year?
Perhaps if I could ask my colleague which figures he is referring to.
If he has a number, I would like to get some assistance. I sent him a letter on Friday asking for $30 million. I think I found $30 million, but if he can elaborate a little bit more on that.
The letter, dated March 16, was addressed to the Chairperson of the Regular Members "Caucus, the Minister of Finance.
The document that I am referring to is on page 4 of 5.
I would also like to thank the member for his question.
This figure of $30 million for this year to date has been used up to $30 million, and the planned amount is $42 million.
The RCMP has a report on the expenditures and how much they're going to spend. The amount that we're requesting is $2.6 million according to the RCMP figures.
I'm looking at the $2.6 million in the business plan for page 1 of the Legislative Assembly and it indicates that "The RCMP operates with outdated radio transmitters." On top of that, it also states that in the past, it has been requested.
The standing committee notes that the department is proposing to improve its governance structure. However, given the unique nature of its operations, it is required to add an additional $2.6 million to the department's budget to cover compensation and benefits for its employees and to provide training in the areas of recruitment and retention.
This is reported to be in the amount of $2.6 million for compensation and benefits and casual wages. At the same time, $2.6 million is now being reported to be used to improve the efficiency of each radio station.
Can you clarify that for me, Mr. Chairman?
My colleague, Mr. Akeeagok, had already asked questions, but if you would like to respond, it's up to you.
If you look at the breakdown that I was talking about earlier, there's another breakdown, project 3, and there's an additional $2.6 million for corrections.
There are two separate line items. One is $2.6 million and the other one is separate.
The RCMP need radio equipment, housing, vehicles, and other things that have happened in the past. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank Mr. Akeeagok for the question.
If we are talking about the 2.6 million dollars, what is the total amount of that, I don't understand that. Can you clarify that for me, please?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Ms. Towtongie.
On page 5 of our documents, we are dealing with law enforcement in the amount of 2.6 million dollars.
Further down, under Corrections, there is 2.6 million. We are not dealing with the total of that at this time. We are at 2.6 million under Law Enforcement.
Do you have any questions?
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you for that clarification.
When I read the Inuktitut version, the English version of the main estimates, in the Inuktitut version of the main estimates, it seems to be an estimate in Inuktitut.
Can you clarify what this means in the main estimates or in the 2017-18 main estimates?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) The person on my left is talking about the budget of $40 million for law enforcement.
To my right, we're in the 2017-18 fiscal year right now, which is the projection that we're projecting to be able to do a little bit more than that, and that's why we're asking the Legislative Assembly to approve the supplementary appropriation for the Department of Justice.
A total of $6.2 million, of which $2.6 million is for the RCMP.
That's what we're requesting from you, Mr. Chairman.
I was just confused because in the Inuktitut version it seems like it's an estimate, although it's an estimate.
I understand my question a little bit now, but I'll leave it at that.
We're on Law Enforcement for $2.6 million.
Next, Total Registries and Court Services, $1 million.
Total Corrections, 2 million 600 thousand.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is for the Minister responsible for Corrections and it's in regard to the annual over-expenditure of the department's budget. I just want to make sure that I remember correctly that it was over-expended in terms of overtime.
Is that correct?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is correct, the largest amount is for overtime as well as for casual employees.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to take this opportunity to clearly remember that the corrections division currently employs 12 hours a day. Is that correct?
In light of the fact that the current facility is always full and full of overtime, has the department thought about having three or eight hours of overtime, and if so, would it be possible to address that?
Perhaps through you, my Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, can respond to that question.
The member is correct that it is a 12-hour shift.
Mr. Speaker, the minimum wage is set at two hours, 42 hours a week, and 42 hours of overtime.
Under the agreement, the overtime was reduced from $4 million to $2.49 million.
As a result, the corrections division's deficit stood at $4.5 million, and then all of a sudden it's $2.6 million.
We are moving forward on the overtime costs and we will continue to do that.
I would like to remind everyone to put your cellphones on silent mode.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
They operate overtime and they work 42 hours a week.
Do the employees work 50 or 60 hours a week?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It's too detailed. We have to provide it to the House and we will provide it in writing.
My deputy minister can't answer that question.
We don't have that information with us.
I don't know how much information is required for the operation of the facility.
I would like to ask these questions.
What kind of training do they receive?
Through you, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that.
In response to that question, I believe I answered it by saying that there are additional training and development costs that will be incurred under the justice system.
At this time, we don't provide that training.
We have a trainer who is on contract and it costs a lot of money to run the overtime program, so they have to be replaced and that's why it's so expensive to run the program.
We are also looking at other ways of better planning and budgeting so that we can get more staff in the corrections and court services trained more so that we don't have to hire more contractors and teachers.
Ms. Nakasuk.
I wanted to know about the figure of 2.6 million when we were talking about staff training.
What kind of training are you going to be providing the employees or the casual employees?
Both the Corrections Division and the Nunavut Court of Justice offer on-the-job training, on-the-job training, and on-the-job training.
When a casual is hired on a contract basis, it will take a number of weeks of training to provide the necessary training to the corrections staff, such as mediation and dispute resolution training.
Can the minister indicate what programs are currently in place at the Baffin Correctional Centre?
I don't know if Mr. Akeeagok has that level of detail.
Through you, Deputy Minister MacKay, I don't know what they do, but he can elaborate a little bit on that if you will allow him.
Ms. MacIsaac.
I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I will get back to the member on what kind of training is provided to the inmates.
Depending on which low-risk offenders are in the facility, the Iqaluit Utaqqqqivik facility offers pre-trades training so that they can work with inmates, train them, and be able to work after their release from the Baffin Correctional Centre.
Akausisarvik also offers programs based on individual inmates "needs, addictions counselling, anger management counselling, case management, case management, and case management.
Even though they can't leave the correctional facility, they do receive training so that they can work in the correctional facilities that they usually graduate from high school. They also receive pre-trades training in the correctional facilities.
In Rankin Inlet, we do provide that service to the inmates.
There are different types of programs that we provide.
Mr. Nakasuk: I am finished.
We are on page 5.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance.
Total Department, not previously authorized 6 million 200 thousand.
Go to page 6.
Department of Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Mr. Akeeagok, would you like to respond?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If it's okay with you, Mr. Chairman, we will move on to another department. I would like to have my officials with me at the witness table to respond to the questions. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was going to give you an opportunity, but if you would like to take this opportunity it is okay.
Sergeant-at-Arms, you can change your officials at this time.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witness?
Chairman (interpretation): Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort one witness out and the other witness in.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your new witness.
He just walked in, to my left, the Deputy Minister of Health, Colleen Inuujaq Stockley.
Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized. Total Directorate. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser: Point of Order.
When it comes to medical travel, that's where I'm going to ask my question.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Are there any questions under Directorate.
I don't have too many questions, but when we're talking about elders "facilities in Nunavut, there are three facilities that are going to be funded from different sources.
A couple of days ago, I was asking questions about the pre-feasibility study that was being done in Igloolik and Gjoa Haven to look at expanding the elders facility.
At that time, the minister did not know how many beds were going to be used for this study.
I'm just wondering if the minister could give us an update as to what's happening with increasing the number of elders "facilities in Nunavut.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
This year, according to the pre-planning study, that's the bottom line. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Can the minister update the House today on the status of this preplanning study?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) Again, through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like the Deputy Minister of Health to respond to that because he knows a lot more about the capital planning process.
The Department of Health has been preparing last year's capital estimates for the 2017-18 fiscal year.
As the minister stated, we would like to see an expansion of the Igloolik Health Centre.
With that in mind, after the last election, I'm sure that the government was going to have a new mandate to look at the options of expanding the facility in Igloolik.
This has not gone very far, but we expect that it will move forward once we know what the government's mandate is.
In conclusion, when we talk about the use of government resources, we have identified a number of deficiencies in our infrastructure and I would like to take this opportunity to emphasize the department's role in addressing the issues that arise with the government's current approach to elder care.
I look forward to the continued progress of this project to maximize the use of existing facilities and to identifying opportunities within the territory for new infrastructure that is currently on the waiting list.
That was more of a comment.
This is in regard to my colleague's question in regard to the operations of the elders "homes.
I would like to know what the breakdown is for that $900,000.
How is that going to be divvied up between the homes?
This $900,000 is for the three regions for a total of $300,000 for each of the three elders.
Mr. Mike (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) I'm just wondering, in the opening comments, it talks about these facilities being contracted out to non-profit organizations in Nunavut.
What is the process by which the department determines whether or not to go over budget?
The three communities that are run by non-government entities have just come up with new contracts and that's one of them.
If there is a need to increase or decrease, then the Department of Health and Social Services and the Public Agencies Council meet regularly.
Whenever there is a need to deliberate on these issues, we collaborate on these issues.
Those are the types of things that we're going to be working on to make sure that we comply with federal and territorial legislation.
In here, it talks about the three facilities that have just opened and require level 2 and 3 care. There are a number of factors that indicate that the majority of these facilities are residential care facilities that are aging.
Going back to the funding, do you anticipate that over the next few years, the costs will continue to go up or will they continue to go up or are we getting enough funding now?
At the beginning of the contract, there were three that were handled by the Department of Family Services.
The Department of Health finally took over the contract in April of 2017.
The information that we provided to the member was that the Department of Health was a little bit different than the Department of Family Services in terms of the level of care that they were receiving.
There were a number of recommendations that came out of the food price survey.
When we looked at the contract, the elders "facilities were not able to provide the level of care that they should have.
We're projecting a deficit of $855,000 from last year and we're asking for a supplementary appropriation of almost $900,000 right now.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but when you look at the funding for mental health, it's for all of Nunavut.
When a person is undergoing a traumatic event, we tend to go through hardships.
Is there any talk of setting aside some money for mental health treatment?
We are here, we are just talking about additional funding for operations and maintenance because we are not talking about the actual costs.
I don't think this is appropriate in this House or in any other way.
Do you have any further questions, Ms. Towtongie?
Thank you for that clarification.
In terms of the mental health contract for 2017-18, I believe it was $16.7 million. What is the status of that contract?
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, in regard to the $5.9 million that the member is asking about, it's included in the $43.1 million.
The details of the $16 million and the $10 million are in there.
If I can, through you, have Deputy Minister Stockley elaborate on the details of the $10 million, if you will allow her to respond.
Yes, that's very good to hear because Nunavummiut are asking for help and this is very good to hear.
We have seen an increase in the demand for alcohol and drug treatment programs.
I know that they have mental problems and they have addictions.
There are also costs that are outside of the Department of Health and Social Services that are covered by the Department of Justice. There are also court-ordered treatment programs that go through the Department of Justice.
Before we proceed to the Directorate, we will take a five-minute break. We will take a break.
> > Committee recessed at 18: 03 and resumed at 18: 10
I would like to call the committee meeting back to order.
Total Health and Social Services. $43,100,000.
In the out-of-territory long-term care for our elders, you have identified a need for dementia care.
We don't have a dementia care facility in Nunavut.
That's what I'm interested in.
Are they looking at setting up a dementia care facility in Nunavut?
It's one of them right now but it's not at the top of the list.
Those are the types of things that are being worked on at this time.
Also on the same page, out-of-territory long-term care, the last line item in there is the out-of-territory residential care budget for the Department of Health.
It kind of woke me up that the minister's letter, broken down by department, did not include anything in there about the over-expenditure.
I'm just wondering if the department is going to be spending the whole budget in this area.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. On page 6, the first item, $5.9 million, not previously authorized, is for out-of-territory long-term care for elders within the Department of Health's budget.
So that's why we're requesting $5.9 million for elder care and we're sending them to the appropriate facilities. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is more directed to the Department of Health in terms of their over-expenditures from other areas of their budget.
Perhaps through you, if I make a mistake, Deputy Minister Stockley can correct me.
I think that was the question, but I can respond by saying that the over-expenditures are not being used by the Department of Health.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the clarification.
This is money that has not been spent within the department, so it is money that has not been spent that we are transferring.
At this point in time, we're trying to bring the deficit into line with the overall budget of the Department of Health, which is $49 million.
The letter that I just sent, which will be translated today, was sent in English on Friday, and the attachment doesn't have a number when you look at the over expenditures.
That's a very small amount when you look at the over-expenditure that we're proposing here. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I do appreciate the appendix that you mentioned about the outpost camps, but what I was referring to in the letter that we received from the minister on page 4 is the breakdown of the programs and funding.
Under Family Services, are they showing a surplus that they can use again?
I'm just wondering why the department hasn't done that.
No one in the Department of Health indicated that there was going to be a surplus.
On page 5, it indicates that Health and Social Services will require an additional $49 million dollars. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
This is not about the divisions of the Department of Health, it's about their programs.
The Department of Health, as we all know, has a significant budget surplus in the areas of nursing, human resources, information technology, and human resources. There have been over $1 million in surpluses over the last few years.
Can the minister provide us with a breakdown of all the Department of Health programs that have surpluses and surpluses?
You're asking for a lot of detailed information that might not be available at this time.
Minister Akoak.
Mr. Akeeagok, go ahead.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for recognizing me.
We don't have that level of detail.
We will be able to table it in the House at a later date Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It's for the elders "facilities, it's for the operations of the elders" facilities.
In the second bullet, it indicates that "Currently, elders facilities are operated under contract by a non-profit Nunavut organization."
I just want to say that this is very good for the people of Nunavut and for the organizations.
I would hope that they would be able to hire as many contractors as they can.
Just to go on to a different bullet here, it says,... "to provide 24-hour care for elders..." I understand that the Department of Health provides 24-hour, 7-day a week care in accordance with the Public Health Act.
The elders have to be operated according to the regulations that are in place.
My question for the minister: Can the minister tell the House if the Department of Health and Social Services is working with the Department of Health to ensure that elders "facilities in Nunavut are up to minimum standards?
I responded to that question a little bit earlier.
We have a new contract in place and this increase is due to the Department of Health's compliance with the terms and conditions of the contract.
If there is no compliance, then the interpreters and the Department of Health meet with each other to make sure that they're adhering to the policy.
Mr. Mester.
Can you clarify if these elders "facilities are up to minimum standards of care?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
Right now it is a new contract and we have added 900 thousand dollars to the 5.9 million dollars that is in there.
The three departments have indicated that they will be trying to keep up with the demand, but they haven't really reached the level of care that the elders need.
The minister stated that they are trying to keep up with the demand. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you.
He's starting to have a sore throat and I'm getting too quiet.
In regard to medical travel, I have asked for $50 million and I have brought this up many times in the House about medical patients who don't have an appointment, especially my constituents, who go down to Winnipeg, and then they find out that they don't have an appointment.
I'm just wondering if the Department of Health has a list of all the people that were on medical travel that were cancelled prior to their arrival in Winnipeg and if the department has a list of those individuals and how much they spent on medical travel and accommodation. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Minister of Health has committed to doing a review of all the patients and the patients that have not been seen or have had any changes as a result of their appointments.
One of the things that the government is really looking at right now is identifying and trying to find out where the loopholes were.
It's something that our colleagues have been asking about and they have seen it in the past and that's something that we would like to include in the review.
I would like to thank the member for raising that issue and it's something that we can look at together.
This will be part of the review and we will make sure that the appointments are made by the doctors. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation) Yes, I look forward to the results of the review.
Just recently, on February 26, the federal government allocated a large amount of money to the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, I believe it was $82 million, of which $80 million was set aside for tuberculosis research.
Has the Department of Health made a request or is it possible for Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami to help us out because we were given some funding by the government or has our government talked to the federal government to see if they can pay for the tuberculosis program?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That's a very good question.
At this time, the federal government has announced that the 2018-19 budget will be used to support Inuit-specific TB initiatives and it also states in there that Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami will be allocated funding over the next five years for this project.
Currently, the committee is made up of a working group made up of representatives from Inuit communities and the Department of Health and Social Services is a member of that committee.
At this time, the additional funding that was going to be provided by the federal government and myself as the Minister of Finance, I haven't seen the details yet.
I look forward to getting more details on that. If Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami is doing a good job and they understand us, we are working with the Department of Health.
That is how it is set up.
We will be kept informed by the minister on the progress of the project. That's a very good question.
I would like to ask another question in regards to the concerns of the patients.
In this case, the medical travel patients don't have any control over the breeding of their children and the costs increase as a result of contracts.
With the projected deficit of $15 million, does the Department of Health have an idea of why the costs are increasing so much?
The 5.6 percent is expected to be an annual increase, but what factors account for this increase?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like my Deputy Minister, Ms. Stockley, to respond to that question.
Medical travel and medivac travel are increasing on an annual basis.
More and more medical clients are just getting on the plane and more people are getting on the plane, so it's a good thing that they're being diagnosed early enough that they're being sent out.
Tuberculosis has been a very difficult issue to deal with and it is one of the lowest rates in all of Canada.
Just to give you an example.
I think there were about 60 medevacs that were required in December.
At this time of year, in the spring time, there is a lot of pressure on the lungs to be able to breathe properly.
Combined with regular medical travel and emergency medical travel, the number of medical travel clients has increased.
Mr. Chairman, I'm not going to get into the details of the increase, but I'm just trying to get a sense of what the rationale is for the increase.
Will our population in Nunavut be healthy? Are they getting more sick?
My question is: Are we catching up or are we being left behind due to the number of sick people?
I'll ask Deputy Minister Stockley to answer that question.
Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, with the national shortage of health care and food, overcrowding is one of the major causes of health problems and we have made some progress in that area, but I'm hopeful that it will alleviate some of the housing shortage.
In addition to that, we have also added the marshalling yard at the Baffin Regional Hospital.
What we do is we try to reduce the amount of medical travel.
We are moving forward.
One of the other regions is going to be using the telehealth system in the three regions.
You will be hearing more about the operations and maintenance budget as we go forward.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I look forward to that when we get to the main estimates.
Based on the mental health over-expenditure of $10.5 million, when you hear the other one, it's an ongoing issue, but it's a very important one.
In reviewing the substantiation sheets, it doesn't state what the reason is for the $10.5 million increase.
In your department, are you encouraging more people with mental health issues to get into the workforce and, if so, what is the reason?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
During the Fourth Legislative Assembly, the issue of suicide was raised as an urgent need for the government to take action.
With the hiring of physicians and providing services in our communities, we will continue to do that and we will continue to do that. We have not trained individuals to be able to provide diagnoses to doctors.
It is going to change the lives of our constituents and make sure that the Members of the Legislative Assembly and the public are kept up to date on this issue.
My last question is in regard to the Mental Health Training Program: How many clients are currently receiving care outside of the territory for mental health issues?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 64.
How did it change in the past? How did it change in the past?
We don't have that information in front of us, but if the member wants that information, we can certainly provide it to him during the main estimates process.
Moving on to a different topic, the Qikiqtarjuaq TB study, I'm sure all of us agree that this is very encouraging to hear.
As it states here, will that equipment be kept by the Department of Health and Social Services in other communities or will it be kept in the smaller communities?
Through you, I would like to have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that question.
Will the property assessment be done through the capital planning process?
I want to get lost.
Your equipment, although it's under capital, I would like to get further clarification.
Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like my Deputy Minister, Ms. Stockley, to respond to that.
Those are the larger assets that came from the federal government.
The funding that we received from the federal government, for example, was for wobbly wheelers, wobbly wheels, bandages, beds, and all of the other things that the Department of Health and Social Services has done in terms of travelling on a traditional basis.
Mr. McLean: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question, I'm sure it's my last question.
Under the Health Services Delivery Strategy, you said that you are recruiting agency nurses and contract nurses. The department has been very successful in reducing the number of services provided by agency nurses.
I would like to ask, in this year's expenditures, in previous years, what changes have been made to the amount of money that is being spent in this area?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Instead of using agency nurses, we are using more and more nurses here in Nunavut.
From last year to date, we have been using more indeterminate nurses.
My last question.
If I could get the breakdown of the 8.6 million dollars I would appreciate it.
Broken down by department, for the 2017-18 fiscal year, there was a full-time employee shortfall of $52.5 million; casual staffing over-expenditures of $45.3 million, overtime expenditures of $15.7 million, and agency nurses over-expenditures of $0.1 million, for a total over-expenditure of $8.6 million.
I just have one question and I would like to get into the breakdown of what we're talking about, and then add to Mr. Maine's question.
I'm not going to get into the details of the three.
If there is a nurse in Sanikiluaq, if there is an emergency in the middle of the night, then there has to be overtime. I know that the staff has to work overtime.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) All of the nurses are over-qualified.
I know the minister has been answering questions today on what the department is doing to recruit nurses.
I will leave that alone for now.
I would just like to comment on that. When we're reviewing the budget of the Department of Health, we're looking at doctors, contractors, mental health workers, and medical travel.
The number for mental health and addictions has changed drastically from last year. I believe it was 6.8- 7.8 million dollars in last year's supplementary appropriation.
In my earlier comments on the budget process, what changes have been made? The Minister of Finance indicated that they haven't made any changes at this time, but I believe that there are real changes that need to be made because we're always going back and forth for supplementary appropriations.
Just to let them know that they're going to have to go over their budget and not have to come up with a supplementary appropriation.
That was just a comment, but I would like to hear from the minister on that comment.
I think that's exactly what we're looking at. We're seriously looking at what the Members of the Fifth Assembly are considering and we've been in discussions with some of the departments, Health and Justice, on an ongoing basis to come up with a supplementary appropriation.
I think we need to take some action. I'm very happy that we're talking about this in the main estimates and I'm working very closely with my colleagues on this.
I responded to some of the health issues since I have been the Minister of Health that have always been referred to as the Department of Health, which is very sensitive to the Department of Health.
I think it's important that we work within the budget framework to make sure that we get the right numbers, but I think we need to make sure that we don't change the way the budget process is done.
We will have to go through the Legislative Assembly to make those changes.
One of my colleagues in the Regular Members "Caucus raised a very important issue.
I am also like that because we have to work closely together as Members of the Legislative Assembly, we really need that.
The 2017-18 over-expenditures are some of the challenges that we face. I look forward to working with the Premier and the Members of the Legislative Assembly on these processes. Even though we shouldn't be here today, if we know exactly how much we spent on departments, we shouldn't be coming back to the House because we should know what our budget is.
I just wanted to make that comment and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for giving me the opportunity.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
I appreciate the minister recognizing that there is room for improvement.
I just wanted to reiterate, as the Minister of Justice has indicated, the issue of overtime for nurses and other health care professionals is a recurring issue that I have brought up over the last three and a half years.
Again, I think it's important to recognize, as the Minister responsible for Human Resources, what steps are taken to ensure that the government has the capacity to fulfill its responsibilities?
As we move forward in developing our existing organizational structure, if we were to fill those positions where there are weaknesses, Mr. Maine talked about how challenging positions in the government can be to deal with the stress and pain that some of our employees are under, but to go back a little bit, we have to look at how we can move forward to fill those positions within the government.
In terms of overtime, I would like to know a little bit more about moving forward on where the priorities are and what the initiatives are so that we can look forward to seeing what we can do.
That was just a comment.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have one question in regard to the mental health contract. In the fourth bullet, it says, "The Department of Justice covers the costs of medical travel." Is that included in the $10.5 million?
I'll make it brief. Yes, they are.
Mr. Lightstone, do you have any further questions?
My last question is in regard to Mr. Maine and Mr. Hickes "line of questioning.
The last part of that is the hospital staffing shortfall of $8.6 million. That's just an indication of the $143 million that you have identified, which is $151 million to $8.6 million.
Is that for all the compensation and benefits for the department?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) Yes, these are for compensation and benefits.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Is that 151 million 100 percent accurate?
There is a $25 million increase in compensation and benefits.
I don't think the funding has ever been at 100 percent.
As I stated earlier, for casual employees, if I add up the overtime, I think what we have been trying to say is that we are requesting $8.6 million in our main estimates for compensation and benefits. I think that's the closest we can get.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It's never 100 percent accurate. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the very near future there have been a lot of things written down.
Moving on to the minister's opening comments on page 4, under Medical Travel Policy, there is $63.8 million budgeted for this fiscal year from 2017-18.
I'm just wondering why the money was set aside for the 2016-17 fiscal year.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Mr. Chairman, I don't have the figures for 2016-17 in front of me.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lightstone, we're dealing with 2016-17, not 2017-18.
Please keep in mind that in 2016-17, I'll leave it at that.
My question was in regard to the medical travel budget last year. I would like to know how much the department is going to allocate for the fiscal year 2018-19.
For the 2017-18 fiscal year, it's not anticipated that Mr. Akeeagok may not have the figures in front of him, but Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) In May, we will be discussing the budget for the fiscal year 2018-19. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We are voting on the interim appropriation for 2017-18. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The other point that I'm making is that there are some discrepancies in the way the budget is presented and the way the budget is presented on an annual basis, and I would hope to be in a position in the next fiscal year to be able to bring forward an actual request to the Department of Health for O & M.
So in this House I don't want to see additional funding on an annual basis.
If it's going to be the same process as it used to be, I would like to know the details of the department's operations and maintenance at that time.
That's just a comment.
Chairman: Mr. Qirngnuq, do you have a question?
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don't want to ask one question, but I'll ask it in English so that I'll be clear on the medical travel. The third bullet is for April. There is an increase in scheduled medical travel from last year. (Interpretation ends) Hon. Minister, (interpretation) can you clarify that for me?
It's talking about the increase in the number of people who have to go on medical travel. There are more people who have to go on maternity leave than there are in other jurisdictions.
However, the number of people who have to go on medical travel is increasing.
Mr. Mikkungwak, do you have a question?
I apologize, I thought you had your hand up.
We are on Health and Social Services. Operations and Maintenance.
If you go down to the bottom, the total department is 49 million.
Not previously authorized.
Go back to page 2. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Schedule 1. Operations and Maintenance.
Go to Bill 3 in your legislation binder.
I apologize, let me go back a little bit.
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018.
Chairman: Go to Schedule on page 2. Schedule. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18. Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Total Supplementary Appropriation. $56,602,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to Bill 3 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 3 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing remarks?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) I would like to take this opportunity to thank my officials for their hard work in putting together the best estimates for the coming year.
With that, we will be able to make changes to the budget.
Before we move on to the next bill, we will move on to the next bill.
Thanks to her hard work, she will now be able to stand up.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you. Did you want another witness in?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witness out.
We will move on to Bill 4.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed with your opening comments.
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appear before you today to present Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
Through this bill, the government is requesting an additional $96,000 for 2017-18.
This supplementary appropriation will provide the Department of Community and Government Services with non-cash assistance in the amount of $96,000, in the form of interest earned during negotiations, in the development of leases for the Nunavut Construction Corporation Legislative Assembly building, as well as nine Government of Nunavut offices across the territory.
I would be pleased to take questions.
Are there any general comments on the minister's opening comments?
Since this is the first time that I have said this, I would like to know why we have to do this.
Is the Department of Community and Government Services unable to find its own capital funds?
We're trying to be as transparent as possible to the public as possible.
There would be no revenue coming in, but the interest rates were higher than expected. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018. Community and Government Services. Not Previously Authorized. Total Community Programs. $96,000.
Go to page 2.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-2018, No. 4. Schedule 1. Capital.
Go to Bill 4 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018, No. 1. Do you agree?
Chairman: Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2.
Schedule. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2018-2018. Vote 2.
Capital Expenditures. Total Capital Expenditures. $96,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree to Bill 4 as a whole?
Chairman: Do you agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 4 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
On behalf of the Office of the Auditor General and the Department of Finance, I would like to thank all of you for approving this appropriation.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
As we have concluded the Committee of the Whole, I now recognize the clock and would like to report progress to the Speaker.
Speaker: Returning to the Orders of the Day.
Mr. Rumbolt.
Your committee has been considering Bills 2, 3, and 4 and would like to report that Bills 2, 3, and 4 are immediately ready for third reading.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the Report of the Committee of the Whole be agreed to.
I thank Mr. Ningeongan for the question.
All those in favour of the motion.
Item 21.
Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Third Reading
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Aggu, that Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018, be read for the third time.
To the motion.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
The motion is carried and Bill 2 is ready for assent.
Third Reading of Bills.
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Third Reading
I move, seconded by...
It has been a long day.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, that Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018, be read for the third time.
The motion is carried and Bill 3 is ready for assent.
Item 21, Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet South and Whale Cove, that Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018, be read for the third time. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion.
Thank you. The motion is carried and Bill 4 is ready for assent.
Mr. Clerk, can you ascertain if the Commissioner of Nunavut is prepared to enter the chamber to give assent to bills.
Assent to Bills
Commissioner Nellie Kusugak (interpretation): Members of the Legislative Assembly, please be seated.
Welcome.
As Commissioner of Nunavut, I am pleased to give assent to the following bills:
Bill 1, Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 2, 2018-2019;
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018;
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018; and
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
It was only a few months ago that I swore my oath of office to the Legislative Assembly.
Since then, you have worked hard to create new programs and services that are representative of Nunavut and Nunavummiut.
Tomorrow, June 20 is going to be the beginning of spring and we expect that it will be a beautiful day.
As a result, I hereby prorogue the Fifth Session of the First Legislative Assembly and summon all members to meet in this Chamber at 1: 30 p.m. tomorrow for the opening of the Second Session.
Speaker (interpretation): Before we go to Item 22, I have an announcement to make.
As Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Chairperson of the Order of Nunavut Advisory Council, it is with great pride that I rise today to announce the recipients of this year's Order of Nunavut.
On January 1, 2010, the Order of Nunavut Act came into force.
It is meant to recognize individuals who have made outstanding contributions to our communities.
This award is the Government of Nunavut's highest honour for all recipients of awards, medals, or medals.
To date, 15 individuals have received the Order of Nunavut.
These individuals have been recognized for their hard work and dedication to a wide range of issues including public service, education, language advocacy, diversity of leadership, and growth.
I am especially proud to announce the two recipients of this year's Council of the Federation Literacy Award, Ms. Betty Brewster and Mr. Lootie Palluq.
I am very pleased that we are able to live with Mr. Pudluk.
Welcome, Mr. Palluq.
As you know, one of my colleagues, Ms. Betty Brewster, has been a well-known interpreter for many years.
In 2016, she was also recognized for her work and dedication to the work of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit.
Mr. Palluq, was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of public service, Mr. Pudluk represented the High Arctic communities and was a key participant and leader in the process of establishing Nunavut.
I am pleased to announce that the Order of Nunavut Advisory Council will be established by Ms. Bruce and Mr. Pudluk during the spring 2018 sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
The presentation will take place in this House and will be broadcast across Nunavut.
I am very proud to announce that Commissioner Nellie Kusugak will be the recipient of the Order of Nunavut. I look forward to inviting all Members of this House to join me in celebrating this momentous day.
We will now proceed to the orders of the day.
Item 22, Orders of the Day.
Orders of the Day for March 20:
Opening Address
This House stands adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, 2018, at 1: 30 p.m.
> > Committee of the Whole adjourned at 19: 25
Hon. David Akeeagok
Hon. Patterk Angnakak
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for Elders "Issues; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Ikkidluak
Minister of Justice; Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation; Minister responsible for the Status of Women; Minister of Human Resources
George Hickes
Hon. David Joanasie
Minister of Culture and Heritage; Minister of Education; Minister of Languages; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Joelie Kaunak
Mila Kamingoak
Hon. Paul Kusugak
Minister of Community and Government Services; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Adam Lightstone
Aaron Main
Arviat North-Whale Cove (Arviat)
Simeon Mikkungwak
Margaret Nakashuk
Patterk Netser
Emiliano Qirngnuq
Good afternoon, Mr. Netser.
Hon. Paul Quassa
Deputy Premier; Minister of Family Services; Minister responsible for Homelessness; Minister responsible for Immigration
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik
Government House Leader; Minister of Economic Development and Transportation; Minister of Energy; Minister of Environment
Qaani Towtongie
Progress Reverend visits St. Jude's Cathedral in Nunavut
The north as a whole is now connected to what is happening tonight.
Chloe Rodney Howard-Brown, Reverend Ignatius from Florida, preached Iqaluit on August 27th. "
Aspiring Photographer Thomas Ronald (Rankin Inlet)
Betsy Thomas Romano Nunatsiaq News
Mr. Speaker, Christianity is best known for its actions on climate change, faith and economic development. The world will eliminate Christians who do not believe in Christianity and who came to the Iqaluit cathedral on August 27. "
Lady Rodney Harbours-Brown, from Chad in South Africa who moved to Judith Street, told attendees in the Thompson Bay area last year that world leaders gave her dishes and drinks in person's blood to donate. "
He was stuck for over an hour at the Iqaluit Cathedral for over 100 people.
But their information is not for everyone.
The north as a whole right now is connected to what is happening this evening.
If you want the light to go on, please stand here in the foyer of the church, or you can go out. "
"It's up to you," Minister Brown said after two and a half hours of work. "
Approximately 50 people were in attendance.
Mr. Speaker, I did not fly several thousand miles to participate in the games.
Mr. Speaker, I did not come here to be liked, and I did not come here to seek your consent to remember: Jesus was alive and died, and he asked me to leave the room and go to the people. "
There were more people in attendance than there were infants, youth and elders. "
Inside the St. Jude's Christian Baptist Church in the Iqaluit Rochester area, children running around in between chairs. "
Outside the building, the church and the Mascot are facing each other just outside the parking lot, with the two facing each other in Ted's Lake. "
Mr. Herbert-Brown's position was one of the scheduled events of the Bill Francis Evangelical Association's Arctic Hope Project, in Ottawa. "
The association did not respond to Nunatsiaq News "request for comment on the issue.
Mr. Speaker, the Minister's Task Force, which is 119th out of 300 to attend community events, began after an hour of activities. "
Mr. Speaker, first of all, the Iqaluit Baptist Church choir started the evening in Iqaluit after the Ethnic Reverend Louis Arreak, who helped to start the Christian Church. "
The Reverend Eric Garner, who is a pastor at the Howard-Brown Rifle Church in Enugu, spoke for 40 minutes on behalf of the president. "
Hon. Louis Arreak, Iqaluit musician and singer, sung by Rodney Howard-Brown before he spoke. "
A photograph of the Riverside Ministerial Institution (i.e. Reykjavik)
Our Lady of God loves her generosity and generosity.
Mr. Gonzalez is asking attendees to submit their email addresses to the registrar and to follow him on the Hard-Brown Instagram Instagram page.
They gave him the permits to buy the Howard-Brown Christianity goods.
She captures and introduces Howard Brown's book, The Killer of the Plate, which she talks about the experiences of the controversial industry over the past 200 years. "
Mr. Speaker, this is a reference to a racist Christianity, and that's exactly what it says.
Mr. Gonzalez then filmed an 18-minute clip of Mr. Howard-Brown's teachings on evangelicals.
At the end of the video, Hodgson-Brown prayed that those who donate money to the Church of God would be given something for the spiritual protection of the church. "
"Dear God loves him so much," Howard-Brown said in her video.
Garnia was very proud of her parents at the end of the video.
One of them is to skate and one is to gather and celebrate the vegetation, so if you skimp on something, go to your church. "
This is amazing.
He then gave these people a bag and these people told them that they had the best gift for their souls, or the money, or the money to go to RMI Canada, using the card or their cell phone. "
Mr. Speaker, I have always told people, the biggest source of revenue not to go to the senators or to the new telephone system is to let them use it for church promotion and spiritual reconciliation. "
Is that what it means?
Many people filled out the forms and taped the bags and put them in the blue box for the summer.
Some of them just turned around and held the bag in their hands.
One woman in particular wrapped it in an empty bottle and put it in her mouth.
This program is intended to help many of the country's most vulnerable residents: More than half of Nunavut's population rely on social assistance, such as food security, food security, and housing.
Chloe Howard-Brown did not respond to an interview in Nunatsiaq News, so it is not clear how much she made. "
His income is kept secret but his website says he builds capacity in 158 communities.
It also states that people who wish to participate in the aviation assistance program may be eligible for income tax deductions.
Mr. Gonzalez said he asked the attendees to raise their hands and hold a gift to the Riverside Church.
"Dear Father, we thank you for this gift, and thank you for representing your soul, please go to your bank account," Gonzalez said.
Three of the 1 units were filled to capacity.
Rodney Howard-Brown directs the woman on top of her hand that she will be touching.
Does Reverend Patterk Netser call him a friend
Mr. Speaker, Reverend Evans is already very much based in Nunavut, with escorts in most communities. "
The number of large conferences held annually and, in the mid-2000 "s, continues to increase."
One of the members of the task force involved in this type of conference, Roger Armstrong, told Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that the conference is "a very strong voice for issues that affect people's lives, such as violence and abuse."
But Howard-Brown's guidance on investing in reacquisitions and technology may be a new one for Nunavut.
Patterk Netser, a long time advocate for the values of Christianity and now Nunavut's Minister of Housing and Nunavut Arctic College, has called Harvard-Brown's typewriters, Askimo's friend, who has told her that climate change is "completely wrong."
Mr. Netser declined to be interviewed for an interview with Nunatsiaq News but said, "He is a friend of mine and we talk to each other."
When asked to respond to Mr. Hodgson on numerous occasions in the media about his conflicts of interest, I also suggested that the United States Supreme Court should shoot down the United States Constitution because it's not fair, Mr. Netser said, "I don't care about what's happening in the United States."
My main concern is for my constituents and the people of Nunavut.
Chloe Rodney Howard-Brown, Reverend Ignatius from Florida, preached in Iqaluit on August 27.
Power will be restored tonight on the ice
During the hourly event, Mr. Hodgson-Brown's main focus was on the Bishop's table. "
The theme for tonight's lighting ceremony is "The Reverend says that more than 100 people, more people than ever, age differently."
Mr. Minister, if you don't want the light to go on, just go and run to the door with your talents. "
Mr. Speaker, during the hour, Mr. Hodgson-Brown's voice would be loud and clear.
He would stop and tell us what was going to happen, and he would tell us what to do, and he would laugh about it.
I know that I am not from Africa, I am because my parents used to let me in, never let me out.
Moses was the first one to set up an office.
The first one broke down and he had to go back and pick up another one.
And Adamie and Evie were the first ones who made the Apple products.
Chuck Howard-Brown became well known, for one reason or another, and he would laugh at the meetings and the people who attended would laugh at him. "
Her grandson was approached by a breath when he was two years old, and she laughed for 12 minutes before stopping, as Harvard-Brown said.
Harvard-Brown has received numerous complaints from other Ethiopians who have admired the world.
She has been called a missionary for things like religious teachings that make me laugh and go through a whole bunch of other things.
Mr. Arreak, who is a Iqaluit-based singer and contributor to this project, took the time to laugh at the members of the community. "
Mr. Speaker, this is not a memorial service. Why are people sad about it? "
Ms. Brown said.
Mr. Arreak.
We serve Jesus and he is alive.
Mr. Arreak's voice is loud and laughing.
Mr. Speaker, I like the idea of "Reverend Arreak," and his laughter is even louder. "
Howard-Brown is laughing with laughter while the others are laughing at each other.
Thank you, Mr. Minister, for having a good time.
Be happy with the water you can get, from the water tanks to the maximum. "
When Mr. Arreak's house suddenly fell off the roof of the house, he was paying for his rent.
Mr. Speaker, this is a very serious issue.
No one is going to be arrested tonight.
Mr. Arreak, who in Nunatsiaq News says he doesn't want to speak to the media, is laughing again. "
Ms. Howard-Brown also spoke in plain language, saying that the word was understood in an aboriginal language by the late Barbara Ginnie as "Missionary."
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the minister for his response.
He said, "Thank you, Mr. Speaker."
Rodney Howard-Brown is inviting guests to the chapel's side so they can get a bright breath of fresh air.
Some of them are not laughing
But many of Howard-Brown's teachings do not resonate with her as a laughing matter of fact.
They would jump out of the way before he imitated them.
Without touching the attendees, Howard-Brown had a couple of people complaining about them before they left. "
Where did you go?
Mr. Hickes.
Heath!
You almost got out of here.
Mr. Howard-Brown says to one man that he was silent when he left the church.
They came in and took pictures on the phone and went out. "
You are a daily journalist here.
The audience was laughing.
Is it okay for me to take it back and find out the money and why they are taking it and why they are taking it out?
Mr. Hodgson asked the priest to come in and after the priest, Mr. Hodgson-Brown suddenly grabbed the two ladies in the back seat because he didn't like the way they looked at them. "
Have you been revived?
"What are you guys, Jehovah Whistling"
Attendees are laughing.
Mr. Speaker, I have never seen people sitting right on the other side of the bowels of the bowels.
So you can jump up and down and down, or maybe you're better than everybody else. "
These two ladies stood up and went out.
I'm just trying to ask a question.
I like to do that, it's my job. "
I know what the human body is like.
You don't care about me.
It's not a laughing matter.
The north as a whole is now linked to what is happening tonight.
Event staff are telling attendees not to take pictures or record them.
However, Mr. Speaker, these people filmed the entire event. "
Even the people who were running were crying when Howard-Brown touched them and they took pictures of them close by.
Photographs from the Riverside Church website show dozens of attendees suffering from what appears to be facial injuries, including mice, mouth masks, or just falling on the floor. "
A woman with Harvard-Brown's hand up on the floor is crying and she is on the bottom of the table.
In front of him, Mr. Howard-Brown and his staff approached him to make an impact on the couple. "
This event was originally geared towards St. Jude's.
Mr. Speaker, this event was originally intended to be held at the St. Jude's Anglican Cathedral in Iqaluit, but was changed. "
In fact, this change was changed by guest Howard Brown, author of Saint Joamie's essay.
David Parsons, the Anglican Bishop of the Arctic, said he did not know that Mr. Howard-Brown would be ordained as St. Jude's.
If he had known about it, he says he would have stopped it because Howard-Brown was too much. "
As a result, the local Anglican Church did not meet the requirements for approval by the Bishop for their activities, Ms. Parsons said.
The St. Jude's Anglican Church is dealing with an issue that is obviously sensitive, and they deal with other clergy, "Parsons said.
Mr. Speaker, there is a strong sense of respect for each other, and it is not enough to deal with the religious denomination and the congregation that goes there. "
Mr. Howard-Brown's work seems to be the other way around.
I am not here to do what the religious people want me to do.
Mr. Speaker, if the issue of religion in the north were to be addressed, what would be done in the north?
I don't come for invitations.
Where you need to be able to have good lighting, you need to be able to be welcoming. "
With limited attendance, Canada has quietly launched a new northern policy document. "
The Liberals say this is a new policy that brings about a large change in direction.
Many sea cucumbers grow in Bathurst Inlet, Nunavut. "
In a speech to the federal government the next day, the Liberal government issued a long awaited northern policy statement. "
Minister's Statement (photographs)
Bert Jim Bell
On the day before the federal election campaign began, the Liberal government, with little consultation, began the long awaited northern and northern policy framework on September 10. "
Mr. Speaker, this letter, which marks the first time such an initiative has been undertaken, will replace the former Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper's 2009 Northern Strategy and Mr. Harper's government's 2010 address to Northern Canada's foreign policy. "
This is intended to guide federal policy in the north up to 2030 but there is no implementation plan or political direction for future action.
In terms of the work that is going to be done in phase two, the action plan says. "
In spite of that, this initiative from Caroline Plunkett, Minister of Government-Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development, she stated that this policy document "reflects the large changes that have been directed to the federal government."
The introduction of this policy has been delayed as expected.
During the Minister's Statement this winter, Mr. Barnabas stated that this policy would be introduced in June.
CBC News reported earlier this month that a news release from Yellowknife in August was cancelled.
There are eight guiding principles, eight guiding principles, and ten guiding principles. "
The document discusses a number of policy issues, including community and regional economic development, infrastructure development, aboriginal rights, environmental protection, national defence and foreign policy. "
When Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, on December 20, 2016, announced that his government would be developing a new policy, he even stated that a devolution agreement would be negotiated between the territorial government and the aboriginal organizations. "
As a result, more than 25 aboriginal groups, including the Government of Nunavut, the Government of the Northwest Territories, the Yukon, Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland-Labrador, participated in the consultations. "
Through the co-operation of the Canadian Northern and Northern Policy Forum, our partners have helped us to understand and raise awareness of specific rights and options for the different territories, responsibilities and residency rights of all northerners, "she said in a news release.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Minister and some of the other partners have also written down their activities, which are reflected in a separate policy document. "
Some of the comments do not refer to federal policy.
For example, the Inuit Tapirisat Kanatami, the Government of Nunavut, the Government of the Northwest Territories and the three territorial governments have jointly provided their own statements. "
But there is something going on.
The correspondence submitted by the co-founders may not be able to represent the interests of federal policy.
This is for example a symbolic move by the federal government to potential conflicts of interest that could be agreed upon by more than 31 parties.
As part of the process, it is not as clear as the views of the federal government or any of the other partners.
The document also stated that the approval process had been very difficult.
Ministers "ideas, goals and objectives and aspirations are based on a wide range of ideas and ideas."
What this means is that there is occasionally an agreement between the federal government and the aboriginal groups that are involved in the approval process.
You can find garbage in the northern policies because I'm showing it here.
8 goals
Mr. Speaker, here are the eight objectives of the strategy, promoting what the federal government wants to achieve. "
Ministers are committed to supporting strong, sustainable, diversified and sustainable communities and regional economies. "
Mr. Speaker, it is important that northern Canada and northern indigenous peoples continue to be active and healthy.
It is important that northern Canada and the Inuit of the north are safe and secure.
That there be a stronger department to deal with the differences from one jurisdiction to the other.
The principles of the Act are based on a northern practical approach to innovation and opportunities.
It is my understanding of the guidelines for decision-making.
Here in Nunavut, Canada's north and the north are healthy and active.
Mr. Speaker, Aajiiqatigiinniq is a way to support the persistence and respect of aboriginal and non-Inuit people.
These goals begin with a variety of projects that have been identified in more detail.
10 principles
In order to achieve these goals and objectives, the policy document outlines the principles under which these principles were established and will continue to provide direction for the implementation of the action plan. "
Decisions about the north will be made in a spirit of co-operation and northern involvement, rights and interests. "
The rights and positions of the federal, provincial, aboriginal and municipal governments will be respected. "
The development of this strategy must take into account the principles of social, cultural, economic and environmental considerations. "
The idea of getting together with the aboriginal people on an ongoing basis, using the work of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission as a starting point, seems to be a success. "
"While climate change is a serious issue in this area, action will be taken by a number of stakeholders, including the impact on indigenous peoples, who continue to use the land and wildlife for cultural, economic and food security purposes."
The purpose of the guide is to identify and address issues of diversity and equality, and to implement programs such as the "Gender-based Men's Survey" (Bilingual Education Strategy) to address issues that may affect different aspects of society. "
The purpose of this strategy is to consider multi-sectoral initiatives such as the rights, interests and circumstances of Inuit, northern First Nations and Métis peoples to be carefully considered, clearly identified and implemented. "
The federal government recognizes Inuit, First Nations and Métis as aboriginal peoples of Canada, in terms of diversity, they know the rights of the communities, they have their own experiences, along with the federal government. "
The purpose of this approach is to work together based on strengths, attitudes, partnerships that reflect the needs, priorities and circumstances of each individual. "
It is important to note that both organizations, from the private sector to universities and colleges, as well as the non-profit sector, community organizations and individuals in Canada, have a significant role to play in building a stronger northern Canada. "
A territorial Conservative candidate has pledged to raise the carbon tax to cover the costs of everything.
Leona Aglukkaq discusses her campaign platform for Nunavut
Leona Aglukkaq, a candidate for the Nunavut Conservative Party, shows the Conservative leader Andrew Sinclair at a vegetation at Sylvia Grinnell Park during his visit to the city on June 19. "
Ministerial Photographer Emma Toronto (Toronto)
Bert Emma Tindall
The candidate for Nunavut says that if a Conservative government were to become a government, it would eliminate the carbon tax because it increases the cost of everything. "
Leona Aglukkaq started her campaign by going around to the Nunavut communities.
He started his campaign in Iqaluit with an event on September 12 at the Frobisher Inn.
He flew to Rankin Inlet the next day before returning to Iqaluit in the next week.
The Nunatsiaq News had an opportunity to talk to Ms. Aglukkaq when she was in Iqaluit.
Mr. Speaker, this carbon tax increases the cost of air travel, goods, transportation, hunting, and home ownership.
Ms. Aglukkaq also told Nunatsiaq News that this tax is having a negative impact on day cares and elders "homes as a result of the increase in heating costs.
All the products that are being produced are affected by this carbon tax.
Ms. Aglukkaq.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask a question in regard to the carbon tax. When we can't afford to pay for it, it says, "For example, the brain cells can't tell you how to pay for it."
However, George Hickes, Nunavut's Finance Minister, announced in May that under an agreement with Ottawa, electricity and aviation fuel products owned by Nunavut were exempt from this tax. "
The Government of Nunavut and its subsidiaries pay half of the carbon tax in Nunavut.
Ms. Aglukkaq's nomination for Nunavut focused on four priority areas: Affordable housing, mental health, and construction. "
How can the government and the private sector and the Government of Nunavut work together to address this huge housing need across the north?
The first priority of Ms. Aglukkaq's campaign is to "Develop options for addressing the housing needs of seniors and persons with disabilities."
The federal and territorial governments should also consider ways to promote homeownership, Mr. Speaker. "
Ms. Aglukkaq also spoke about northern employment opportunities and mental health training for Nunavummiut.
"Our territory is a vast landmass of coast to coast in Canada and we are still lagging behind on the need for marine infrastructure in our communities, so we must consider the vast majority of our resources like the Arctic."
It is our responsibility to provide housing, build capacity, and provide Nunavummiut with mental health services so that we can help our communities. "
When asked about possible changes to the federal Nutrition North Canada Program, Ms. Aglukkaq stated that the carbon tax on food products has resulted in an increase in the cost of transportation. "
When he was asked if he thinks this project should go ahead, and if not, what he would do with the carbon tax other than that, he said he would talk to the Nutrition North Canada Advisory Board. "
He said that once the Conservative Government came into power, this council would always be there. "
It is very important to have a person from the north who can tell the government how to improve the program.
This is not a very good program.
Everything is not perfect in the world.
But there has to be a subsidy for northern food.
Ms. Aglukkaq did not want to be specific about what she would tell northerners about the Nutrition North Canada Program, but said that there should be a subsidy for food and that eliminating it would not help. "
Recently, studies published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal indicated that food is becoming more difficult in Nunavut through the Nutrition North Canada Program, as outlined in the Canada Community Health Survey. "
Ms. Aglukkaq said that her work as Minister of Environment would contribute to climate change and the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, but she did not give any specific details on her role. "
He stated that he would be in support of the Kivalliq Transmission Line and the Grays Bay Road and the Kitikmeot Docking Facility.
Are we going to be able to get rid of the fuel in the near future?
Mr. Ng said, "No."
When the Conservative leader Andrew Schell came to Iqaluit last June, he spoke about the need for Nunavut to set up a recycling program, which he said was "one of the biggest challenges under the current Liberal Government."
Ms. Aglukkaq said that she believes that policies are already in place to allow people to talk about renewable resource development and that it is now unlikely that they will be developed.
The Nunavut Land Claims Agreement provides information on how businesses should be done in the north. The Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, in my opinion, is one of the most important parts of the environmental planning process. "
It protects our land, it protects our waters, it protects our wildlife. "
It is already set out in the criteria as to how the projects should be dealt with.
It has made justice very important and we have to be very proud of it.
Mr. Speaker, decisions about the north must come from the Inuit of the north, not from Ottawa. "
Ms. Aglukkaq left the headquarters to go to Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on September 19, her office said.
She also plans to travel to Pangnirtung, Qikiqtarjuaq and Clyde River before travelling to the Kivalliq and Kitikmeot regions. "
Members will be looking for a new Languages Commissioner for Nunavut.
Helen Klengenberg resigns from her position on health care
Members of the Legislative Assembly will soon be looking for a new Nunavut Languages Commissioner, after Helen Klengenberg resigns from her position. "
Klengenberg has served as Languages Commissioner of Nunavut since 2017.
Bedi Nunatsiaq News
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut will soon be seeking a new Languages Commissioner, following the resignation of Helen Klengenberg. "
Mr. Klengenberg, who served as Nunavut's Languages Commissioner from June of 2017, resigned recently due to health issues. "
Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that the Languages Commissioner plays a key role in the affairs of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut and reports directly to the Management and Services Board, which is now the Legislative Assembly's Klengenberg's successor. "
That would be done by the Management and Services Board, which is the Standing Committee of the Legislative Assembly that is responsible for the administration of the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a brief speech on September 17. "
I am wondering if the Management and Services Board will start the hiring process in the near future and we will make an announcement if necessary on an interim basis, Mr. Mikkungwak said.
The role of the Languages Commissioner, as defined in the Official Languages Act, is to "act as a language rights watchdog for Nunavut."
Ms. Klengenberg was appointed in 2017 after almost a yearlong search, following the sudden resignation of Ms. Sandra Inutiq in June of 2016. "
Mr. Inutiq resigned from his position a month after he submitted a report on the Qikiqtani General Hospital which indicated that the hospital did not have a language policy and that it did not provide adequate services to Inuktitut and French speaking clients.
He also indicated that the Health Deputy Minister had spent a year trying to obtain the required documents for the investigation.
Shortly thereafter, the Standing Committee issued an advertisement for the position three times before the appointment of Mr. Klengenberg. "
In 2017, the Languages Commissioner's position had a one-year payment range from $119,000 to $170,000 per year, with a northern allowance of $15,016 per year, with a 25-day annual payment and other various benefits. "
FCM Extension of Action Plan in Inuit Nunangat
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami's campaign priorities included reducing inequality, building infrastructure, and Inuit business interests. "
The Canadian Inuit Representation Association is proposing a broader investment strategy for the Inuit homelands that is consistent with the establishment of a national rail link or a rail link between Canada's east and west.
The CIA made a major announcement to anyone in Canada who will become the federal regulator: To initiate a major national security program in the Inuit homeland that can be matched by the establishment of a national rail link or a rail link between Canada's east and west.
In support of this initiative, the Inuit Tapirisat of Canada presented nine specific issues that are a priority for legislative candidates to consider during the current federal election campaign. "
Mr. Speaker, Inuit Nunangat is one of the most untapped resources in all of Canada.
"Inuit are taking advantage of this inequality compared to other Canadians, as well as other Canadians in the Inuit homelands," ITK said in a news release.
As part of this, ITK also released their list of priorities for the next federal budget in the year 2020, which is likely to be released in February or March. "
This submission strongly recommends that the next Government of Canada continue to implement Inuit-specific policies in such areas as resource development.
It calls on ITK to ensure that all provincial and territorial governments have a role to play in implementing the Inuit homeland policy at all levels of government, so that Inuit can access and benefit from policies, programs, and measures that are intended to benefit our people. ITK President Nathan Obed said in a news release.
Each of the two documents contains the following popular items:
Set up a network of 51 Inuit communities using the Apple Architectural Communication System before the end of 2031.
The next step is to eliminate technical problems in the Inuit homelands by 2030.
Completion of all four units in the north over a period of two years.
Mr. Speaker, the standing committee looks forward to ongoing updates on the status of its work in the area of substance abuse treatment.
The plan is to re-establish family violence shelters and temporary shelters.
Spend more money on people with mental health issues and suicide prevention.
Nine specific Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami language priorities are as follows:
Item 1.
Deal with social activities and suicide prevention.
Item 2.
Work on housing to ensure that all people on the waiting list have access to housing in the north for at least two years after being elected.
Item 3.
"Working on energy issues and climate change, we will reduce Canadian greenhouse gas emissions by 2050."
Item 4.
Undertake initiatives to strengthen Inuit-federal relations.
Item 5.
Work on building infrastructure and economic self-sufficiency, beginning with the creation of a northern infrastructure assistance program, will be available in all four regions, beginning with a contribution of $1 billion. "
Item 6.
Working towards an education system that is more standardized for Inuit and non-Inuit.
Item 7.
Implement a protocol submitted to the National inquiry on Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women, along with 46 specific Inuit specific legal obligations. "
Item 8.
Addressing food insecurity and food insecurity.
Item 9.
Work towards advancing Inuit interests in science.
The Inuit Tapirisat of Canada has a tradition of not regional responsibility, and which of its members are not in support of. "
As a result of the latest CBC national survey, from September 20, the Liberal Party of Canada and the Conservative Party of Canada were on par. "
This election survey, which compiles all of the public information gathered, indicates that the current Conservative Party has 34.7 percent support, the Liberal Party is at 34.1 percent, the New Democratic Party is at 13.5 percent, and the Green Party is at 9.6 percent, the Blackberry is at 4.4 percent and the Peoplesoft National Party is at 2.8 percent.
It is an election measure and it suggests that the Liberal Party will have more time to gain a majority of seats.
The upcoming federal election will be held here on Monday, October 21. "
Nunavut has a new polar bear management plan: Nunavut Wildlife Management Board (NWMB)
We will work to the best of our abilities to make this happen before the polar bear hunting season is over.
Mr. Speaker, Nunavut's new polar bear management plan sets out an equal number of male and female polar bear quotas for all of Nunavut's polar bears, said the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board. "
Ministerial Photographer Jane George (Rankin Inlet)
Betsy Jane George
In Cambridge Bay, the Government of Nunavut is in agreement with the new polar bear management plan.
This was a news release from the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board members at the Kitikmeot Wildlife Board meeting in Cambridge Bay last week.
The initial stage of this new polar bear management plan is the equal harvest of male and female polar bears in Nunavut. This is the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board chairman Dan Shewchuk, who said to the delegates. "
The symposium in Cambridge Bay is the first of the three Regional Wildlife Management Board meetings that he and Jason Akeeagok, the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board's executive director, will be attending. "
Mr. Akeeagok said that the polar bear management plan was a lot of work.
We will work to the best of our abilities to make this happen before the polar bear hunting season is over. "
Mr. Speaker, this plan has been under consideration for almost five years, and it was announced that a plan would be developed this past March at the Iqaluit Nunavut Wildlife Management Board meeting. "
The plan will remain in effect until 2029.
This was a female polar bear that fell into the ocean near Arctic Bay during the four-floor show.
In regards to the new polar bear management plan, the polar bear mortality rate in three communities will help to alleviate the noise. "
Ministerial Photography by Niore Iqalukjuak (Iqaluit)
On average, the polar bear population in the circumpolar world is 19 bears per region, 12 of which are more in Nunavut. "
Polar bear quotas have been established by region such as the total allowable harvest of male polar bears and the killing of polar bears is included in this year's total allowable harvest for the communities established.
Although this new plan will not increase the total allowable harvest at this time, a new total allowable harvest may be considered as a result of new data. "
Under the previous plan, Nunavut communities were allowed to harvest one female polar bear out of two male polar bear tags through the annual community polar bear tags. "
Under the new plan, it will not matter if the polar bear is harvested in Nunavut, whether it is male or female, but it has to be balanced. "
In the case of Atiqtalaaq they would be put on half a wall hanging.
This new provision will allow for the harvesting of male and female polar bears in the community for the purpose of protecting the polar bear population as required.
The increasing number of polar bears in the communities has been a concern in Nunavut since the deaths of two polar bears in the fall in the Kivalliq region last year but, under the current management plan, the defence kills of the polar bear and the sexual abuse of the polar bear, then these two tags will be used. "
As a result, some communities will no longer have tags for defence kills of polar bears.
Mr. Speaker, this new strategy will help to reduce the importation of polar bears into the communities, Mr. Shewchuk said in Nunatsiaq News.
He previously stated that polar bears are a danger to Inuit culture and way of life, because they are damaging cabins, birds habitat and seals. "
Delegates at the meeting in Cambridge Bay welcomed the changes to the polar bear management plan.
Members were also pleased to note that the dog team will soon have five more tags for grizzly bears.
There was a large snake that was seen and shot because it was too close to a number of cabins here in Mount Panimera.
On the other hand, this new polar bear management plan may have other ideas. "
It is unclear what the future of polar bears will be as a result of climate change. According to the 2018 study conducted by the Committee on the State of Endangered Species of Canada, COSEWIC, the following committee, the species at risk of extinction in Canada, COSEWIC, conducted another study on polar bears to "address the serious concerns of polar bears."
It means that polar bears are at risk or at risk of losing their limbs due to a combination of survival techniques and specimens that have been identified as threatened.
Nunavut's Standing Committee extended the deadline for Bill 25 to make comments
Committee Members will be receiving comments until 5: 00 p.m. on October 11
Hon. John Menon, Chair of the Standing Committee on Legislation, said the Committee would extend the time for public hearings on Bill 25 and that the Committee would "review the Act."
Betsy Emma Toronto
The Standing Committee on Legislation will receive comments from the public on Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, as of October 11. "
They were the last to receive comments on September 13th.
My colleagues and I would like to thank the people of Nunavut who took the time to write their views on this very important piece of legislation, "Committee Chair John Main said on Thursday, September 26, in a news release."
Anyone was invited to submit their submissions to the Standing Committee since Bill 25 was introduced during the Legislative Assembly's spring sitting in June.
Second reading was passed and referred to the Standing Committee for review.
The Standing Committee met in mid-September to review the Act, as well as the submissions from the public. "
The standing committee also announced that it will be extending its review period of Bill 25 to allow for the fall sitting of the Legislative Assembly to be televised for a period of two weeks from the end of November.
"The Minister of Education and his witnesses will appear before the Committee during the course of the consultation process, which will give Nunavummiut an opportunity to see what we are doing," Mayer said in a news release.
The standing committee recommends that Bill 25 be phased in over a period of 20 years, with the goal of having Inuktitut as the language of instruction in all schools from kindergarten to grade 12. "
At the same time, the Act would establish the Inuit Language Protection Act as part of the Education Act, and extend the deadline for the implementation of bilingual education in grades 4 to 12 for the prescribed actions that expire on July 1, 2039. "
Detailed witnesses and action plans for the committee's hearings will be made available in the near future, the report says. "
Cabinet will meet again in the fall on Thursday, October 17th. "
Minister's Statement will be received until 5pm on Friday, October 11. "
All presentation of the awards will be made public during a presentation to the House in the fall session.
Comments Documents may be addressed as follows:
Hon. John Menon, MLA "
Chair, Standing Committee on Legislation "
Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Box 1200
"Iqaluit, Nunavut."
X0A 0H0
Tel: Call 867-975-5000
Fax: Call 867-975-5191
Website (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. My address is on the website: Swims.gov.nu.ca.
Qaliujaaqpait, qaliujaaqpait, qaliujaaqpait (qaliujaaqpait qaliujaaqpait).
Our contribution today to our children and future generations
Roman orthography is one of the official languages used in all of Canada's official languages.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has stated that they are not going to replace the Roman orthography and the Inuit homeland's traditional usage of syllabics and so on.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has also stated that the Inuit traditional writing system will not have to be changed.
Bedi Records by Miali Glaudemans
Mr. Speaker, I was very proud to hear that the group of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami unanimously agreed to a new Inuktitut version of the book, titled "The Inuktitut Roman orthography," which was released at the beginning of its release.
The Inuit Tapirisat of Canada means a unified Canada with a small population and a small number of excellent examples of the strength of our people's long-term partnership to preserve and preserve our culture and language.
That to me at this point in time is commendable.
In June 2011, as President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, we held a presentation with confidence to renew our training program. "
Mr. Speaker, we launched a national campaign on the Individual Education Initiative with ten noteworthy initiatives that shared our vision for our children to be able to achieve academic excellence, while being secure in Inuktitut and culture. "
Our recommendations include the establishment of a central database for all residents.
The sole people of Canada for centuries have been trying to get to this point and reach a new era.
The Inuinnaqtun language specialists in every community in the Inuit homelands held a workshop on Inuktitut syllabics.
This means that we are going to have one writing system that all people can use in their own language.
The use of this new writing system is expected to accelerate.
Mr. Speaker, this bill will not replace or replace community-based registration systems, as it is intended to be used to participate in existing Tags and improve the quality of individual communication. "
It is our gift today to our children and future generations.
I can imagine that only Inuit in Canada will be better able to communicate and share the jewellery that is being lost and the quality of curriculum that is being developed as a concern and that our children in high school will be able to complete their education in both languages and be able to speak and write.
In this world, we face the challenges of human beings. Western society has been threatened by social upheaval, family instability, and language. "
But here we are today.
In the past we have had to look at our experiences in order to find out who we are today and why we are today.
I believe that we have a hybrid model now that we're going to have to look back and see if we can continue to use it or if we can start using it in the future.
The use of Inuktitut syllabics in the Canadian Civil War makes it clear that we all want to move forward together as one.
About eight years ago when we first started developing a national curriculum for Inuit studies, we were able to deliver a dictionary in Inuktitut that will mean all people in each language, no matter where they come from with different dialects. "
To me that gives us an opportunity to see the single time zone; it gives us an opportunity to circumvent all of the red tape.
Our language and identity are being promoted, our language is healthy. "
I am hopeful that we will be able to use Inuktitut in all of our dialects and orthography and look forward to continuing to do so.
Sergeant Simon was the former President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami in 2011 at the launch of Canada's Govt. Inuit Education Program, which included a recommendation to create a single writing system for the Inuit language. "
Vince Cummings apologizes to Quebec Premier
It goes on to say, "Many of the rules, policies, procedures or departmental procedures used to differentiate and differentiate between initiatives."
Québec Premier Francois Legion apologized to First Nations and Inuit of Québec on October 2, following a news release regarding the discriminatory work required by the Public Service. "
Minister's Statement (Rankin Inlet North)
In this case, the Quebec government has not met its obligations to aboriginal people, Mr. Legadier said.
Chicago apologized for the first 142 decisions made in a report at the National Aboriginal Law Conference on Wednesday, October 2, two days after former Supreme Court Justice Jack Wenteen, the commission's former director, released his final report.
Mr. Speaker, it is not acceptable to make excuses, Mr. Legault said.
He said he would look into all the decisions and find out exactly why there was such a discrepancy.
Many of the laws, policies, practices or departmental practices used to differentiate and differentiate between an inadequate level of service provided to First Nations and Inuit populations, Ms. Wilson said in her September 30 report. "
The inquiry focused on aboriginal issues involving the RCMP, justice system, corrections, health and social services, and youth protection services. "
Lucy Gray was an Inuk keynote speaker for the France Commission.
Mr. Speaker, I was here in November of 2018 during the pre-feasibility study. "
Ministerial Photographer Sara Rogers (Iqaluit)
Mr. Speaker, the Kativik Municipal Government issued a news release in which it stated that "The important decisions and recommendations are being made to improve relationships between aboriginal peoples and the Quebec Government."
In particular, the Kativik Community Government strongly recommended to the Government that this decision be made to hold videoconferencing sessions for offenders in the smaller communities, and that the Kativik Government consult with the Quebec Government. "
"The Kativik Community Government is committed to working closely with all levels of government and other regional organizations to implement the Commission's recommendations in their work," said Kativik Community Government Chair Jennifer Mearns in a news release. "
In Nunavik, the Department of Health and Social Services also responded to the report by stating that Members "ongoing concerns with the Commission on Health and Social Services and Youth Protection Services were not addressed.
The need for resources and management of health and social services was also raised in the Committee's review.
Ministers look forward to receiving the Government of Quebec's report on the action plan, as well as the following collaborative arrangements and approaches, "said Executive Director Minnie Gray in an October 2 press release."
The Committee was also pleased that the Commission of Quebec Armshow will be held responsible for a total of 142 decisions.
Makivik President Charlie Ford made a statement in regards to the study that was done in regards to Nunavik's activities and he stated that on October 1 in a press release that the Inuit were able to speak about the studies.
On many occasions, my constituents spoke to the Commission about their experiences in the areas of health, justice, social services, youth protection, history of conflict and other Quebec government services, "Ford said.
Although she stated that the report would not respond, "Based on the first recommendation, Quebec apologizes to Inuit and First Nations for inequality in the delivery of public services to our people, so we feel that we are being heard."
Three major legal firms promise to end Nunavut's diesel fuel dependency by 2030
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the minister for his hard work.
Students are marching from four corner schools in Iqaluit on September 27 to take part in the United Nations Climate Change Conference.
Three legal candidates called on the federal government to end Nunavut's dependence on fossil fuels for electricity by 2030.
Aspiring Photographer Dustin Patalok (Rankin Inlet)
Buddy Dustin Patar
During this federal election, three legal firms announced that Nunavut's use of diesel fuel for electricity would be stopped by 2030. "
Currently all 25 communities in Nunavut have diesel-powered power plants operated by the Qulliq Energy Corporation, the only utility in Canada that does not have a modified power supply in their communities. "
Changing this would be a large and costly task.
It says, "Martha Leonie, Northern Recycling Specialist for the World Wildlife Fund (WWWF)."
It is possible to do that, just a little bit of it. "
The Green Party's campaign promises to implement a renewable energy strategy.
By 2030, all of Canada's energy needs will be met through renewable energy. "
This includes outpost camps in northern communities such as the elimination of diesel fuel for power generation.
The Liberal Party has said it will move forward financially to ensure that Inuit communities will be able to take advantage of diesel fuel but generate electricity using clean, renewable energy sources like hydro, wind and solar power by 2030.00. "
What the New Democratic Party of Canada (NDP) has said is that its goal is to have a national energy system that can produce non-renewable energy by 2030. This is a carbon-neutral energy system that respects communities and creates jobs that would be viable.
We would support initiatives such as community-owned and operated clean energy projects to create employment for residents and professionals, and work with aboriginal and northern communities to reduce the use of diesel fuel. "
Through the Department of Environment and Climate Change Canada's report, which was released earlier this year, greenhouse gas emissions in Nunavut account for less than 1 percent of this increase. "
In 2017, Nunavut produced a total of 0.6 megawatts of greenhouse gases, mainly from 18 thousand vehicles that could be inhabited. "
Mr. Speaker, this year, the Province of Alberta, which is Canada's largest producer of greenhouse gases, produced over 84 million vehicles. "
Despite this, Nunavut has seen its greenhouse gas emissions increase by 30 percent since 2005, the largest increase in Canada and Alberta by almost twice as much, which is the second increase in the same period of time. "
Even if there are changes to the energy policy between the three parties to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the impact on Canada's greenhouse gas emissions will be very small. "
The communities will be receiving this equipment.
Mr. Speaker, Nunavummiut pay the highest rate of electricity in all other parts of Canada, and the investment in energy will help lower this rate. "
However, action on renewable energy projects such as this may be inconsistent with respect to expenditures that are currently being incurred in the area of energy. "
Last month, the World Wildlife Organization issued a report on the issue of energy efficiency in each of the 25 Nunavut communities. "
Members noted that the reduction of 8 percent is primarily due to the risk of project or other potential funding sources in Baker Lake, Coral Harbour, Iqaluit, and Rankin Inlet that could result in savings by moving to a 20 percent renewable energy fund, including direct payments over a 15-year period. "
The study also indicated that 16 other communities would receive a 4 percent subsidy in the form of a Qulliq Energy Corporation loan and approximately 2 million dollars in benefits and 20 percent in the form of a loan transfer.
However, the report only discusses the feasibility of these projects, suggesting that moving from renewable energy to renewable energy would be cheaper than the current energy costs. "
However, moving the community from a renewable energy system to a renewable energy system is a major task.
It would require consultation, and they would have to start next year in order to meet the energy needs of all the communities. "
They will have to go to the communities, work with them on what they want to do, and how the communities envision their energy, to find out what their priorities are and what the communities consider to be their most important campgrounds and hunting areas. "
Mr. Speaker, this does not include such things as the installation of solar panels or wind turbines, which will take place over the next two years, or any projects of the Qulliq Energy Corporation to ensure that renewable energy sources are reliable. "
The idea of moving all the communities to 100 percent renewable energy, the three individuals that are trying to become Solicitor General, is not only a long-term project but also a significant investment. "
What about the New Jersey Democratic Party (NDP) and the Liberal Democrats (Liberal Party) who have not announced how much money they would contribute to the move, the Green Party (Green Party) said last week.
As part of the campaign expenses report, the Green Party announced that it would invest $150 million over five years to relocate all rural and northern communities not just to Nunavut but to stop the use of diesel fuel. "
It is not acceptable.
Mr. Lanier went on to explain that if a community like Arctic Bay were to relocate at least 60 percent of their power plant, they would have to spend approximately 27.8 million dollars. "
In terms of the same report, for other communities, if they're going to use this 60 percent renewable energy fund, they would have to use it at a higher level. "
In Iqaluit, it is estimated to cost approximately 148 million dollars. "
Although it is clear that it is smaller than the 250-500 million dollar hydro project that was considered by the city, this would only apply to one community under the Green Party proposal. "
Mr. Speaker, it is not unreasonable to expect the federal government as a whole to pay for these projects, but indicated that the scope and scope of the work would be unreasonable and unreasonable. "
Looking at the 2030 deadline, there is not going to be much time. "
In regards to solar panels, I think it would take two to five years. "
In regards to wind energy, I think it's going to take five to seven years.
When you look at the deadlines and you divide them into 25 communities and at the same time if you're going to do them in a remote community and the land is not always available, Lanier thinks about how it's going to be done.
I think as far as I'm concerned, this is going to be a major change. "
Even if we don't reach 100 percent, then there is a lot of interest. "
Note: This article talks about the federal election campaigns of the Green Party, the Liberal Party and the New Deal of the NDP. "
Mr. Speaker, when this book was prepared, the Conservative Party had not yet announced what they were running for, so they are not included in this report. "
Subject: Operations and Maintenance for Early Childhood Education and Child Care
It is important to recognize the important role that early childhood education and childcare workers play in Nunavut's workforce.
Kolola Wilson-Patrick, Chair of the Tukisigiarvik Daycare Board, is seeking additional support from the Government of Nunavut for quality early childhood education and child care based on Inuit language and culture. "
Bedi Nunatsiaq News
Correspondence to the Premier of Nunavut, Joe Savikataaq, and the Minister of Education, David Joanasie.
I am one of the people behind the scenes who are very sensitive to our language and culture.
As the Chair of the Board of Directors of Tukisigiarvik, the only Inuktitut language school for early childhood education in Iqaluit and the only Iqaluit headquarters in Nunavut that provides daycare services to children who are already learning Inuktitut. "
Mr. Speaker, the Meadowbank mine was closed from August 21 to September 12, 2019 due to a lack of staff and, in fact, it has been operating with a shortage of staff for almost a year. "
Very few people apply for jobs at the daycare centre because of the low pay that Iqaluit has the highest cost of daycare, the staff that don't have any benefits, they don't have housing because they are seen as downsizing the women's work in the daycare as they are seen to be. "
Mr. Speaker, the daycare is now open again, but the crisis situation is compounded by the fact that we lost a very dedicated employee who was tired of working. "
We now have four part-time administrative staff, a full-time daycare manager, two childcare workers, and each child care worker working at the daycare, all of whom have criminal records checks and safety checks, full-time staff, while we look for someone who is qualified, qualified and certified. "
Mr. Speaker, this is not a common practice, but for those of us who have children, we believe that our children should be in a safe environment and that the Inuktitut language counselling centre should be open. "
There is still a danger of it closing and keeping it closed.
While Nunavut's daycare system is currently operating under a not-for-profit system, daycare workers are expected to provide one of the most important child-related services to provide quality early childhood education, based on Inuit culture and language, however it is undervalued and under-supported. "
The non-profit organizations rely on a wide range of sources of funding, including annual funding, as well as parents who volunteer to run and manage early childhood programs.
The daycare workers get into trouble because they are underpaid and do not have the benefits, they are not properly trained for their jobs and they are not provided with housing. "
Daycare workers are now being asked to work under the basic needs to support themselves or their families.
There is a crisis in our daycares due to the need for specialized staff with the necessary skills to promote and preserve the Inuit language and culture at a very young age for our children; footprints hire only Inuktitut speaking professionals.
It is 100 percent Inuit employment.
However, the high turnover rate in our workforce has put us in a difficult position because of a lack of competitive pay and benefits for our employees who are leaving.
It has an impact on early childhood education and early childhood education. "
Inuit need this support and value so that our language and culture can be taught to our children.
The Government of Nunavut should consider how best to support quality early childhood education and to ensure that the daycare is based on Inuit language and culture.
Provide valuable early childhood education and child care workers are paid to compete for public benefits, which include housing for their jobs, vacation time, training in the workplace and school. "
Trackway's vision is to increase the number of childcare spaces that are available to the public and to increase the number of programs where more Inuit children can be accommodated.
As a result, we have been fundraising close to $80,000 for a new daycare facility. "
It proposes the following amendments to the Government of Nunavut:
Combining the Early Childhood Education and Child Care Workers as members of the Government of Nunavut's public service to create a competitive pay system for Government of Nunavut employees, consistent with the Government of Nunavut's eight pay ranges, is an important step in the evolution of the workforce in Nunavut's school system. "
That the operations and maintenance of daycare facilities in Nunavut be integrated into the education system;
Provide assistance to early childhood education and daycare staff but not limited to short-term measures that include long-term sick leave, VTA, bilingual bonus, parental leave and housing. "
Establish an entity to support all child care facilities in Nunavut;
Working with the ministers responsible for daycares to immediately address these challenges, we will work together to develop a long-term plan to change the operations of our daycares.
It is important to recognize the important role that early childhood education and childcare workers play in Nunavut's labour force.
We want to make sure that our daycares are fully staffed with full-time positions and that all staff receive benefits.
We have to keep our daycares open all the time.
Changes to the way early childhood education is delivered in Nunavut so that early childhood education and child care workers can gain valuable work experience will allow them to take significant steps forward to ensure that early childhood education and daycare operations change in the best possible way for children to begin life, including learning Inuktitut, growing up on a strong foundation of Inuit culture, and being able to participate fully with the rest of Canada. "
Sincerely, Mr. Speaker. "
Laakkuluk Williamson-Bathory
Minister responsible for the Iqaluit Inuktitut Pairivik Daycare Society "Board of Directors"
Do you recognize these people in the picture?
Mr. Speaker, I know for a fact that this picture is a bit of a historical figure.
On the back of the article there is a picture, it was taken in Kugluktuk, in Nunavut at the time the English name was Copenhagen on May 18, 1930.
The person who wrote this letter found his grandfather's belongings at the time of his death and wanted to know if these people could identify these women.
I found this picture in my grandfather's belongings at the time of his death.
His name was Dr. James Jamieson, and I knew he was a nurse in the Royal Canadian Air Cadets during World War II, and he is here for the project in Newfoundland and Goose Bay, Labrador. "
I'm not sure when he got this picture or if it was J.H., it's in the back of the picture, but I did know that he had northern knowledge. "
I know that this picture was taken a long time ago, but there would be recognition of the fact that even if they were part of that picture that they would like to have it. "
"Wish you all the very best."
Sara Howard
Tom is originally from North Bay, Ontario and now lives in Prince Edward Island. "
This word is written in the back of the Inuit Women's version.
The Inuit Language Authority even established a Montreal conference for Inuktitut-speaking speakers.
It is called the Inuit Cultural Immersion Day and it seemed like they were going to be using the Inuktitut language.
Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated President Alookie Kuuttiq, to my right, is speaking in a speech entitled "Inuit Hunting Rights on Thursday October 3, at the Inuit Cultural Skills Conference in Montreal."
The Honourable Louis Tapardjuk, Member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, Nunavut's Language Authority. "
Even though there are no interpreters, these two individuals keep talking in Inuktitut.
Aspiring photographer Lisa Gregory (Rankin Inlet)
Betsy Lisa Gregory is not a regular in Nunatsiaq News
The protest in the Montreal hotel boardroom was loud and clear on Thursday, October 3, when people attending the 21st Inuit Cultural Skills Conference walked in to hear the two Inuit leaders speak about why Inuktitut is a Nunavut right of life and this right seems to have been rejected. "
NTI President Aluki Kuuttiq and Louis Tapardjuk, former Government of Nunavut Minister and a member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Authority, attended in a timely manner and sang in front of the chairs of the public. "
The photographers are also setting up a live broadcast of NTI's Facebook page, which featured video clips of various websites for English speakers, and the attendees were almost all Inuit who were settling down to listen to the speakers. "
Mr. Kuuttiq welcomed the attendees and started speaking Inuktitut, and the people who speak Inuktitut sometimes say yes to their heads and give them a hand. "
For those people who don't speak Inuktitut, including this writer, they just sat there and said, "Hopefully."
Some people just walked out.
Some of them are just listening to the telephone and working on the English version while they are waiting.
There were no English versions.
They are welcome in an amazing community for many people in Nunavut.
While we were talking about the Inuit language, we wanted to use the Inuit language. Mr. Kuuttiq said at the beginning.
We talked about this and we knew that there would be no interpreters but we felt that it was very important that we use our own language when we talk about the need for assistance and the promotion of our language.
At the international conference, which brings together northern experts from the north and the south, recently, it began to involve more Inuktitut speakers and activities, making the meeting more relevant to Inuit needs and working together with Inuit and non-Inuit scholars. "
Mr. Speaker, this Inuktitut public meeting, in regards to the language rights of Inuit, it seemed like they were in the process of developing this.
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Cooper's keynote address addressed the need for many pieces of legislation to promote and protect the Inuit language in Nunavut and the vast majority of our population are Inuit and speak Inuktitut.
Such legislation as the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Rights of Indigenous People (UNAMA) calls for action and legal action from the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Canada inquiry on murdered and missing indigenous women and girls, and the Nunavut Official Languages Act. "
Kuuttiq identified a number of historic Inuit deaths, in part, from language and culture exports, such as Annie Kootoo, who passed away due to liver failure in 2017, and this 15-year-old Irene Kunilusie, who died of tuberculosis in the same year. "
Mr. Speaker, Inuit want to have a good quality of life and they have the right to be human beings.
"It is imperative that people in Canada do not die because of the lack of access and services comparable to other Canadians," Mr. Kuuttiq wrote in his speech.
In his Minister's Statement, Mr. Tapardjuk referred to a recent incident in Iqaluit in which an RCMP officer approached an elder to report that his adopted son had been vaccinated against a death at a youth centre. "
This lady is by herself and does not speak English.
Mr. Tapardjuk said the RCMP had to stop the vehicle in order to get some help to inform them of the bad news.
There are a number of things that could have been done through this report.
Many Inuit who speak English and Inuktitut are invited to work on these issues.
We are considered to be interpreters at any time, even if we do not know the Inuit. "
Sometimes there are privacy issues.
In that case, I can say that it has been a violation of human rights. "
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Kuuttiq stressed that even those who speak Inuktitut in Nunavut should have access to services in their own language such as health, justice and education. "
Even those types of things aren't available.
This and other leaders continue to call on the federal government to protect their language and culture at home.
Ottawa passed its new Aboriginal Language Protection Act in June and has been criticized by Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami for saying that their decisions have been ignored.
Ms. Kuuttiq said that she wanted people to know, "We are the ones who have the authority."
Let's speak in Inuktitut when we go to the store.
Let's speak Inuktitut when we go to the bank.
Let's speak Inuktitut when we go to school.
Once we have more Inuktitut speakers and never mind those people who cannot understand, then they will be given a larger amount than they should be. "
Qikiqtani Inuit Association announces compensation for tourism operators on Inuit owned lands
Fees to be applied promptly
Tourism operators visiting the Qikiqtani region will now have to pay tourism fees in order to access the Inuit homeland. The Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit on October 8 to 10. "
Tourism operators are now required to pay fees to travel to their own destinations in the Qikiqtani region, as the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit on Wednesday, October 9. "
The Qikiqtani region has the largest number of cruise ship passengers in all of Nunavut.
Pond Inlet was visited by 17 cruise ships last summer, while Iqaluit was visited by four. "
The residents of the Belcher Islands have expressed concern with respect to the increasing number of tourism activities in our area, especially for people who offload cargo from cruise ships. "
The Qikiqtani Inuit Association established a tourism management fee to assist people in the communities affected by cruise ships. J.P. Akeeagok, QIA president, said in a news release.
Following a news release issued by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, the Geological Survey and the Recycling Department discussed the new fees.
New expenditures in this area include:
Mr. Speaker, the Learjet lands in the High Arctic: Approximately 150 landings
On the helicopter landing in the Inuit homeland: 1,100 landings
Commercial Tamartirvik in Inuit Nunangat: 4 to 50 a day
In regards to providing commercial visitors with less than six hours in the Inuit homelands: $25 a day.
About half of the total expenditures would go to hunters and trappers organizations closest to the tourism industry that are available, the report said.
One half of it would go to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
The cruise ships that bring people to Nunavut usually have anywhere from 150 to 400 passengers, Roseanne Dederick, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association director of land use and recycling, said at the Qikiqtani Inuit Association board meeting. "
This twenty-five per day fee would apply to all passengers who take people out on their own land or ISOL, or ISOL, on their own land.
It doesn't matter how many people are on the ship itself, they would be liable for the amount of people that are on the ship.
The Defense Department stated that ships carrying passengers to and from the Qikiqtani region will have to submit to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association the number of people that will be on board each month or before they start boating.
If a ship carrying 350 people, we would charge 25 dollars per day per person. "
So the larger ships would have to pay anywhere from 10 thousand dollars to 20 thousand dollars to get to the land on their own.
As for the communities that receive a lot of cruise ships in the summer, like Pond Inlet, the Hunters and Trappers Organization would get anywhere from $50,000 to $70,000 in fees, "he said.
The new fee structure will also help Qikiqtani Inuit Association to use their online registration system.
In turn, tourism operators will be consulted when applying for new fees for access to Inuit owned lands. "
Deloitte & Touche said the Qikiqtani Inuit Association set up the fees based on what other organizations charge for tourism.
For example, Parks Canada charges 25 dollars per person to go to a national park.
Mr. Speaker, hamlets are also charging people from cruise ships and tourism operators for going to their communities, the Timmons says.
The cruise ship passengers who are able to come into the Inuit communities are charged this fee only if they go directly to our community. "
Joe Ataguttaaluk, QIA's secretary treasurer, asked if it would be possible to increase these costs in the future. "
The Deloitte and Touche said it could be changed, but it would have to be discussed and decided by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association Board. "
Mr. Speaker this is one of the exciting things to do.
Mr. Chairman, we are once again leading the way in which people can benefit from their communities, Mr. Akeeagok said to the committee.
Mr. Speaker, the fees will be effective immediately, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association said.
Baffinland's large passenger rail project raises concerns with Pond Inlet residents
I guess Baffinland thinks that when we don't know whether the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government is going to approve the project ahead of time.
The dry cargo ship, the Phillip Brennan Brennan, has been anchored by the Prince of Whales in Halifax, Germany, last summer. "
At Minerals you will see two potential construction sites, 33 and 34 metres high, which are the Baffinland Iron Ore Mine acquired from Tyson Inlet and shipped to the Mary River mine this summer. "
Two smaller units are also being transported in the very near future.
Mr. Speaker, this is for the proposed rail expansion, which has not yet been approved by the Legislative Assembly. "
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to table a collection of photographs from Tyson Harbour.
Community leaders in Pond Inlet are unhappy with the large ship carrying rail parts such as Baffinland Iron Ore Corporation's Mary River Iron Ore Project this summer.
Minister Brown is concerned about the fact that Baffinland wanted to expand this project on phase 2 of the plan and, even before the permitting process was approved, Baffinland brought in two large ten-storey townhouses in Fremont, Germany, to the company's port of Mary River in North Baffin last summer. "
They also brought in two smaller units that may be constructed and they will be used for large-scale construction projects, such as access roads and land-based wind turbines. "
Agnico-Eagle Mines, in November 2018, announced that it had contacted the Nunavut Impact Review Board and its partners here at the Qikiqtani Inuit Association (QIA) that it would not be shipping any materials, such as the terms of reference for the public registry to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board. "
But the people of Pond Inlet have finally found out about this.
This was when the ship Pillard Brennan arrived at the Baffinland port here in Mary River this past August carrying possible materials to be used for the rail expansion.
When the people of Pond Inlet saw the ship in the vicinity of their community for the first time they heard about the barge coming in, there were two other ships carrying rail materials that came in shortly after that and they are expecting more ships to arrive in the summer of 2020.
We only found out about three or four weeks ago.
We see polar bears carrying cargo around the Pond Inlet area. Joshua Arreak, the director of the Mittimatalik Hunters "and Trappers" Association told Nunatsiaq News.
We used to wonder why and who they were and how they didn't do it.
We haven't received any information from the Nunavut Impact Review Board, Qikiqtani Inuit Association, or any other organization. "
Mr. Arreak said, "We didn't expect that."
We haven't heard from the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
I don't know.
We have a problem with the Inuit organizations.
They are not keeping us informed, Mr. Speaker.
The Nunavut Impact Review Board knew about the proposed shipping route this winter.
Any Nunavut authority and any federal minister did not agree with Baffinland's expansion plans, which would result in a 110-kilometre rail link from Mary River to Mary River, producing an additional 12 million tonnes of iron ore a year, and travelling up to 200 times a year to haul iron ore. "
This project cannot be completely approved by the federal government until the final public hearings on the Nunavut Impact Review Board have been scheduled for November 2 in Iqaluit and will conclude on November 8 and 9 in Pond Inlet.
Mr. Speaker, the Nunavut Impact Review Board, in its statement not looking into this matter to the stakeholders, indicated that it would be bringing in a barge for use in a letter to Baffinland dated July 25. "
The Nunavut Impact Review Board advised the company that if phase 2 is not approved, Baffinland would be responsible for the delivery of the equipment, probably in the millions of dollars, out of the mine. "
It also indicated that sealift delivery would not have an impact on the Nunavut Impact Review Board's decisions in this area.
In an email dated October 17, the Nunavut Impact Review Board's executive director, Ryan Perry, indicated that the Nunavut Impact Review Board "has the legal authority to approve or reject the vessel's activities."
The Nunavut Impact Review Board simply decided that these activities would be included in the evaluation process and that all materials for the project would have to be moved if the proposal was not approved by the Board after a thorough review.
This is an aerial photograph of the Philippines. Just this past summer the ship was carrying potentially arranged material for the Mary River project to be used for the Baffinland rail expansion.
One of the units, referred to as the Tenant to Owner Program, is a 33-metre high, 23.5 metre high and weighs 1,470 tonnes. "
On the other hand, it is noted that the current level of the contaminated site is approximately 34 metres high. "
So each unit, which is part of an existing decommissioning unit and a decommissioning unit, is equivalent to a 10-floor unit or maybe higher than the units in the eastern arctic. "
However, Baffinland has not been approved for the use of these funds.
It says, "Finland will identify all of these assets for project 2 but not necessarily until Phase 2 of the application process is complete." The company wrote a July 19 report to the Nunavut Impact Review Board. "
Materials stored on Inuit owned land
In a joint submission to the licensing board, Qikiqtani Inuit Association and Baffinland wrote that the assets would be stored in Inuit owned land, in accordance with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's Commercial Lease Agreement with the company. "
For Mr. Arreak and others, it seems like Baffinland has already been approved for the project. "
The people of Pond Inlet are not happy.
Does Baffinland feel that when we don't know whether the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government is going to approve the project ahead of time?
Mr. Speaker, I don't know what he is saying.
Brock Tester, technical advisor from the Hamlet of Pond Inlet, was approved by the Mayor of Pond Inlet, Joshua Shaddock, to speak on behalf of Nunatsiaq News. "
In fact, Mr. Speaker, Baffinland has been working on the idea of approving the project for a 2- million dollar project, Mr. Tester said in an email. "
If the Nunavut Impact Review Board had the authority to do so, the final impact would be to put more pressure on the Nunavut Impact Review Board as far as being responsible and having to approve applications. "
Mr. Speaker, this is an issue that is of great concern to the residents of Chesterfield Inlet.
Aside from ministerial action, the Hamlet is of the opinion that they should not have been doing this. "
Mr. Speaker, this is an accounting treatment and in the opinion of the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation they are going to approve the project at 2 o'clock, they are writing it down. "
Our main concern is the animals, marine mammals and their presence. "
We will be the most impacted community in Nunavut.
That is our concern.
The money is not going to go back to the wildlife. Joshua Arreak made a statement on behalf of the hunters and trappers organization, saying that it has been an ongoing issue in Pond Inlet for a number of years in regards to marine transportation for the Baffinland strategy. "
Mr. Speaker, for non-governmental organizations such as the Atlantic Fisheries Alliance of the Arctic, which has been calling for input into the upcoming public forums on Baffinland's expansion plan, they expressed their support for "responsible development of the Mary River mine."
However, it was also noted that Baffinland's proposal to export large amounts of faxes did not take into account any environmental impacts, and was not satisfied with Baffinland's decision to ship large amounts of iron ore out of Mary River from Arctic Bay to the south, which was able to do so in 2012. "
It is not surprising that residents are not satisfied with the large amounts of heavy equipment that are being shipped to the Mary River site prior to the legal approval of this expansion, says Chris Depp, Vice-President of Policy and Legal Affairs for the Northwest Passage. "
The pre-constructed equipment was taken from the Trigram Building.
The equipment that is being shipped to the Mary River site is part of a package of pre-constructed rail parts that Baffinland acquired from Dannebrog's various suppliers in the Netherlands.
The two large buildings, which were the first ones to arrive, were designed by Abraham, while the third one was designed to be a rail loading dock, designed by Stephens, Bermuda, Thailand, the newspaper said.
Agnico-Eagle Mines also brought in a load limiter, a load limiter and a number of other equipment that will be used for rail transportation. "
The list of assets that Baffinland submitted to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board included rail fencing and access roads, as well as berms for metal and solid waste. "
The first ship they sent to Bangladesh, a ship called Bangladesh Bangladesh, weighed 5,500 tonnes of cargo, and left Bangladesh in early August. "
Two additional cargo ships were carrying additional supplies this past summer, and more will be coming in the summer of 2020, Tesco said. "
Under a bilateral agreement with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Baffinland agreed to invest an additional $18 million in reclamation costs for the clean-up of the Mary River mine if the project collapsed, the water board's letter said.
Nunavut's Legal Services Board announces new Acting Languages Commissioner
Karliin Aariak's appointment comes into effect on October 21.
The Nunavut Court of Justice appointed the Acting Languages Commissioner, Colleen Aariak, after Helen Klengenberg resigned last September from her office. "
Karliin Aariak, a resident of Iqaluit, was appointed Nunavut's acting Languages Commissioner.
Mr. Speaker, the Honourable Simeon Mikkungwak, Speaker of the House of Commons, announced the appointment, which will take effect on Monday, October 21. "
Karliin Aariak of Iqaluit will serve as Nunavut's acting Languages Commissioner.
Photographs of Karliin Aariak (Aariak)
In reference to Ms. Aariak's work, which includes both the Office of the Languages Commissioner and the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, it provides me with the opportunity to address these important issues.
Under the Official Languages Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Languages Commissioner's mandate is to protect the language rights of Inuktitut, French and English speakers. "
The Languages Commissioner also plays a role in monitoring and evaluating, advising and protecting language rights. "
Mr. Speaker, under the Official Languages Act, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is appointed for a term of four years by the Commissioner of Nunavut after the Legislative Assembly makes a decision. "
The Management and Services Board of the Legislative Assembly may also consider the appointment of an acting Languages Commissioner when the position is vacant and when the House is not sitting, this information also indicates that the appointment of Mr. Arreak was made. "
The former Languages Commissioner, Helen Klengenberg, resigned from office in September. "
Eva Aariak, Colleen's mother and Nunavut's Premier, was the first Languages Commissioner of Nunavut before she was elected in 2008 to the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut. "
In response to the public invitation issued by the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut, the Solicitor General stated that, and I quote, "more information is available on our website."
Montreal Women's Centre announces plans for emergency night centre
Inuit Women make up 15 percent of the attendees at the Women's Centre
Mona Blondin, the Executive Director of this Women's Drop-In Centre, Chez Designs, the Women's Drop-In Centre and Cathy Wenteen, a city councillor representing the Peterborough area and a spokesperson for the Montreal City Council, discussed the plans for a 22-bed women's shelter in the Montreal area on October 16 in a press release.
Mr. Speaker, (photo from the City of Montreal)
The Montreal town of Val-d'Or allows us to begin the expansion of a program started by the women's shelter, the day centre for women who are homeless, which is designed to be a converted house that was acquired last year. "
The residents "decision, announced on Wednesday, October 16th, will allow for the installation of a new building at the centre not too far away, which will then become an emergency shelter for women at night."
The Women's Centre, Women's Day at 1430 Smithsonian Road in Montreal, is open seven days a week to women who need help. "
A lot of them survive.
The Women's Drop-In Centre is now located on Salmon Road, not too far from Atwater Road and Kopper Square Drive, "Gathering for People in Town."
The women's centre is well known to many Inuit women, who make up 15 percent of the population in the centre. "
Set to open in the winter of 2021, this building's emergency night centre was purchased from a contribution of $1 million from Montreal businessman Andrew Harper through the Joyce Community Foundation in Montreal. "
Thanks to this new facility, we will be able to house 22 beds for the women who are homeless, "said Marina Blondin, the executive director of the Chege Cemetery, who said in a press release after the event at the women's shelter.
Mr. Speaker, at present, women make up 25 percent of the homeless population in Montreal, but the resources available to women are not enough. "
This project is an appropriate initiative.
Mr. Speaker, the good news is that the centre expansion was announced less than a week after this person, Clara Uyarasuk, originally from Nunatsiavut, passed away on October 11 at the hospital. "
Mr. Burlington told Nunatsiaq News that this was a close call after his daughter committed suicide while in custody because she had a chronic illness.
"There are more and more people coming to the city because of housing shortages and legal problems," Burlington says.
Many of them go to the women's shelter and they sleep during the day because there are six beds available. They sleep there for a few hours and then they end up spending the night outside. "
This is going to change because there is going to be a new bed in the evening.
Currently, the women's shelter, which houses approximately 100 women on a daily basis, offers services and activities to address women's needs in the areas of homelessness, food insecurity, mental health, and substance abuse. "
Burlington said the number of Inuit women entering the program has remained relatively stable since 2018.
We have no choice but to make sure that we get the women out there who need more help with their basic needs like clothing and bathroom facilities, "she says.
This is the only women's day centre in Montreal, the Saj Drive Women's Centre is now open seven days a week from 8am to 3am. "
Due to the fact that they were able to run their programs, the women's centre was on a weekend break and they didn't provide services for six months in 2014 because we didn't have enough money. "
We are hoping that we will get some financial assistance from Makivik, but we don't know if we are going to get it this time around. It says Burlington.
The Women's Shelter also administers the Inuit Impact Benefit Program but the Women's Drop-In Centre raises funds to be able to deliver this program, as they do 70 percent of their operating costs from the $1.7 million per year. "
Kathy Wong, a city councillor representing the following people in the Peterborough area and a spokesperson for the Montreal City Council, said in a news release that the new night centre will also provide more women with access to the services that are available to people who want them to be safe and secure. "
Nunavut does not have a Liberal system
In response to serious questions, the Liberal Party did not make a good offer. "
The victory of Mr. Qaqqaq on October 21 is a testament to his refusal to accept the Liberal Party's policy on Nunavut and the North.
Do you think of it in the Liberal press release?
They produce a lot of news in a row.
There are more things that we can remember.
That's fine with me, because the majority of Nunavut voters showed up on October 21, what they didn't deliver. "
Starting in 2015, Justin Trudeau and other Liberal governments in Nunavut have published many news articles. "
In fact some of the information that was provided was new information.
Mr. Speaker, in the end, the people of Nunavut simply said, "Wow."
In the end, however, they were thinner for the political parties. Since 1961, Canadians have been turning to them for change: The New Democratic Party. "
Mr. Speaker, this is not so old as Mr. Qaqqaq's winning entry is a testament to his rejection of Mr. Trudeau's commitment to the north and north of Canada, which includes his unwavering commitment to Inuit-federal relations. "
Since 2015, Trudeau has worked with other co-management organizations like Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, Qikiqtani Inuit Association and others. "
But this week's election is a testament to the people of Nunavut that this Inuit-federal relationship is not worth it.
Mr. Speaker, I find this to be somewhat ironic, because at the end of the day, to the basic questions of the people of Nunavut, the Liberals couldn't really answer them. "
Mr. Speaker, it is well known by the majority of people in Nunavut that one of the major issues facing our economy and society is housing, food insecurity, the high cost of food, and transportation, including tuberculosis and suicide, which is almost daily. "
Mr. Speaker, when Mr. Trudeau last came to Nunavut on October 8th, there was very little good news on these issues. "
He talked about South Baffin and talked about climate change and adaptation.
"Not only are these issues of national concern to all Canadians, but during the election period, Nunavummiut are interested in hearing their concerns about housing and the high cost of living."
What happened was that the Sylvia Grinnell River was one of the Heritage River sites, not for Nunavut voters, but for southern Canadians. "
In doing so, he did not respond to the concerns of Nunavummiut and Nunavut Liberal candidate Megan Pizzo-Lyall, who, in turn, did not contribute as much as she should have received from the President of the Liberal party. "
In the case of food prices and poor nutrition, the Liberals took action, put in place a higher subsidy on the Nutrition North Canada Program, and put in more money, about 12.5 million dollars a year for aboriginal hunters in Nunavut and other areas in the north. "
But the hunting assistance program has to come out and nobody can say why it is like that.
Mr. Speaker, on August 1 of this year, Toronto hosted a major event in Iqaluit and Arctic Bay, signing an agreement to initiate the Lancaster Sound Marine Conservation Area and promised to establish a new conservation area called "Arctic Bay."
I would like to thank the minister for doing that by giving a lot of money to the communities in North Baffin for small craft harbours and protection of jobs. "
He also spoke passionately on the issue of protection, such as reconciliation with indigenous peoples.
The problem with doing this type of work is this: Coughing with TB in overcrowded conditions, this is a cabinet meeting and it doesn't make any sense. "
Mr. Speaker, in light of this situation, do you recall that the Liberal Government made a major announcement about tuberculosis? "
This was done in early 2018 when Jane Fletcher, then Canada's Public Health Minister, announced that tuberculosis would be eradicated in Inuit communities by 2030. "
But Mr. Baldwin, the federal minister that committed to doing that is no longer there.
In reference to Mr. Trudeau's treatment of Jody Wilson Roberts and his controversial dealings with the SNC-Lavalin party, Mr. Barbera resigned from his position as MP. "
Since then, the Liberals have not heard anything about tuberculosis prevention. "
It sounds like the money that was going to be used for the hunters "assistance program, it's just stuck in an Inuit-federal relationship.
Mr. Speaker, the standing committee recognizes that tuberculosis is a major contributor to poor health, poor nutrition, and inadequate housing. "
Mr. Speaker, in the area of housing, Mr. Trudeau offered a sweatshirt and a sweatshirt this past summer. "
The Government of Nunavut's National Inuit Housing Program, developed by the Inuit Tapirisat of Canada, does not anticipate any results. "
We would also like to congratulate Mamiela Qaqqaq for winning the award.
As one of the four regional lawyers in the House of Commons, she will need help to get her message across. "
Let's give the people of Nunavut an opportunity and support.
Mick Qaqqaq won two awards for bravery, Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Pizzo-Lyall.
I hope that these two continue to serve the people of Nunavut and the north.
The member asked the cabinet about the $80 million increase for the Weber Avenue Project.
Looking at my colleagues here, we are prepared to make a decision on the $80 million.
Joelie Hiqiniq, the Member for Amittuq, was one of the Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut who was asking the Government about the $80 million increase to the Iqaluit-Tasiluk portion of the Weber Architectural Program. "
Some Nunavut lawyers are questioning the unspecified benefits of the expansion of the - and Iqaluit-Weber-Apple program.
In August of this year, the federal government announced that it would invest $151 million in a project, which is targeted at 1,700 kilometres of Weber Arch, from Greenland through the Davis Strait to Iqaluit. "
This will then be shipped to Kimmirut.
In the meantime, the Government of Nunavut will develop the design and construction phase of the project, which should be completed by 2023. "
Last year, the Legislative Assembly approved this project, which was estimated to cost $126 million. "
On top of that about a year ago, we were informed that the project costs had increased as a result of inflation and it was felt that it was in the neighbourhood of 209 million dollars. John Main, the MLA for Arviat North-Whale Cove, said in his member's statement on Wednesday, October 23rd.
This is a $80 million dollar difference, "Mayer said.
From the perspective of my colleagues, we are prepared to make a decision on the merits of the $80 million.
The federal contribution from the Small Communities and the Northern Community Infrastructure Fund to the Investment Canada Plan is part of the Canada Strategic Infrastructure Fund.
The project is now before the Management and Services Board to review the proposed expenditures for the year 2020-21.
During the following day's question period, Joelie came forward, the Member for Amittuq asked Mr. Quassa Kusugak, Minister of Community and Government Services, "This $80 million increase will allow the government to plan for a business case."
The purpose of this process, as defined in the Government of Nunavut's Capital Planning Process, is to ensure that this project has a clear definition, and that information is available on developments, the appropriate cost estimates and timelines, prior to the beginning of the capital planning process. "
I'm just wondering if the minister could indicate if any work has been done or not. "
Member for Rankin Inlet North, Ms. Kusugak.
The business plan has been completed and they are still doing a feasibility study.
When we were informed, we found out that it was going to be a lot more expensive.
Mina, who is sitting next to me in the Chair of the House of Commons, is standing up to ask another question. Ms. Kusugak. "
Can the minister indicate how this large project costs up over the course of the year?
Ms. Kusugak goes on to say that after the budget was approved last year, the department reviewed the project and the costs increased as a result of the review. "
Ms. Kusugak went on to say, "In May of 2019, the department was of the view that its funding proposal would have to be increased to approximately $19.6 million in order to provide the maximum amount of federal assistance available to the project if it was needed."
The next day, on October 24, Maine rose again in question period to follow up with the Finance Minister George Hickes on the same issue. "
Under the direction of the Financial Management Board, what steps were taken and what steps were taken to inform the department of the $80 million dollar cost increase in this cost of the project? "
Mr. Mayer asked.
In response to Mr. Hickes "comments about the federal government's increase in funding for this project, and in addition to supporting the proposed marine research facility, the Government of Nunavut has also increased its contribution."
The Department of Community and Government Services gave it back to the Financial Management Board for this reason when they found that there were not enough funds to pay for the shortfall.
Mr. Hickes also noted that approximately half of the Government of Nunavut's 25 percent contribution is to the project, which is the federal government's 75 percent contribution. "
As a Government of Nunavut, we don't have to pay the full 80 million dollars, we would have to pay 25% of that. "
The standing committee looks forward to ongoing updates on the status of the department's work in this area.
Nunavut needs its own federal regulator, says Makivik President "
Sally Ford calls for change after federal election
The Honourable Charlie Watts, President of the Makivik Corporation, issued a news release on October 22 following the federal election, stating that Nunavik should have its own federal regulator.
Bundy Elaine Anisimou
While Makivik President Charlie Ford did not change his position on the Nunavik legal location when he announced his intention to run for the next Legislative Assembly, Shelby Ruediger. "
We will be seeking input from the Nunavut Electoral Boundaries Commission to ensure that, and I quote, "Nunavik will have its own political body dedicated to our territory, now more than likely in the interest of self-reliance in our work."
That's what we need from the provincial level.
Snow James Bay-Nunavik is one of the largest federal political projects in Quebec, spearheaded by Nunavik South Baffin to the far north, with about four to six 2019 federal candidates who live in the province, including the Pujualussait Co-op.
The Nunavik leaders have wanted to have their own government for Nunavut since 1972.
In 2002, the Kativik Community Government along with Makivik went to the Federal Electoral Boundaries Commission on this issue and again in 2011. "
Since the division was expanded in 2013, it has expanded to two communities in the south. "
The four regions were re-designed, in the case of the Commission, to bring the population up to par. "
It says here in Quebec, "With a population of 100,000 people in the region, the number of snow-blowers in Nunavik is less than 85 thousand people."
When Nunavik's population was around 13,000km, Nunavik's population was below 13,000km, but its leaders have argued that here in Nunavik it is an independent society. "
One of the smallest jurisdictions in Canada is the province of Labrador, which has a population of approximately 26,000 people, while Newfoundland has a population of about 80,000. "
Danny Rubio won Northern Quebec, by over 11,000 votes, or 40 percent, behind the Liberal and Conservative candidates. "
Mr. Ford congratulated Green Party candidate Kara Barnabas-Whitley, an Inuk from Kuujjuaq, who came in fifth place with over a thousand votes. "
During Mr. Fortier's speech, he welcomed Mr. Pompeo to Nunavik to visit him as soon as possible. "
I look forward to meeting with him, and his support for self-reliance during this process is commendable, as well as issues such as the implementation of the Nationals Act on the Rights of Indigenous People, "Ford said.
Mr. Speaker, a major announcement was made by Blackstone Co-op President Francois Blanchet, while the separatist Party won 32 seats to go to Quebec. "
Mr. Speaker, we look forward to working with our partners to support the development of our mandate in Nunavik through the provision of legal and commercial legal services and to establish appropriate working relationships. "
However, because of Quebec's desire for independence, Inuit have long made a contribution to Canadian unity. "
Mr. Ward set up the previous election, although he did not have a Liberal seat in the new government, to allow the different Party groups and Canadians to come together. "
Chancellor Justin Trudeau has a strong government that doesn't have a lot of seats in it, and he can work with the other entrants from the political world, the Blackhawks, the Green party, the Conservative Party and independent candidates to pass legislation and bring it to the House of Commons, and work towards getting it together and talk about it. "
For those of us who were elected to represent Nunavut in the upcoming Legislative Assembly, I would like to apologize to Mr. Qaqqaq, who is from Baker Lake, for his predicament. "
I remember when NTI was having a meeting in Baker Lake in 1871, Tagak Curley, from Fort Smith, said, "I don't know."
Mr. Speaker, we were young at that time.
I hope to see you and I look forward to working with you in such areas as Inuit self-reliance at the same time, for generations to come. "
Re-implementing a cancer prevention program in the RSVA in Nunavut, thousands of people say "
Minister for Health and Social Services, you will save money on the number of people with lung cancer. "
This airline, Air Ambulance Nunavut Ltd., is on a strike at the Iqaluit International Airport this summer to disrupt the flying public.
In some years, when children with lung cancer have to be sent out of the territory for follow-up treatment, this results in the use of aircraft and medical travel costs a considerable amount of money. "
I would like to congratulate Dr. Anna Bennett and her colleagues at the University of Toronto's Medical School for their first workshop in 1989 for bringing this issue forward through the Changeover at the end of September, and for the thousands of dollars to be signed off on this agreement. "
But when this report was just put together, there were 23,322 names put together and now they want to reach 25 thousand signatures. "
The announcement stated that the Government of Nunavut would protect a significant number of life expectancy and reduce the need for hospitalizations for infants by implementing a new Public Health Strategy called Paediatrics for all infants under six months old.
It is called Paediatric Disease, although it is not a vaccination program, and it is a marketing program called "Syngs.com."
It is clearly identified in the infant's lung health that there is a higher incidence of RSV, which is an acronym for "Retrofit Syndrome," which is a pediatric form of pneumococcal disease that is associated with pneumococcal disease, as well as a form of pneumococcal disease called "syndrome."
However, Dr. Michael Patterson, the Chief Medical Officer of Health in Nunavut, said in a Nunatsiaq News interview that "The Government of Nunavut contributes 11% to 12% of babies under the age of 2."
We are using it more often for babies at risk of developing cancer with the RSVNs, and also for charities such as the World Health Organization, "she says.
This includes babies born, under the age of 35 who are pregnant, or babies with chronic lung or heart disease. "
Mr. Pollard, who is an instructor in early childhood education at the University of Toronto's School of Medicine, has written a series of curriculum books over the past 15 years on the "Introduction and Cost of RSV North."
In reference to the study, this person is very dissatisfied with the current Nunavut policy and stated that all Nunavut infants should have this cancer screening program. "
Dr. Anna Benjamin, an associate professor of pediatric medicine at the University of Toronto's School of Medicine, said in her research that an Inuit infant immunization program called Paediatric Medicine would help "save lives and money."
Nunavut's share of these costs is significant.
He indicated in his assessment that the RSV disease was chronic and widespread and would provide a number of air ambulance and medical services to the Nunavut Department of Health.
Cancer prevention is very expensive: Approximately $5,600 per patient. "
"However, despite the price tag, Banjeri and many others believe that this is a significant discount."
"Air ambulance service is one of the most effective means of transporting patients to and from Nunavut."
What we have done is we have done a lot of analysis that shows that if we give more people in the north in the decentralized model, we will save money, "he said in an interview.
Through a cost analysis, published in the 2013 edition, it was found to have a high rate of lung cancer in Kitikmeot infants: Set at 389 out of 1,000. "
During the study, which was conducted between January 1, 2009 and June 30, 2010, it was determined that the cost of medical travel for this disease reached $57,535. "
In the Qikiqtani region, lung cancer among infants was in 2002 out of 1,000 newborns and in the Kivalliq region, 230 out of 1,000 newborns. "
This means that the Government of Nunavut has spent approximately 5.9 million dollars on paediatric patients in the Qikiqtani region and approximately 5.7 million dollars in the Kivalliq region for paediatric patients which was the result of the study.
However, as it turned out, the Kivalliq had the highest rate of lung cancer hospitalization: $63,686.00. "
It's a matter of saving money, because lung cancer rates are so high. "
The head nurse in Ontario supports the registry.
People with infants are 10 times more likely to be hospitalized for lung cancer than those with high risk infants and the disease is much more likely to have side effects.
Even though this is a very controversial issue, Inuit babies in Nunavut do not get health protection from cancer, Mr. Grundy wrote in his submission.
Another issue is the status of professionals identified in the Washington School of Medicine, the Canadian Medical Association and the National Institutes of Health Research for Indigenous Peoples. "
However, healthy babies in Nunavut at the end of their pregnancy do not receive this disease even if they come from a dangerous community other than Iqaluit and are more likely to suffer from lung cancer.
Banjeri admits that they were doing the wrong thing.
I have worked very hard on behalf of the people of Nunavut.
I have also shown what I am describing to the public.
Katlyn Plantz, Jane Fletcher, has seen my column and said it's not credible, she says. "
Nunavik inoculates all infants
Mr. Speaker, after extensive consultation, unlike Nunavut, the Department of Health in Nunavik has delivered the Pathway to all infants over the past three years. "
On October 18, the Minister of Health, the Honourable George Hickes, stated in response to questions from Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu MLA Pat Angnakak, that the Government of Nunavut should "take a good hard look at what Nunavik is doing."
We are following up on that particular project, Mr. Hickes. "
Ms. Angnakak said that the RSV has a serious impact on the health of the family.
Not too long ago, I know that the baby had to be sent to the hospital by the RSVD and it had a huge impact on the family, especially when he was a very young child. "
But Mr. Hicks defended the Government of Nunavut's current programs and said that it was not the government that would save money on behalf of the Inuit but that they would not provide that.
Mr. Speaker, this is not a legal or policy decision on the side.
Minister Hickes says, "It depends on the quality of health care."
Mr. Patterson went on to state that in Nunavik, the program started three years ago with children under the age of six.
We are still waiting for the numbers to come in, and once we find out that there is a significant cost savings in the use of human resources, then we will be able to implement that very quickly, Mr. Patterson says. "
It is my understanding, however, that there are still not enough certification requirements in Nunavut. "
There are two ministers that I don't agree with in regards to the petitions and the other one is to show that this has been completed, or that there is a scientific explanation for this. "
There are still a lot of people out there who have questions.
The activities of the Human Rights Tribunal in Nunavut have been going on for some time.
In 2008, the Government of Nunavut refused to participate in the Panellized Survey on RSVV, or professional programs in Greenland, Nunavik and the Northwest Territories. "
A small building on display arrives in Churchill
Nunavik Construction Limited Competes Small Housing Projects
"A small building is on display, from Nunavik Construction, which was shipped to Churchill by ship this past summer."
Photograph of Nunavik Construction Company (NCC)
The first small materials manufactured by Nunavut Housing Corporation arrived in Kuujjuaq this past summer.
Mr. Speaker, I wanted to take this opportunity to show you how wonderful we have been building in the west, says Willie Godfrey, one of the founders of Nunavik Construction, Home Design and Engineering Offices in Churchill and Naverville, Quebec. "
Mr. Speaker, ten years before that, Mr. Godfrey, from Churchill, worked as a plumber, a carpenter, and a housing developer, had a conflict with a housing expert called Claude Janes. "
When we started talking about affordable housing in the north, Mr. Godfrey said.
The cost of living in the north is too high.
That's where it started.
This has resulted in the design of small units with a view to northern climates.
Buildings with stainless steel walls and roofs are wind resistant and can last longer than normal.
It is made of insulation made from thermosiphon beams, roofs and roofs and has three-storey windows to keep the temperature down. "
They have floor heating, not things like wall finishes or furnaces, to keep the temperature at the same level as the rest of the house. "
I think that's the only way that we can do it in the north.
There have been a lot of problems with the furnaces and some of them are too small.
People are saying more and more that their feet are freezing.
Their houses are well insulated but they are whispering.
A design has been developed by the Nunavik Construction Corporation for a one-bedroom cabin.
Photograph of Nunavik Construction Company (NCC)
As a result of his work on furnaces and pipes all over Nunavut, Mr. Godfrey is responsible for ensuring that the houses are built according to standards, that everything is up to code and up to code. "
Madam Minister, Nunavut Construction Corporation has a wide range of criteria for small units, four-bedroom units, and alternative options available to them. "
They can add additional classrooms and they can be expanded, for example, when they become bigger children. "
"The house is on display in Churchill with one bedroom, five metres to the ground and ten metres to the ground."
There is an entrance at the end of the building to the kitchen and to the living room.
Just over your bedroom and over there is a bathroom.
The power plant is located in another building just behind it.
It took about two hours for the building to be completed and put in place the electrical and plumbing systems.
Mr. Speaker, this house can be purchased for a total of 228,000sqm, for the foundation and everything inside, says Mr. Godfrey.
In Nunavik, it costs between $500,000 and $600,000, "he said.
We are trying to build houses that are affordable and that have problems with the water pipes, "says Godfrey.
I have been a plumber, I have been an oil burner mechanic for a number of years now and a lot of the repairs that have been done are not done properly, the plumbing is not up to par, the furnace is not up to par. "
That is what I have been building for many years and now we have something that is more suitable for the north.
Units built in Sherbrooke, Quebec, and during the month of construction, Godfrey says, were also trucked and delivered on sealift. "
After receiving the order and the booking is on time for the sealift, the building should be on site by next summer. "
In the future, if this is successful, we are thinking of building a facility in the north, "he said.
However, this is a significant amount of money.
He went on to say that these facilities across the north would be adequate and they would be very happy to receive any orders from Nunavut or from Greenland.
We are open to it and we are just waiting for people to find out what the costs are and they are prepared to build houses, "said Mr. Godfrey.
We are prepared to assist people in need of housing.
"In northern Canada, the sea ice is at its lowest level at this time."
We may be a month behind schedule for the next fiscal year.
"The permafrost is very late this year," says Gjoa Haven resident Willie Aglukkaq. "This photo was taken October 18."
In Gjoa Haven, that's not the case. "
I have never seen the ice conditions like that in my whole life.
Sergeant-At-Arms Willie Aglukark (Iqaluit)
Betti Dustin Battye
Last October, Judah Sarpinak from Igloolik had to go seal hunting by snowmobile.
When he was trying to do that the following year, he had to go by boat. "
Mr. Speaker, in Nunavut and other northern jurisdictions, it is no different. "
Mr. Speaker, this is the first time I have seen this temperature change in my lifetime, says Ms. Willie Aglukkaq of Gjoa Haven for almost 40 years. "
He is correct.
Mr. Speaker, as of October 15, the sea ice conditions were approximately 5.118 million square kilometres, the lowest since records began in 1968. "
Depending on where we are at, we may be up to a month later than we were a year ago, says Joyce Liggett, a technical analyst with Geological Services Canada. "
But this is not the first year that the ice conditions are so low.
April was also the worst year for ice conditions on record.
This was followed by a July publication of the most recent survey.
In August, the loss of ice slowed down the process. "
We had the same level of ice in 2007 and 2016, but it was higher than in 2012, says Walter Mayer, a senior researcher with the Canadian Institute of Technology and the Neonatal Institute. "
We're at the lower end of 2012 because of the favourable climate change in 2012 that came right back to the mainland, but in the winter time there was a lot of thawing ice. "
As of October 15, the ice conditions were lower than 2012, which was the lowest at that time. "
Code of Practice by NSSCICO
The ability of the sea ice to form depends on the temperature.
If there is water that does not have ice and the temperature is colder than it is in the water, then even though the temperature is outside it will get colder and the water will get colder earlier or later freeze up.
"However, Arctic temperatures in October are very unseasonably cold, with record temperatures for the past six months."
It was a long summer and it says, "Maybe."
Starting in April, the monthly average was about a third of the warmest arctic temperatures recorded, whereas May and August were at the highest levels. "
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to table a collection of photographs from UNEPA.
This year's event will give us a bigger picture.
Through initiatives such as global warming and people's use of vehicles, we have seen a reduction in the amount of ice thickness since 1979, says Pascal Pattunji, Director of the GRID-Gavin, a press release issued by the Nature Conservancy of the Environment Program of the UNESCO.
What is happening this year in the Arctic, is that the shrinking ice has benefited the Arctic from global warming over the years. "
In other words, according to this report, the global warming has increased by 0.5C over the past ten years from 1982 to 2017, primarily as a result of the deterioration of the solar system in 1979. "
This is twice as fast as the rest of the world.
This summer has been no different.
Even though the ice conditions continue to be the same throughout the year, the ice is now back to normal. "
Minister Aglukkaq, the ice is just starting to freeze.
For ten days, since October 20, the sea ice has increased by approximately 1.5 million square kilometres, including the water in the Gjoa Haven area. "
As it stands now, the rate of freeze-up may be higher than it was in 2012. "
Iqaluit welcomes new fire chief
Mr. Speaker, to me this is a fun thing to do.
Gord Howard became the Iqaluit Fire Chief a couple of weeks ago.
He has since read and researched this matter, but he says that his new position could do more. "
Minister's Photographer Dustin Papatak (Iqaluit)
When Gordon Howard appeared before the City Council on October 22 as the fire chief, he did not expect to be interviewed. "
Do you support the Montreal Canucks?
The question is directed to the member, Mr. Joanasie.
After a moment of silence, Howard responded, "No."
They are here with a lot of laughter.
Mr. Speaker, a week later, in an interview with Nunatsiaq News, Mr. Howard said, "As a matter of fact I decided that my clients should not be heard."
Tom Hodgson, who grew up in Hamilton, went to Iqaluit last night and travelled through Malibu, Ontario, the community of Collingwood in the vicinity of George Bay. "
Although he has been here for the first time, he is also from the north. "
During the past ten years as an emergency health officer for the Canadian Forces, the area near Arviat has been a tent in the middle of winter. "
I understand the snow, I understand it's in the cold, but there has to be something done about it. "
It seems like it's in another world and that's why I brought it up here.
The fire marshal and the department are quite innovative, says Mr. Hodgson, talking about the Iqaluit Fire Department not combining some of them with some of them being professional firefighters and some of them just doing volunteer work. "
That is the only thing that Mr. Howard did not take to Iqaluit.
In addition to their experience as a former firefighter and an emergency response officer in a rare situation like this, this was also due in large part to the Iqaluit fire.
"The history of this department is incredible," says Mr. Howard.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge the hard work and dedication of my constituents.
Some of the things that the department is doing in terms of, and now Mr. Hodgson, the new one here, is dealing with water problems and the lack of resources, the fire department here and the fire hall being too small. "
Mr. Speaker, we can't make this change overnight and nobody seems to want to see too many changes in the middle of the night.
If we continue to move forward and not go backwards, I would be more than happy to do that, "said Mr. Howard.
To me, it's a very exciting project. "
Bear with us, what we are trying to do and what we know now is that we can do better. "
As a follow-up to the first question on the city's appointment as the new director of emergency services, the Toronto assistant deputy minister says Mr. Howard with a smile. "
It's good to hear that some of them are in support of the fire hall in Toronto.
I brought a copy of the flag with me, so we will be able to show it to you in our vehicle if the Stanley Cup is won in the next 20- 30 years. "
Cervical infections have become a concern for Nunavik patients travelling to Montreal for medical reasons.
The hotel manager says that they do inspections but they haven't found anything.
This person just wants to eat in a classroom that you wouldn't want to see: A bed of mice.
However, in recent years, bedbugs have been seen at the Québec Hotel where medical clients from Nunavik stay when they come to the city. "
The issue of bedbugs that are seen in Nunavik boarding homes when they travel to Montreal is a major concern for the patients and their families.
This picture shows the cervical bedbug that Cecilia Dubravka saw last month in her mother's room at the Cordi Lodge Hotel in Kirk Drive.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to table a photograph from Cecilia Tookalook (interpretation)
In the middle of October, Cecilia Kawaka visited her mother at the Cordi Lodge in Doris and she was very scared: She was under the blanket because she saw Eli Komakatoak, and she took this picture. "
Churchill Komakatsaka from the perspective of Ellesmere said to a patient from Nunavik who is a supervisor at the Ublivik Boarding Home, in this case they have several rooms, 39 in total, when the first floor is full. "
Karnika phoned her mother and told her that she would never be there again.
The CEO of the boarding home, Syed Abdus, told Nunatsiaq News last week that he is dealing with a situation where the bedbugs are seen in the facility.
Mr. Speaker, in this case a few days ago, when there was an investigation done, by a chiropractor with a report, they couldn't find it. "
One example of a room inspection was found to have been a bedbug infestation, but they are no longer here. "
Abdus Noor also shared an email with a number of patients who had seen the bedbug infestation.
In light of the importance of the Ublivik Boarding Home's operations, Abdus Noor said all rooms were dealt with this year and are regularly inspected and dealt with as required. "
Nunatsiaq News was unable to contact the Nunavik Community Health Committee or the board of directors of the (interpretation ends) board of directors (interpretation) responsible for the Nunavik Health Centre in Montreal with respect to cervical bedbugs and their role in this process.
These are the MNQs who wrote their concerns in an email to Abdus Nunaat.
It appears that the patients have been experiencing bedbug infections and have decided not to stay at the hotel, writes George Telland, President of Ublivik, on October 16. "
Can the minister give me an idea of what the issue is and what the issue is and when the problem will be resolved?
We have to inform the patients about the bedbug infestation before they are treated.
Ublivik always looks after the patients in their closet before they go in.
There are some bedbug infestations in the Montreal area: Bedbugs were forced to close government offices in the Cementation Geologic-Free a month ago.
If there are bedbugs in patients "homes in the north, this would not be the first time, as was done in 2010 in Winnipeg."
Mr. Speaker, Chloe's bedbug infestation is unpleasant: It may be small, but it can be itchy if you are chewing gum, waterproof and colourful when you are bitten from the skin. "
The bedbug infestation, which is caused by a lump in the lungs, reduces the amount of blood flow to the arteries and reduces the sensitivity of the muscle.
On the other end of the tunnel, the bed's coat of blood is pumped out of the water, sometimes for five minutes, until it thaws out, looking for the red cloud, and it looks like it's on the ground. "
Chloe's bedbug infestation is eating every five to ten days and they can live for a whole year, usually at the bottom of the intestines, glaciers and other chemicals, in the dark and they come up with the desire to eat. "
The good news is that the bedbugs don't stay in the cold water, so they fall asleep and die. "
So you can shoot your bags outside in less than two days.
Make sure you don't have a bedbug infestation, check it on the person's head, look at the bottom of the house and don't put your bag in the bed. "
When you go home, wash your clothes before they go into your bedroom and check your bags for bedding. "
If you look at the bedbug situation in the Montreal hotel, you can call 311 for city problems. "
Mr. Speaker, Baffinland's public meeting ended suddenly, with more meetings in Pond Inlet being cancelled. "
Inuit have to be involved in the process.
Because it affects all people's lives, it says NTI President "
Representatives from Igloolik and Pond Inlet are hearing from Alookie Kuuttiq, NTI's president, on a resolution to end the Nunavut Impact Review Board's final hearing on Baffinland's proposal to phase 2 expansion on Wednesday, November 6, in Iqaluit. "
Sergeant-At-Arms photographer Emma Tindall (Iqaluit)
Betsy Emma Thunder and Elaine Osbourne
An excerpt from the Nunavut Impact Review Board's meeting on Baffinland's proposal to expand the Mary River Iron Ore Mine suddenly ended, with the next two days of meetings in Pond Inlet cancelled. "
On Wednesday, November 6, NTI President Aluki Kuuttiq passed a motion calling for an immediate end to this last public meeting and for this meeting to continue from eight months to a year. "
It was loud and clear for those who came out to speak to their counterparts to cry, as members looked around to see what Baffinland was going to do with this incident.
Mr. Speaker, as you can see, Baffinland's technical team had some cracks in their face, sometimes by shifting their arm and pointing to the table while Mr. Kuuttiq offered his motion. "
We are concerned that this public meeting will be completed before the terms of reference are finalized.
People need to be consulted and have a good discussion.
I think anyone in this room would like to know both the results and the impact it would have on NTI and the organizations. Mr. Kuuttiq says this House is full of people who want to talk about it and the people. "
"It affects all people's lives," she says.
The following motion was tabled on the fifth day of the public meeting in Iqaluit, just before the hour was up. "
The Nunavut Impact Review Board's first meeting was scheduled to take place in Pond Inlet on November 8 and 9.
The Nunavut Impact Review Board accepted Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated's motion to end this meeting and the Pond Inlet meeting was cancelled. "
During the course of the week, Baffinland's representatives kept up to date on their plans to build a rail link north of Mary River from the Mary River project to the Mary River port. "
Mr. Speaker, this railroad and other materials from the port would make it easier for the company to produce more than 6 million tonnes of iron ore a year and produce up to 12 million tonnes. "
But what is particularly noteworthy this week is that Baffinland's proposal to modify their project permits is to remove the existing deadline and put in place a restriction on shipping, a 20-cylinder train going back and forth and a 176cylinder for next year's sealift. "
The motion to end the meeting was supported by all interested parties, many of whom expressed concern over the uncertainty surrounding the project. "
Mr. J.P. Akeeagok, the President of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, told Nunatsiaq News that he believes the Nunavut Impact Review Board's process provides people with an opportunity to ask questions about these important issues and provides an opportunity for community members to express their concerns on a permanent basis. "
Mr. Akeeagok also stated that the motion was not expected, but it was well organized on the last day of the meeting. "
Baffinland officials see Mr. Kotierk as the mover of the motion to suspend the project.
Mr. Speaker, I think there are too many questions that have not been resolved yet.
From the minister's perspective, if you are going to make a decision about your future, then you have to be informed and make a good decision. "
There wasn't enough here.
Representatives from the North Baffin communities also unanimously passed the motion.
There needs to be more information and research done, says Amanda Hanson, who is a researcher with the Mittimatalik Hunters and Trappers Organization. "
He said the project could have a serious impact on our values and lifestyles and on the world we live in.
Some of the participants at the table said they were not satisfied with the Mary River project, and they just wanted to see the Baffinland project go ahead in Nunavut, but they had too many questions and concerns about the proposed expansion. "
Mr. Speaker, the concerns that we hear from the Hamlet of Igloolik are that it is too flooded and inadequate. Peter Ivalu, representing the Hamlet of Igloolik.
All of the information has to be translated.
Everything has to be transparent.
Mr. Speaker, the Government of Nunavut also agreed with this motion, which stated that "there is too much disagreement between those who wish to have a say in the matter and those who wish to have a say in it."
The Government of Canada also supported the motion, but stated that the Nunavut Impact Review Board has the final say as to how long the moratorium will be in effect. "
In response to questions from our legal counsel, Baffinland stated that they were dissatisfied with the motion to terminate the lease for eight months and that they were dissatisfied with this motion until they were informed. "
All of the good work that went into this announcement meeting was scheduled to take place on November 2. Brad Armstrong, legal counsel for Baffinland. "
No one said that they were not prepared to start on that date.
Whatever was being said there was no way to stop them from getting to this point.
Mr. Speaker, Meghan Lovely-Hodgson, Vice President of Recycling for Baffinland, said the delay would have an impact on her department's "immediate problems with the project."
Ministers, however, will continue to do whatever we can to provide and protect 3,000 Canadian citizens with jobs, 476 of whom are Inuit. "
We have to make sure that the people are not going to be working with us.
We need to be able to take a look at how much of a negative impact it would have on the project.
Although the Qikiqtani Inuit Association has stated that they can't help but work on item 2, Mr. Akeeagok stated that they will continue to work on the Inuit Communications Program and that the project will not have any economic impact. "
We are not satisfied with the Mary River project.
We are working with them.
We own the Inuit land where they work.
Mr. Speaker, we support Inuit employment.
We have spent a considerable amount of money and work to make this project profitable for some time.
With that in mind, we have to find a balance. "
But at this time there is nothing.
Mr. Akeeagok also noted that community uncertainty about the rail project's impact on the caribou population is important.
As an Inuk, these issues have a direct impact on our traditional rights. "
It was very visible to the elders when they were here because they did not think for themselves, this is for the future. "
That is what I am focusing on.
My decisions are not just for the time being, but for the next generation. "
I leave them with a better foundation than they used to be?
This is more of a basis of decision making, no matter how you go about it, "he said.
By way of motion, the Nunavut Impact Review Board provided all interested parties with the opportunity to make comments in writing by November 15. "
From there, the Nunavut Impact Review Board will be making a written submission to the motion and how long they have to wait. "
Nunavut's Legislative Assembly approves amendments to the Income Tax Act.
Our government is working very hard to make sure that the money that is paid to companies is rebated to make it profitable.
MLA Adam Mautaritlis asked Finance Minister George Hickes about Bill 26, An Act to Amend the Income Tax Act, during the Justice Committee meeting on Wednesday, November 6. "
The Nunavut Legislative Assembly recently amended the Nunavut Income Tax Act to amend the Property Assessment and Taxation Act.
The changes, which were read for the third time on Wednesday, November 6, included an increase in personal expenses from 13,325 dollars to 16 thousand dollars. "
This means that tax filers will be earning close to 3,000 dollars a year before they pay the Nunavut personal income tax. "
Another change is to increase the cost of living tax credit from $1,200 to $1,500.00. "
This means that tax filers who earn more than $60,000 will be able to claim an additional $300k in income tax credits. "
And Nunavut's corporate tax rate for small businesses dropped from 4 percent to 3 percent.
Mr. Speaker, our government is taking a proactive approach to reinstating payments to companies in order to generate revenue, says Finance Minister George Hickes.
As per the federal government's Carbon Tax Rebate Program, which came into effect in Nunavut on July 1, the fuel price increase would have been 5 cents per litre. The Government of Nunavut introduced the Carbon Tax Rebate Program, which provides a subsidy for half the cost of fuel. "
During its discussions on income tax reform, Nunavut MLAs agreed that the companies "tax revenues should be rebated to Nunavummiut."
But they couldn't come to an agreement on how best to do that.
Adam Lightstone, Member of the Legislative Assembly for Iqaluit-Manirajak, expressed concern that, "As income tax rates are reduced, the Government of Nunavut will be required to use tax credits for government operations."
Mr. Speaker, it is my understanding that we are in need of significant federal investments and our own-source revenues are only 10 to 15 percent of our total revenues.
"We need to be able to use our own sources of revenue to run our own affairs," says Luton.
Why is the government trying to use the Pan-Canadian Tax Credit as a subsidy for government operations?
It goes on to say, "I don't think we would be satisfied if we just put the Carbon Tax Credit in place for a small portion of the Government of Nunavut and the Carbon has been fair to our own companies," and again, Mr. Hickes said, "I don't think we would be satisfied if we just put the Carbon Tax in place for third party revenues and that money is not being rebated to the consumer."
Mr. Lightstone also indicated that amending the Income Tax Act would be the most appropriate way to reimburse Nunavummiut.
It also stated that "The Carbon Tax Benefit will flow to the Government of Nunavut in a manner that is intended to, and I quote, reduce Nunavut's dependence on companies."
The issue of climate change is of great concern to me and there is much work to be done now and for the future.
Mr. Speaker, as I noted in my Member's Statement, I have brought forward a number of options for our government to consider in the development of an energy conservation strategy for Nunavut.
Why is it that these ideas have not been considered and proposed to be used in the company's tax collection process?
Mr. Hickes responded by saying that each department is responsible for the detailed work that they did not hear.
Some departments have already undertaken work, including the Qulliq Energy Corporation, which has the mandate to develop an Affordable Energy Fund for all street lights in Nunavut, which was approved at the meeting earlier this year. "
In 2019-2020, the GN expects to raise approximately $12 million in Carbon Tax revenues. "
The breakdown would be as follows:
Two million dollars for the government for higher heating costs for social housing and for government buildings such as schools and health centres.
Approximately 3.6 million dollars for the new Nunavut Carbon Fuel Rebate Program.
An additional 6.2 million dollars will be returned to Nunavummiut and Nunavut jobs this year as a result of amendments to the Income Tax Act.
But to Mr. Lightstone this is a statistic that he says is not a good combination.
In view of the fact that there is a 50 percent rebate from the refinery and a 50 percent rebate from the Carbon Tax Credit, why is there not enough room for energy conservation activities? "
Mr. Hickes responded by saying that the federal government's arrangement with the Carbon Tax will increase every year for the next five years, and that although this 50% deduction at the refineries will continue, this year's increase in tax will result in additional revenues for other projects. "
The bill received second reading on November 6 and received third reading that evening.
Even though she is still alive, Mr. Lightstone, yesterday when she gave birth to a son said to the Legislative Assembly that she had only been sleeping for three hours and left. "
Shortly thereafter, in an email to Nunatsiaq News, Mr. Lightstone stated that he was not satisfied with the vote on the legislation.
Mr. Speaker, I don't agree with the principle of Bill 26, I don't think it's fair to say that for a year the author of the policy, Mr. Lightstone, was supposed to say this to the Legislative Assembly. "
The purpose of the Carbon Tax is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and emissions from industry and to address climate change.
If this Act includes energy-related tax credits for individuals and businesses who wish to reduce energy consumption, or if the Government of Nunavut established measures to assist people in purchasing and developing energy-efficient products then I would be more than happy to accept the provisions of the Act. "
Mr. Lightstone is not satisfied with the passage of this bill.
Mr. Hicks said that he is willing to listen to ideas on how to use the company's tax revenues to help reduce Nunavut's dependency on fossil fuels.
Mr. Speaker, I encourage all members of the public to write letters to their MLAs or to the government with suggestions for action in this area.
Nunavut's number of visitors was more than 34,000 in 2018-2015. "
GN Releases Annual Report on Tourism for 2018-19
Passengers aboard the Wynne Oonark Architectural Research Vessel from the Judea Deposit Island area on the north side of the Oonark River west of Rankin Inlet.
Mr. Speaker, photographs of Emma (Toronto)
From April to September of 2018, over 51,000 people visited Nunavut from outside of Nunavut. "
The following is the Nunavut Tourism Annual Report for 2018-19 from the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which was tabled in the House of Commons earlier this month. "
The same people that came here used a total of 271,383,000 for registration and travel costs. "
The report does not specify the exact amount spent on travel other than travel.
On average, there were approximately 16,750 visitors from Nunavut who were non-residents from May to October of 2015, according to the following year's Nunavut Household Survey. "
"Baffin and Kivalliq are the most visited communities from July to September, 2014."
Qiqirtaq was visited 95,600.00, of which just over half (53.2%) went to Iqaluit with a budget of 75.1 million dollars. "
Pond Inlet and Pangnirtung were the second and third communities visited here in the Baffin region.
In the Kivalliq region, Rankin Inlet received 33 thousand 600 visits and 68 million dollars, followed by Baker Lake and Arviat. "
Cambridge Bay was the most visited community in the Kitikmeot.
The water supply for the Wayne Olsen research vessel sailed from Judea to Kimmirut in August 2019.
In 2018, 3,404 cruise ships arrived in Nunavut within two and a half months. "
The cruise ship operators spent a total of 388,351 dollars on community services, the report also states.
However, the weather and ice conditions on more than half of the ships affected Nunavut interests.
Departments received results from eight passenger operators with 23 stops in Nunavut from July to September, 2018. "
The cruise ship carrying 3,404,000 passengers in total. "
More than half, or 59 percent, of the cargo shipped to Pond Inlet was offloaded from Nunavut. "
Iqaluit was the second largest drop in cruise ship traffic at 8.3 percent, followed by Qikiqtarjuaq at 6.1 percent, and Grise Fiord at 5.9 percent. "
Not only did cruise ship passengers in Pond Inlet spend a total of 245,565 hours, but these tourists spent the most 100 hours on the 189.5 hours of cruise ship visits in Nunavut, according to reports. "
The communities of Cambridge Bay, Gjoa Haven, Kimmirut, and Kugluktuk were not visited by cruise ships in 2018. "
According to the report, both Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven were expecting up to seven visits, but all were cancelled due to weather. "
The report listed Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven as being affected by the cancellation of cruise ship visits as a total loss of approximately $25,000. "
Input from cruise ship operators and other visitors to Nunavut was provided last year. "
In 2018, the Government of Nunavut had to respond to community concerns from Pond Inlet and Clyde River regarding cruise ship traffic. "
In response to this report, the Government of Nunavut consulted with a group of northern research vessel operators and all cruise ship operators to ensure that they did not fall through the cracks. "
It also stated that "As the tourism sector continues to develop as a separate sector, we need government support for its development."
Mr. Speaker, in Nunavut, this means training and employment for Nunavummiut in the tourism sector. "
There is always a lack of dedicated and skilled people in the various tourism sectors.
Without Mr. Speaker, the lack of qualified professionals, tourism has not been fully realized. "
Skills development has been identified as a key area for tourism development in Nunavut.
Mr. Speaker, the Government of Nunavut's Inuit Ship Skills Program, which trains 12 people a year to work on cruise ships as part of the research process, the report says.
According to the report, all Government of Nunavut tourism inspectors are all Inuit. "
In the past, tourism data has been lacking, which has led to uncertainty about the size of the economy and its contribution to the Nunavut economy, as the report states. "
The department has supported 115 projects related to tourism in 2018, bringing the total cost to approximately 1,272,822. "
These projects include:
Minister's Statement on the Nunatta Sunakkutaangit Museum, Voice of Nunavut Exhibition: $50,100 "
Minister's Statement from the Hudson Bay Neighbours Regional Round Table: 48,383 "
I would like to direct my question to the Minister responsible for the Hamlet of Igloolik, on the initiative of the Igloolik Arts and Crafts Association: $81,785,000. "
Chuck Otto's Architectural Information System, Story Collection: $99,872. "
Minerals Nunavut Development Corporation and the Winnipeg Art Gallery for a new store: $225,000 over three years. "
Mary River: "If its economic potential is an issue, then let's make it a reality."
Members of the Legislative Assembly are keenly interested in Baffinland's revenue disclosures
Participants are sitting in Iqaluit at the Katannilik Hall for the fourth day of the Nunavut Impact Review Board's public hearings on the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation's proposed road expansion proposal for the Mary River project.
Nunavut's approach to regulatory compliance with industry development, beginning in 1993 with the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, has not been achieved except in the areas of aeronautical, regulatory, environmental and socio-economic assessments of the Mary River Iron Ore Mine over the past ten years. "
Mr. Speaker, this advertisement was held in Iqaluit earlier this month, when the Nunavut Impact Review Board held its last public meeting on the $900 million proposed rail road expansion proposal from Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation when it suddenly resigned due to "confusion and misunderstanding."
The last day of the seven-day meeting that was scheduled for Pond Inlet was cancelled.
At the same time, Baffinland's multi-billion dollar, multi-million dollar iron ore mine is at risk. "
Mr. Speaker, at the time of drafting this, the Nunavut Impact Review Board had yet to decide on a resolution from Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated that, if approved, would delay the project from eight to twelve months. "
Mr. Speaker, Baffinland's Land Titles Office, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, indicated that it could not provide immediate support or approval for a rail road expansion. "
However, with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association working group, QC has stated that they are in full support of the project. "
These are Arctic Co-operatives Limited.
This is a very specialized program.
In a letter to Baffinland, the Vice-President of Recycling, Meagan Lovely-Hodgson, in which she stated that the company is just concerned about the viability of the project, she said, "We are going to do all we can to sustain and protect Canadians with 3000 jobs, 476 people."
Last week, Baffinland announced in Nunatsiaq News that it is terminating 490 southern-based contractors and 96 contractors from Inuit labour. "
That is why we are getting to this point where we have the largest unanswered questions related to the project: The Mary River project.
Deloitte and Touche said the mine's profitability is uncertain but if regulators permit the construction of a 110-kilometre rail road to Mary River from Cape Dorset and its production rise to 12 million tonnes per year, they would be able to do so 17 times as much as they should be able to travel through the Eskimo Sound. "
The problem is, they didn't put out a public report that would help. "
From time to time, more and more professionals stopped asking questions about this issue. "
Over the last year, even though there was no interest, this did not stop the shareholders from saying that they believe in it.
For example, in the summer and fall of 2018, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association partnered with Baffinland, to protect the interests of the Nunavut Impact Review Board. "
On August 31 of that year, the Nunavut Impact Review Board made a decision not to allow the federal government to approve ahead of time and in a smaller year to begin production of more than 4.2 million tonnes of iron ore to 6 million tonnes. "
Mr. Speaker, as a matter of fact, Mr. Baldwin and his partner, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, were working very hard. "
Over the past few weeks, correspondence has been sent to a number of decision-makers, Dominique Leblanc, at the time a former federal Northern Minister, calling on the council to reverse its decision. "
Why is that?
To the money.
The RIA said it was "shocked at the potential of the Mary River mine, having to contribute significant amounts of money and resources, in excess of $20 million to this new Inuit Impact and Benefit Agreement."
In Ottawa they agreed.
In light of QIA's concerns about the viability of the mine, the federal government approved Baffinland's proposal last year. "
We are also concerned about the long-term viability of the Mary River project and are aware of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's concerns about the economic development project that led to the development of a proposal. Mr. Lalande wrote in a September 30, 2018 letter signed by the federal Minister of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development, Caroline Pettigrew.
In other words, the most important Member of Parliament for the public is the federal government's commitment to ensuring that economic prosperity is important and essential to this process. "
And they did it even though there was no financial evidence to back it up.
This is a big problem.
Because if it is true that this project is not profitable, then I think the Member should want to see what he is saying that is not true. "
In all aspects of the Mary River project, Baffinland's employees are required to provide a number of benefits in relation to the environmental impact statement. "
But on the issue of financial passing, I don't think the Nunavut Impact Review Board really wants to put out public signs. "
For example, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has recommended that a lengthy financial statement received from the Northwest Passage is unnecessary and not published in the Board's Public Registry. "
The document is still on our website.
The Nunavut Impact Review Board recommended this document after it was tabled and then it was deleted because of Baffinland's request.
Under this program, Baffinland offered, on its own, a shorter-term financial statement that said, "Why can Baffinland generate more revenue by producing a larger amount?"
This unilateral request may be controversial.
At least Baffinland has made some adjustments to that.
In response, the Nunavut Impact Review Board made a different decision, which does not make sense. "
If it's going to be an investment by the federal government, then this is what the federal Income Support Program Board is supposed to be doing. "
However, Mr. Speaker, the Nunavut Impact Review Board and other regulators must do more to obtain this type of evidence. "
It has to be very popular.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to table today a copy of a letter from the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation concerning Baffinland's lease with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
In light of the potential for further issues of this nature to arise, the federal government should amend the federal legislation governing the Nunavut Impact Review Board's activities, the Nunavut Planning Commission and the program review act, to clarify how financial information should be handled in the future. "
Although you may want to have some input into the weather, there are still a lot of questions that have not been answered regarding Baffinland's final proposal to increase its capacity, related to the rail road impact on caribou, the impact of the vessel's whales, the project's lack of Inuit employment, and even more. "
Many questions remain about the extent to which Arctic Bay's southern rail project proposal, which Baffinland was approved in 2013 for construction, and 18 million tonnes for next year, remains unclear as to why Baffinland was asked to build in 2013 when it was able to produce 18 million tonnes this year. "
It is still unclear why Baffinland has failed to implement this plan.
But the biggest question is how this program is going to be sustainable.
Child and Family Services Increase in Nunavik
Positive economic growth meets Quebec's promise
When children and teachers were here at the Aqvik Children's Group Home in Hudson Bay in 2016.
Mr. Speaker, at that time of year the Government of Quebec added additional resources to help families who were in childcare facilities, depending on their family income. "
As of November 7th, 2019, the subsidy program was no longer in effect, with childcare user fees set at $8.25 per day. "
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to table a collection of photographs from Nungusuks.ca.
Bundy Elaine Osbourne
The reform of the Northern Quebec economy has resulted in additional funding for family and child services in Quebec, including Nunavik. "
The Quebec economy was defined as being in the range of 2.4 percent in 2018 to 1919, which is 0.6 percent higher than previously thought. "
Mr. Speaker, Quebec's Minister of Finance, Eric Jarett, announced on November 7 that $857 million of this amount would be "in line with previous years" estimates.
Two major components of this project are already the envy of the Child Tax Benefit and the Child Tax Benefit.
The renewal of the Quebec Investment and Investment Fund has resulted in Quebec's success in this area. Mr. Jarett says in a news release. "
Mr. Speaker, economic growth in Quebec gives us the opportunity to reduce our debt and fulfill the government's commitment.
With respect to this program, Québec discontinued the additional support for family and child services implemented by Phillip Kolit from the previous Liberal government in 2016. "
Under this program, additional support for childcare has been provided to offset the extra cost of the day-to-day wage. "
This subsidy was increased to 15 dollars a day for high income families.
For those families who make less than 50 thousand dollars there was no increase in the subsidy. "
The November 7 news release will reinstate the Québec daycare user fee of 8.25, notwithstanding any additional fees charged to all income earners. "
This new fee in Nunavik will be applied through the Kativik Community Government Program in Nunavik for children's programs.
According to the Quebec News, this new fee will be for this year, and the News / Montreal reported that this will be retroactive to January 1, 2019. "
As of last week, the head of the day care services centre in the Government of Nunavut, Julienne Pettigrew, was not informed as to how or when these payments from Nunavik would begin. "
Premier Francois Legault's government made the first decision to slow down the process of phasing out additional benefits and completely eliminate them in 2022.
Profitability and an accumulated surplus of over $4 billion for the 2019-2020 fiscal year are contributing to the economic slowdown.
As well as removing and charging back child tax credits, the Quebec government is making progress towards increasing child tax benefits as promised in 2021. "
Starting in January of 2020, the Quebec government announced that a family here will receive an increase in their child tax benefit of $779 per year. "
This subsidy is attached to the income threshold, which is a minimum of 1 thousand dollar deductible up to a maximum of 2 thousand 515 dollars per year. "
Mr. Speaker, this new Act deals with child equality, which is more than just the fact that the Liberals are exempt from paying lower child tax benefits than the Senior Citizens Supplementary Benefit. "
With that in mind today, we will complete the implementation of various options to assist the people of Quebec, Mr. Jarett says. "
Mr. Speaker, we are sending more money back to Quebec than ever before.
Nunavut MLA Peter Kattuk has passed away after a long illness.
Mr. Speaker, Peter was respected for his efforts in the area of services and environmental assistance.
The Sanikiluaq office was erected in front of the Nunavut Court of Justice on Wednesday, November 20, at night, in the memory of former MLA and former Minister Peter Kattuk, who passed away early in the morning after a long illness. "
Mr. Speaker, the Sanikiluaq Community Justice Centre was erected on Wednesday, November 20 in front of the Nunavut Court of Justice in Iqaluit, in the memory of Peter Kattuk of Sanikiluaq, who passed away due to a long illness. "
Mr. Kattuk, 69, a well-respected MLA, Maria and the community leader's home, joined Nunavut at the beginning of February 15, 1999, voters in the Hudson Bay riding voted for this first Nunavut Legislative Assembly and this was their first meeting on April 1 of the same year. "
Peter Kattuk (left) accompanied by former Commissioner of Nunavut Peter Irniq on April 12, 2000, when Mr. Kattuk was sworn in as Nunavut Minister. "
At the beginning of this Assembly, Mr. Kattuk was appointed Minister of Culture, Language, Elders & Youth on April 12, 2000 to replace Member Donald Havioyak, who resigned from his position.
On December 17, 2001, Mr. Kattuk took on the portfolio of Minister of Community and Government Services, which he held until 2004. "
In 2004, Sanikiluaq voters re-elected Mr. Kattuk to the Hudson Bay riding, as their MLA, in 2008. "
Mr. Speaker, Peter represented the constituency of Hudson Bay for the past eight years in two elections and some of them are in my thoughts for Nunavut Mr. Speaker, Simeon Mikkungwak said in a news release.
Born on June 2, 1950, Mr. Kattuk spent many years in Sanikiluaq working on environmental issues, as mayor and community leader. "
In the early 1990s, he was a member of the Sanikiluaq Impact Review Board, which put together community-based knowledge on the impact of major hydroelectric projects in the vicinity of Northern Quebec that had an impact on sea ice and oceans in the Belcher Islands. "
This is the result of a report called The Hudson Bay Voice: Traditional Knowledge of Inuit and First Nations in the Hudson Bay Area.
As the mayor of Sanikiluaq, Mr. Kattuk has also spoken out in opposition to the current Churchill hydro dam proposal. "
Later on, Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut and Hudson Bay Working Group, also referred to as the Nunavut Hudson Bay Consortium. "
This group, formed by the Government of Nunavut, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and the Hamlet of Sanikiluaq, is monitoring developments in the Sanikiluaq area with respect to the second hydro development proposal, which has also been stalled since then, including the rivers in Eastmain and Rupert River. "
In 1966, Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Social Development Council, a body that was set up in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement.
Peter Kattuk spoke to the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on February 19, 2008, at the end of his second term as MLA for Hudson Bay. "
Koonoo Tattuinee, President of Arctic Co-operatives Limited, recalls Mr. Kattuk's many experiences with the seafood that he harvested in the Sanikiluaq area. "
Mr. Speaker, Paul Okalik, when he was the Premier of Nunavut, appointed Mr. Kattuk as Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth in April 2000, saying that Mr. Kattuk had incorporated Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit before we heard much about it.
Minister Peter Okalik was involved in the study of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit long before this information was available. Minister Okalik said in a press release in April 2000. "
Prior to becoming the Minister of Human Resources in 2001, Mr. Kattuk had to deal with something that was very bad.
They did this by NTCL by bringing in the gasoline to Nunavut and causing damage to the snowmobiles "engines in the Baffin and Kivalliq regions.
In his case, Mr. Kattuk did something else: The Government of Nunavut decided not to use NTCL and re-supplied the fuel supply to Woodward's Oil Limited in Labrador. "
He was re-elected in October 2017, but he came in third after Allan Rumbolt. "
Minister Peter was respected for his commitment to career services and environmental initiatives, Mr. Mikkungwak said in his statement.
Nunavik's new member states that he will apply for housing funding to implement the UNICEF Convention on the Rights of Indigenous People. "
Shelby Ruby hopes to visit in the New Year and is looking for an Inuktitut interpreter
A Member of the Legislative Assembly, Shelby Ruben, won the Appearance-Jaycom Bay-Nunavik Challenge in October's federal election.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to table a photograph of Shelby Ruben on Facebook.
The new Member of the Legislative Assembly for Nunavik wants to hear from the Inuit leaders here so that they can be aware of their concerns.
A Member of the Legislative Assembly, Shelby Ruben, won the by-election with 37.7 percent of the votes.
Regarding the Blackberry members who speak French, he stated that he was looking for an Inuktitut interpreter to work with him. "
I would like to make a very clear statement on the needs of aboriginal communities.
To date, Ms. Brown said there are two very serious needs in Nunavik that she is aware of with health and housing. "
Although health care is a province, it is a federal subsidy, says Ruben.
In order for them to increase their health care benefits, the federal government must consider how it allocates them. "
Ruby has been working in the health field for over 30 years.
During the campaign by BlackKlopp, the group stressed the need for provinces to build 10,000 housing units over the next ten years. "
In this case, Ms. Brown is talking about the different types of housing that she would like us to design. "
If this government and the Liberals want us to move forward, then it's up to us to find a solution.
This new member is no stranger to Nunavik, but he is looking forward to attending the next Annual General Meeting of the Makivik Corporation, which will be held in March. "
After Ms. Brown was elected, Makivik President Charlie Ford issued a news release welcoming Mr. Ruben to Nunavik "as soon as possible."
I look forward to meeting with him, and we welcome his support for our efforts in the private sector in supporting and supporting the implementation of the Nathan Nason Charter of Rights and Freedoms for aboriginal people, "Ford said.
Talking to Inuit leaders would be helpful in his role in helping Makivik's efforts in the private sector.
Chloe Rubio is in full support of Bill C-262, which would bring about constitutional compliance with the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. "
Mr. Speaker, in May of this year, the Government of Nunavut announced the creation of two separate statutes to replace the Member of Parliament, Romeo Sargant.
In 2018, Bill C-262 was suspended by the Conservative Party in the spring but the Liberal government representative in the Senate, Senator Peter Tootoo, said that if he were re-elected the Liberal government would have to enact the legislation. "
"It is important for me to continue working on Bill C-262 in compliance with the Constitution of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous People and the work of my predecessor Romeo Kagan.
Mr. Speaker, I will continue to support this project and I have offered to assist Romeo in future endeavours.
It is not acceptable that Canada does not have this system in place until 2020.
Trudeau government 2.03: Don't expect too much
If you can think carefully, don't expect it.
The Hon. Jane Fairbairn, who was then the Minister of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development on March 23, 2018, along with Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami President Nathan Uppahuak, stated that the federal government would eliminate the Inuit homeland by 2030. "
Less than a year ago he resigned from the Federal Council.
Did you find out during the federal election campaign or any of the leaders did not really talk about the issues that are important to Nunavummiut and the people of the north.
That is not surprising.
I think it's important that lawyers feel that the majority of Canadians, because they are from the south, there are not enough people who would vote to talk about the north that the majority of Canadians have never heard of. "
The liberal Liberal government made this known, such as when they walked away and introduced a long overdue northern and northern policy solution the day before the election. "
During the time of the campaign, specific aboriginal issues, many of which surfaced north of 60 concerns, were not addressed. "
As a result of the new decrease in the size of Justin Trudeau's government, and the new board of directors being sworn into office on November 20, it appears that they will continue to be relaxed. "
This is one of the indicators.
It is about the most noteworthy commitment to the north since the Toronto government took office in 2015: To eliminate at least 50 percent of tuberculosis cases in the Inuit homeland by 2025 and completely eradicate it by 2030.
Mr. Speaker, this included a start up contribution of $27.5 million over five years, an investment that will be made by four members of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami. "
To begin with, this was the TB eradication specialist for the federal government, Ms. Jane Fletcher, who was the aboriginal services minister at the time. "
He resigned from Trudeau's legal team on March 4 in protest of Trudeau's failure to deal with Judy Wilson-Raybould.
He did this less than four days before Trudeau came to Iqaluit to apologize for Canada's unacceptable treatment of people with tuberculosis in the 1950 "s and 1960" s.
During that time, there was a silence on the issue of tuberculosis in the north. "
Even though they ran for office, they didn't do anything about it. "
Mr. Speaker, and to date, the fight against tuberculosis has stalled. "
For example, in the Northwest Territories, where TB was reported between 2006 and 2016 and recorded at a rate of 248.5 people per 100,000, health professionals in only one community have been tested. "
The same thing happened in Nepal in 2018, when there was a case of lung cancer and a 14-year-old boy passed away while this patient was in the hospital, Jane Johnston. "
In Nunavik, 313 people were diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, which is accompanied by tuberculosis in the Inuit homeland. 234 cases were diagnosed in the 100,000s. "
It seems like there hasn't been a survey done in all the communities in Nunavik since 2018, when this was announced.
Although it is true that Nunavut recently experienced a high rate of tuberculosis, this was Stephen Harper's Conservative government when he was the Prime Minister, way before Trudeau's Liberal Party was elected. "
In Nunavut, there were 670 people diagnosed with TB between 2006 and 2016, which amounted to 171.8 out of 1000 cases and there has been some work done on that. "
One thing that has not been touched is the Inuvialuit people of the Northwest Territories.
At that time, we did not hear of any cases of tuberculosis between 2007 and 2016. "
Tuberculosis is a disease that we don't have enough resources for.
Due to the fact that this is the norm, this is now being referred to as the norm.
But he is right.
If people do not have adequate food and housing, tuberculosis can develop. "
With this in mind, the lack of capacity in Cape Dorset, in this case it was a 12-week tuberculosis test that ended in May. "
In 2016 the unemployment rate was 27.3%.
In 2015, people over the age of 15 had an average income of just over $18,933. "
Out of the 370 units, 120 units were much needed to be renovated. "
Under the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC), 140 units out of 370 units were recommended for staff housing under the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation Act. "
This means that there is not enough room to accommodate the number of people living in the unit.
There are also a few people in Canada who do not have adequate housing.
It is not surprising that over the last twenty years, tuberculosis has been declared a crisis in Nunavut and other northern regions. "
And it is unlikely that tuberculosis could be eradicated in these communities unless significant changes such as increased housing supplies and better treatment are made.
However, during the last election campaign, Trudeau's legal team made no public housing available, except to reiterate his 2016 and 2017 campaign promises. "
In this case, they are not even liable for the damage that they have done to their language, nor were they concerned about the fact that they have never reported it. "
This is also a direct result of what has been done with the Canadian Pandemic Influenza, where tuberculosis rates in the Inuit homeland are 300 times higher than the rate of TB among non-aboriginal Canadians born. "
In Nunavut, it could be worse. "
Last year's report revealed that one in 100 babies born in Nunavut may have this disease.
Without being overly concerned about emergency cases, what concerns does the Trudeau Liberal government have about other issues, such as mental health, community housing, education and more? "
If you can think clearly, don't expect it. "
If you don't, be prepared to be put down. "
Mr. Speaker, my question for the minister: Can the minister provide an update on the number of cases of tuberculosis that have continued to develop in Nunavut from the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami's tuberculosis prevention strategy, which was released in November of 2018? "
Cape Dorset data from the Statistics Canada report was compiled during the 2016 Census.
New Year's Eve will focus on new policing and resources for Nunavut's police force.
Police officers and the use of physical cameras is now in place
The Kativik Community Constables will have new RCMP officers and surveillance cameras in place by early 2020.
Sergeant-At-Arms Photographer Elaine Armitage (Iqaluit)
After months of ineffective staffing, the Kativik Community Constables can see their efforts to recruit more RCMP officers. "
The RCMP Commanding Officer John-Pierre Leach came on board to update the Kativik Municipal Government meeting on November 26 on the progress to date.
This included the completion of 10 new Kativik Community Constables from the Ontario Police College in the same week.
The hiring process also included giving former employees who have left the public service an opportunity to talk to someone about their employment at the Kativik Centre.
Due to a lack of manpower, Kativik, every community has had an RCMP member from the Québec Police Service, from the Squadron to develop a Driving Québec database, "Sergeant-At-Arms."
In September, there were 20 Quebec police officers stationed in Nunavik. "
There has been a decline in the number of RCMP officers in Quebec City due to Kativik's efforts to recruit more community constables, and Mr. Rose said that by early 2020, the Quebec Police Service may no longer be in existence. "
Cultural awareness training begins
The Inuit Cultural Skills Program, Kativik Community Constables, became available online on November 18.
Skills development was developed by Kativik Community RCMP and Laval University and included information on Nunavik, Inuit culture, and policing practices here in Nunavik. "
Mr. Speaker, this is a three-hour training program and once completed, it is evaluated on the new skills that are identified in the job competition. "
Mr. Speaker, the purpose of this training is to assist Kativik's community constable in selecting cultural attitudes.
The other part of the training is a nine-hour training program and it requires regular RCMP training, says Rosemary.
This is expected to be completed by the beginning of the new fiscal year.
Cameras to be used by the RCMP
The other thing that was added to the RCMP and enjoyed by the members is the requirement to have surveillance cameras in place for the RCMP.
This is for the testing and they are using six cameras right now.
Mr. Speaker, this project was spearheaded by Nunavik's desire for Kativik to have all the communities in the RCMP more visible through their work.
The goal of the Kativik Community Constables is to ensure that Inuit officers have access to their work and are able to interact more effectively with each other.
Churchill Councillor Jobie Takpaapik hoped that these cameras would help people who were having problems with the RCMP.
We hear complaints from the RCMP about inappropriate activities and they don't want to say anything about it.
The RCMP has been hesitant for a long time, "he said.
The minister stated that the CT scanner is to be used for passport photos.
It goes on to say that "there are only one or two RCMP officers who have committed acts of misconduct, which has a significant impact on them, and it concerns the RCMP as a whole."
Mr. Speaker, the standing committee is of the view that these cameras, which are equipped to take photographs of police actions, will be used in the near future. "
Mr. Lahure said that these cameras would be in place in January.
He went on to say that his misconduct and inappropriate actions would not be tolerated by the RCMP.
Mr. Speaker, I recently ousted an RCMP officer last week for not complying with our obligations in Nunavik.
We don't want to have too many RCMP officers in Nunavik.
Nunavut's neighbours talk about renewable energy in the North
Representatives from Kalaallit Nunaat, Canada and Judith Schwartz discuss ideas and experiences "
Deloitte & Touche Pereira, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation, presents the Arctic Strength and Communities Summit in Iqaluit, November 22, 2019. "
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to table a collection of photographs from the United States Geological Survey of Canada.
The renewable energy experts from the north met in Iqaluit on November 21 and 22 to discuss ideas and findings of the Northern Strategy.
Witnesses from Nunavut, the Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, Kalaallit Nunaat and Judith Styles discussed the bankruptcy of various projects in different communities. "
The Summit, entitled "Orientation, Introduction of Innovation and Engineering Stakeholders: Improving Operations, Including New Technology and Inclusive Stakeholders," was organized by the United States Cabinet in partnership with the Government of Nunavut and the Qulliq Energy Corporation. "
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Bruno Pereira, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation, said the meeting was an exchange of information on the problems. "
In terms of wanting to use renewable energy in our communities, we would really like to know what others are doing, and see how they are doing in terms of their success or failure, Mr. Pereira says. "
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Pereira also said that although it is important for representatives to get together to discuss the issue of fuel conservation, there are a number of Nunavut activities taking place in Alaska. "
Some of the communities have access roads so they are not in the Inuit of Nunavut communities.
It's just that they have a hard time like us, if we have the capacity, to do the work in the community, then we can see similar problems occurring. "
Mr. Speaker, Miss Chris Rose, the Executive Director of the Recycling Energy Centre in Alaska, said the Alaskan Energy Support Program has helped "renewable energy develop itself."
Mr. Speaker, as a result, we have been able to build 80 communities that have been able to use renewable energy systems on top of diesel fuel.
"We think we know now how beneficial this is," Rose says.
"One of the benefits of this program, which is designed to promote renewable resource development projects, and the role of the Alaskan community is to help reduce energy costs."
Mr. Rose said that in western Russia, five communities are working together to develop wind turbines and that they are using them for energy purposes. "
So there is a mixture of knowledge on how to operate and maintain the windmills and they can help each other in setting up, Mr. Rose says. "
In Alaska, like Nunavut, home heating bills are very expensive. "
Mr. Rose said the community is using wind power not just for electricity but also for heating.
What they have done is they put small furnaces into people's houses and they are covered with diamonds that seem to be carpeted.
When the wind picks up, they put in more heat into the power plant, and they have put in a very small amount of detectors that the furnace and the power corporation can track down, Mr. Rose says.
Ministers are being encouraged to continue working with their counterparts in the Department of Environment to address the issue of mould infestation. "
They can be turned off or burned to a home that is suitable for them, and if they get stranded they can be heated elsewhere. "
However, in Greenland, the installation of wind mills has been difficult. For example, according to News / North, Eric Higglesworth, technical consultant for recycling in Nuuk. "
"Extreme cold and long darkness makes it difficult for wind turbines to reach southern construction sites in the north," says Hargreaves.
Danny Hargreaves said two wind turbines were successfully installed in another location north of Kalaallit, but they failed. "
Mr. Speaker, I think it is fair to say that in Greenland we have chosen not to use as many resources as we can.
Even the two windmills were installed in 200 different locations and the other one in 150 sites were also inspected, he said. "
One of the windbreakers had his arm amputated, and on the other hand, the fuel truck was too thick for the cold and the engine broke down, Harvard said.
During the 2019 federal election campaign, three politicians stated that if elected, Nunavut's diesel fuel will be discontinued by 2030. "
While it may take some time to develop recycling programs that will work in the north, Hargreaves said that moving away from fossil fuels is an urgent matter. "
We have to do something about it, about the climate change, because there is something wrong with it right now. "
This is a legal matter because if you are not going to be using fuel you have to have equipment but there is no funding available.
"Having good money is a good job," he says.
Mr. Pereira said it was an eye opening experience to talk to people who live in the neighbouring territory.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that this is another area that needs to be considered in terms of how we can move forward with recycling. "
Some people have used the equipment and there have been some problems down south with the skills but they can't do it in the north.
Mr. Speaker, once we have the financial capacity to be able to track the deficiencies. Mr. Pereira says.
The Government of Nunavut should involve the public in the development of the Education Act: NTI
Mr. Speaker, this is an important policy change that will affect a large number of Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut.
Mr. Alookie Kuuttiq, President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, speaking during the Standing Committee on Legislation's consideration of Bill 25, an Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act. "
Mindy Aluki Kuuttiq, President of NTI "
Subject: Minister Joanasie's Letter to Nunatsiaq News on Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Vital Statistics Act
A copy of Minister Joanasie's letter, which was published in Nunatsiaq News on November 25, 2019, speaks to discussions between the Department of Education and Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated regarding Bill 25, indicates that these consultations were conducted in a spirit of mutual respect and provided NTI with the opportunity to "discuss their concerns."
The minister is of the view that he encourages NTI to hold public meetings and NTI hearings as the Government of Nunavut sees fit to work with them in the past.
That is not the case.
Inuit have rights under Article 32 of the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to participate in the development of social and cultural policies, as well as in the development of social and cultural programs and services, including governance. "
It is a different type of foundation.
Bill 25 amends the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act to establish policies and procedures for the delivery of Inuit language instruction.
This fundamental policy change will have a direct impact on the number of people with children and people with children in Nunavut.
In this case, individuals have rights to participate in the development and development of the system. "
NTI was not given the opportunity to participate in the development of the policy proposals outlined in the proposed Bill 25.
It is not only a breach of the government's obligations outlined in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, it is also a historical practice to demonstrate that the working relationship has achieved the goal of achieving legislation that better incorporates Inuit goals and objectives. "
NTI has been working on a number of legislative initiatives with the Government of Nunavut, such as the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Official Languages Act and the Wildlife Act. "
In recognition of its potential, NTI contacted the Premier and the newly elected government to coordinate co-operation and collaboration on Inuit priorities, including education, language and culture. "
The Department of Education did not submit a legislative proposal to NTI until August 31, 2018, during which the department provided a draft plan for community consultations. "
NTI was given less than a week to review Bill 25 and to prepare for the Nunavut consultation tour.
This is not a working relationship.
The department co-ordinated the consultation in the short term, and did not seek solutions or accommodate the concerns raised by individuals, NTI and other organizations such as District Education Authorities (DEAs) and the Coalition of Nunavut District Education Authorities (DEAs) were also there. "
I further urge the Minister of Education to work with the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to achieve a clear mandate under Article 32, and to ensure that the department is managing its affairs in a manner that is objective, objective and responsible and takes into account the values of the Queen when it comes to sharing Inuit culture. "
NTI's belief that a rewrite of the Education Act should be carried out in order for Inuit to be involved in the business of the program. A fundamental shift in the way the department operates, and overall recognition of human rights. "
Aluki Kuuttiq
Minister, NTI. "
