5th Assembly
Official Report
Monday, March 19, 2018
Pages 603 – 684
Speaker: The Honourable Joe Enook, M.L.A. Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Hon. Joe Enook
Charlie Audlakiak
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Ministers’ Statements 603
Members’ Statements 606
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery 614
Oral Questions 616
Tabling of Documents 638
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters 639
Report of the Committee of the Whole 681
Third Reading of Bills 682
Assent to Bills 683
Speaker’s Statement 683
Orders of the Day 684
Monday, March 19, 2018 603
046 – 5(1): Nunavut’s 2018 Youth Awards (Quassa) 603
047 – 5(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Centre Sewing (Cambridge Bay) 604
048 – 5(1): Red Seal Red Seal Course (Savikataaq) 604
049 – 5(1): New Funding for Early Childhood Education Programs (Joanasie) 605
050 – 5(1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Sheutiapik) 606
096 – 5(1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Granddaughter (Rumbolt) 606
097 – 5(1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq) 606
098 – 5(1): Smoking Bill (Lightstone) 607
099 – 5(1): Increased Curriculum in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 608
100 – 5(1): Issues with the Larga Boarding Home (Mikkungwak) 609
101 – 5(1): Congratulations to Rosemary Ejangiaq (Netser) 610
102 – 5(1): Bussie Mike’s Recognition under Canada 150 (Nakashuk) 610
103 – 5(1): Budget Perspectives (Main) 610
104 – 5(1): Two Additional Elders Travel for Care (Towards a Representative) 612
105 – 5(1): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue (coming) 613
106 – 5(1): Bathurst Inlet Athletes (Joanasie) 614
123 – 5(1): Nunavummi Nangminiqaqtunik Ikajuuti (Hickes) 616
124 – 5(1): Status of Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 617
125 – 5(1): Early Childhood Policy (Lightstone) 618
126 – 5(1): Status of Pangnirtung’s Old Health Centre (Nakasuk) 619
127 – 5(1): Department of Family Services Travel Policy (Netser) 620
128 – 5(1): Inquiry into Office of the Department of Health (Qirngnuq) 622
129 – 5(1): Income Assistance Policies (Towtongie) 623
130 – 5(1): Mine Training Program (coming) 624
131 – 5(1): Support for Hospital Staff (Main) 626
132 – 5(1): Insurance Policy on Public Property (Hickes) 629
133 – 5(1): Additional Curriculum for Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 630
134 – 5(1): Grants and Contributions (Main) 632
135 – 5(1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 633
136 – 5(1): Child and Early Childhood Services (Hickes) 634
137 – 5(1): Inuit Employment in Government Contracts (Main) 636
029 – 5(1): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Report from North Arrow Mining Re: Mill Diamond Project (invite) 638
030 – 5(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Naujaat Re: Four-door garage (Netser) 638
031 – 5(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Naujaat Re: Runway Extension for Naujaat (Netser) 638
032 – 5(1): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 639
033 – 5(1): Options under Supplementary Retiring Allowances (Speaker) 639
34 – 5(1): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker) 639
015 – 5(1): Extension of Question Period (Main) 632
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee 640
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 644
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 680
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Hon. David Akeeagok, Hon. Pat Angnakak, Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak, Hon. Joe Enook, Mr. George Hickes, Hon. David Joanasie, Mr. Joelie Qiniq, Mr. Pauloosie Keyootak, Hon. Paul Quassa, Mr. Adam Lightstone, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak, Mr. Margaret Nakashuk, Mr. Patterk Netser, Mr. Emiliano Qirngnuq, Hon. Paul Quassa, Mr. Allan Rumbolt, Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik, Mr. Towtongie Towtongie.
>>House commenced at 13:33
Speaker (Hon. Joe Enook) (interpretation): Mr. Quassa, please say the opening prayer.
Speaker (interpretation): Good afternoon, Premier, members, Nunavummiut who are listening to the radio broadcast and watching the televised proceedings. Welcome to your committee.
We will proceed directly to the orders of the day.
Premier of Nunavut, Mr. Quassa.
Minister’s Statement 046 – 5(1): Nunavut’s 2018 Youth Awards (Quassa)
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good day to my fellow residents of Igloolik, my colleagues, and all Nunavummiut.
I would like to share with my colleagues that Dr. Donna Mynn-Kemaliarjuk will be recognized in 2018 for the Youth Abroad Program in Winnipeg.
This is the first time that a nurse has been certified as an Inuk.
Dakota Kamiliarjuk was born in Chesterfield Inlet and is the first Inuk cardiologist to be…
This is the fourth year of the program for a six-year program at the University of Ottawa.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kimmaliarjuk was able to enter the clinic in 2014 and is the only person named to be a cardiovascular physician in Canada.
In 2016 he became a member of the Aboriginal HIV/AIDS Coordinator on behalf of Inuit.
When I was a Member of the Legislative Assembly, I spoke about Inuit health issues and Inuit culture.
Mr. Speaker, these prizes represent the highest honour of our indigenous peoples.
The recipients celebrate their 25th anniversary in 2018 and are proud of 350 indigenous, Inuit, and Métis who have demonstrated their success.
The award ceremony celebrates the cultural diversity of indigenous peoples across Canada.
This year’s award ceremony will take place on March 23 in Winnipeg.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Kamaliarjuk on his achievement.
She has done a lot of work on her own and she is very proud of her accomplishments. She is an Inuk and health expert and she is a very good role model for our youth in Nunavut.
I am also aware that while I am talking about this issue, I am very proud of the work that Mr. Kilimnik will be doing. It will be very important to us.
Minister of Justice, Ms. Ikidluak.
Minister’s Statement 047 – 5(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Centre Sewing (Cambridge Bay)
Hon. Jeannie Ikidluak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I rise today to talk about the cultural sewing program for the men’s Rankin Inlet Healing Centre.
The inmates participated in this program, which included sealskin and other sewing programs, such as pelts, sealskin pelts, sealskin pelts, pelts, and sealskin pelts.
Rosemary Angutiak is run by Sandy, who is a respected elder and sewing expert worldwide.
He recently travelled to Norway to teach about sealskin products.
She was a student of Nunavut Arctic College’s Fur Production and Design Program, and she launched the Merkick Program with the Literacy Council of Nunavut.
Rosemary assists inmates in culturally appropriate physical and healthy Inuit language and cultural healing.
This sewing program will work with and support the development of land trips. Individuals who are incarcerated will learn how to hunt and how to properly manage their sealskins and their food.
The Fur Pricing Program will be used for the sewing program.
Projects such as this help inmates to reintegrate into their communities once their sentence expires and they are promoted instead of through criminal behaviour.
I recently visited the Rankin Inlet Healing Centre and I was pleased to note the positive impact that cultural programs have had, especially with community elders like Rosemary Sandy.
Minister of Family Services, Mr. Savikataaq.
Minister’s Statement 048 – 5(1): Red Seal Program Red Seal (Savikataaq)
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I say “good day” to the people of Arviat and to the students.
Mr. Speaker, it’s a certified heavy equipment operator and heavy equipment operator.
In September of 2016 the heavy equipment operator training program for these three programs was announced in Nunavut.
This allows Nunavummiut to gain on-the-job training and certification from what is known as accreditation.
In November 2017 Nunavut was granted the Red Seal Certification for Motor Vehicles and Motor Vehicles.
As part of the heavy equipment operator program, this program passes through the provincial accreditation program, which allows them to gain knowledge and experience in all parts of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that we have been able to deliver this program to Nunavummiut through the National Academy of Excellence and Diploma in Nunavut.
Minister of Education, Mr. Joanasie.
Minister’s Statement 049 – 5(1): New Funding for Early Childhood Education Programs (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Good afternoon, my colleagues, residents of Cape Dorset and Kimmirut, Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to announce today that the Department of Education will be providing O & M funding to eligible daycares.
Mr. Speaker, these increases are the result of a three-year program plan that my staff developed for early childhood education and child care, which was a two-year agreement signed in September 2017 with the Government of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, this current fiscal year we will see eligible daycares receive an increase in funding of $1,918.80, with a maximum value of $45,494.80, depending on the number and location of these daycares.
As long as the daycares do not increase their daycare costs and additional costs, they will not be eligible for similar funding in the next fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, this funding will not only assist daycares in managing their operating costs, but will also assist families in accessing additional child care costs.
Mr. Speaker, we are proud to be able to provide this funding to support daycares and families.
I also believe, and obviously we also believe that this funding will have a positive impact on not changing both the funding and the cost of child care.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Sheutiapik.
Minister’s Statement 050 – 5(1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Sheutiapik)
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Good day, Nunavummiut and my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, mining is a vital component of Nunavut’s economic development.
The department is committed to supporting the mining industry in Nunavut to assist in these activities.
Mr. Speaker, Canada is hosting the 21st Annual Nunavut Mining Symposium on April 9 to 12, 2018.
This forum provides an excellent opportunity for Inuit to explore the new Nunavut Prospectors and Developers Program to ensure that our communities are aware of and involved in mining and exploration in Nunavut.
We anticipate that this year’s mining symposium will continue to attract more than 400 participants.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to welcoming the mining companies, Inuit organizations, search and rescue organizations, community members, and other stakeholders to this important event.
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I encourage all members and members of the public to participate in this public event on April 11.
It’s not just an opportunity to get some good stuff, but it’s an impact on the search and rescue. I’ll make sure that you’re responding to the member’s question.
Members’ Statements. Member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
Member’s Statement 096 – 5(1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Granddaughter (Rumbolt)
Mr. Speaker, five years ago to this day the previous Speaker rose to the occasion when I was a grandson. I have now been five years old.
Happy birthday, Jayden.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member’s Statement 097 – 5(1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
What I am going to say is that it’s a good idea for our youth and it’s a good plan for the future.
I rise today to share some good news with my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to inform the House that Inuit youth from the Kitikmeot will be gathering in Cambridge Bay next week to celebrate the 2018 Kitikmeot Youth Abroad Program.
Mr. Speaker, this gathering provides an opportunity for Kitikmeot youth to meet and discuss their priorities and concerns with youth.
It includes the following:
Mental health;
Youth facilities;
Conduct abuse;
The importance of learning Inuit history, residential school solutions, and peacekeeping; and
The protection of the Inuit language and culture continues.
Mr. Speaker, the participants from Taloyoak are:
Judy Crow;
David Tungilik;
Herrero Paniyuk;
Louboun Olekatalik; and
Crystal Mitchell.
Participants from Kugaaruk are:
Becky Makigiaqtuq;
Lorena Rose Aqqqqivik;
Christine Doriana Qirngnuq;
Chanel Kanayuk Qirngnuq; and
Pauline Illuituq.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in wishing them the best of luck in their reunion.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightstone.
Member’s Statement 098 – 5(1): Smoking Bill (Lightstone)
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to express concerns that have been brought to my attention by my constituents regarding the issue of marijuana legalization.
I recently received a letter saying, “My family as Iqaluit residents are in a public housing unit for a year.
Over the last couple of years we have had to move from smoking to smoking. The smoke is very strong in my house.”
This letter further indicates that, and I quote, “I am very concerned about the effects of smoking on my children, my children first and foremost in this situation.”
Mr. Speaker, as residents of Iqaluit and my family, we are also living in condominium units.
Mr. Speaker, dust suppressants affect other people’s smoke.
It has been a long time since you’re not smoking. It’s a disease that has been known by the government and it has been regulated by non-smokers.
As a father and a child, I don’t want to see any health effects that are associated with tobacco and marijuana.
As my colleague from Pangnirtung pointed out, the question was asked by the Minister of Health about the potential health effects of marijuana.
I have spoken to many of my constituents and they have the same concerns.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that when you’re dealing with these types of issues, you have to be fair.
Mr. Speaker, the federal government has announced that it will no longer tolerate cigarette smoking in Nunavut in the next few months.
I seek unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Lightstone, please proceed.
Thank you, my colleagues.
Under this legislation, elders will be able to retain and possess marijuana. However, the government will have to decide how to regulate the use of marijuana in the community.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet also stated last week that the government’s own follow-up and results have also indicated that it is concerned about agriculture and the acquisition of public housing units and condominiums.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that when this bill is introduced in the Legislative Assembly, it will clearly address these concerns and I look forward to a positive outcome for my colleagues.
Before we proceed, I would like to note that our colleague, Mr. Akoak, is not here today due to illness.
Mr. Akoak, please save your time.
Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Member’s Statement 099 – 5(1): Increased Curriculum in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say “hello” to the people of Baker Lake and all Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage our government to increase the number of training programs in Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Qamanittuaq is a growing community. It will be important to take this opportunity to provide additional training and employment opportunities to the residents of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Piqqusilirivvik manages the program in Baker Lake.
This program can be expanded so that the public is more aware and more knowledgeable about Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, the idea of establishing a university in Nunavut has been discussed, and Agnico Eagle Mines has indicated that they can provide this type of support if it is to proceed.
I think it would be best to bring Nunavut to the centre of Canada because it’s the centre of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, one of my colleagues stated that it’s very important that we take these things forward before they pass.
The government’s wheels are very slow, but we do need to encourage and encourage when something comes out in front of us.
Mr. Speaker, this is the beginning of our fifth term as a Legislative Assembly. I, too, would like to see us take a step forward.
Expanding the training programs in communities such as Baker Lake would be a great step forward.
Member for Kugluktuk, Mr. Kamingoak.
Member’s Statement 100 – 5(1): Issues with the Larga Boarding Home (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Kamingoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good afternoon, colleagues, Kuglukturmiut, and Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage the government to better monitor the day-to-day operations of medical boarding homes.
Mr. Speaker, my constituents have raised a number of concerns and it seems a long time ago that these issues should have been addressed.
It’s a food problem and it’s a waste of time. It’s a lot of time. It’s broken down and it’s going to take several months.
Mr. Speaker, it is important for the government to ensure that services that are paid to Nunavummiut are delivered in a timely manner.
I understand that the hotels require a lot of accommodations on a daily basis, but it’s important that they are comfortable and well taken care of.
Mr. Speaker, it is unclear whether or not the boarding home will be part of the review of the medical travel review.
I would very much like to see the results of the review and the recommendations that will be made to improve the services and the circumstances of the boarding home.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Member’s Statement 101 – 5(1): Congratulations to Rosalie Ejangiaq (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I rise today to congratulate Rosalie Ejangiaq from Naujaat.
He is a young graduate, but he has been a hard-working recipient of the Order of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, the Harris elder from the Canadian Scholarship Program provided financial assistance to high school students despite the challenges of success.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ms. Ejangiaq for her perseverance and commitment to continuing her education.
Many of our youth are struggling with challenges and challenges to complete their studies at Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in congratulating him on his tremendous achievement. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Member’s Statement 102 – 5(1): Bussie Mike Recognition under Canada 150 (Nakashuk)
Mr. Nakashuk (interpretation): Thank you.
Good afternoon, my colleagues, my family, and the people of Pangnirtung.
I rise this afternoon to congratulate a constituent of mine from Pangnirtung who was recognized by Dennis Patterson.
I would also like to congratulate her for 18 years of volunteer search and rescue service in Pangnirtung, Bussie Mike, who has been working for the search and rescue team for 18 years.
The last name on the list, Hon. Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Mike.
Member’s Statement 103 – 5(1): Budget Perspectives (Main)
Mr. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say “good day” to the people watching the televised proceedings.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share some observations and recommendations regarding the government’s financial management practices.
Mr. Speaker, as new members of this House, over the past couple of weeks we have learned a lot and experience.
Mr. Speaker, as Chair of the Regular Members’ Caucus of the Legislative Assembly, I would like to express my appreciation to all of my colleagues for the way in which we have been able to work together since the beginning of the new Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud that we made a strong statement on Friday that the Legislative Assembly will no longer accept and that the government must respect its own procurement rules.
Mr. Main: Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Iqaluit-Tasiluk tabled a very important motion on Friday and we will move forward with the next sitting of the Legislative Assembly during our spring sitting.
Mr. Speaker, we are a divided government and it’s not always under control.
As an example, as I indicated last week in my opening comments, when we were dealing with the college’s capital estimates, the government listened to our concerns and even changed the funding formula.
I look forward to seeing more of that in the coming weeks and years, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, over the past few weeks members have asked a lot of questions on a daily basis.
I think we can be very frank in saying that we’re clear in our goals and it’s obvious that we need to do a thorough review of the government’s spending.
It’s not enough if we’re just counting on people who are going out on the land.
Mr. Speaker, I seek unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Main, please proceed.
Mr. Main (interpretation): Thank you.
Mr. Speaker, I’m talking about examples of things that are happening.
Mr. Speaker, this information has to be made public in the Legislative Assembly so that we, as elected members, can make informed decisions on whether or not any of the funding requirements should be increased or decreased, or should it be discontinued or removed because we’re dealing with other things that we don’t have enough money to do.
Mr. Speaker, I’ll use these examples as an example.
I think it’s fair to say that we can agree that the government’s administration of the tax rebate for harvesters is lacking in support of harvesters.
The Department of Environment, which manages the government’s harvester support program, must carefully review its programs and how it can be improved to meet its targets for harvesters to support the cost of fuel.
Mr. Speaker, I will also take this opportunity to provide another example of the government’s grants and contributions expenditures.
We all know that the government has spent a lot of money on development and promotion.
We know how much money has been spent on private sector loans.
We know who received the funding.
We don’t know what this money was actually used for.
We don’t know how many Inuit were hired by Nunavummiut from that fund, but we don’t even know what that money was used for.
Mr. Speaker, as you know, I can talk about it for a long time, but I’ll stop here.
I would like to add that I look forward to seeing the main estimates for the operations of the Legislative Assembly and I look forward to working closely with all members to strengthen our budget with the support of all communities and constituents.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Member’s Statement 104 – 5(1): Two Additional Elders Travel for Care (Towtongie)
Ms. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to offer my condolences to Annie Tatty, who is one of my constituents in Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet.
As well, one of our oldest elders, Amaruq, who I rise today in the House, is also sent to Gjoa Haven because he doesn’t have an elder in Rankin Inlet.
I would like to share that information with the residents of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet.
When I was elected in November, when I was looking at the business plan, I asked the Minister of Health, “Where are the plans for the establishment of an elders facility in Rankin Inlet or Nunavut?”
I was told by the Minister of Health that all of us, as MLAs, are very sensitive to our elders.
The minister stated that during our meeting in Pond Inlet, this will be tabled in the House.
I’m waiting.
The other day I rose in the House when we were dealing with the capital estimates, but I don’t see it. It’s set aside for an elders facility.
I was told that I don’t have to talk about this because I have to stop.
However, I was grateful to our Chairman, Allan Rumbolt, for allowing me to continue to express my feelings about the elders facility.
I rise today as a politician to express my dissatisfaction.
It’s not acceptable for elders to be sent south to places where they have not grown up.
We want to be a good legislature and we want to be a good government. We have told our elders to be proud of them and send them out of the territory.
Member for Amittuq, Mr. Qiniq.
Member’s Statement 105 – 5(1): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue (coming)
Mr. Qiniq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thought I was forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my pride in my fellow residents.
The search and rescue organizations work very hard to find people when there is an emergency.
They use it for their own operations.
I rise today to congratulate the following individuals from my community of Hall Beach who are involved in search and rescue. They are chaired by Kyle Issigaitok, the vice-chairperson, George Inuksuk, and the director of the Martha Gibbons tent, who is also responsible for medical travel, Daniel Qaunaq.
Abraham Ullaq is an elder.
This is the first time I have ever stated that this is the first time that a person has travelled to search and rescue.
As youth, we need to provide more support and our elders tell us the truth.
We don’t think we’re building a future.
I’m here now and I’m very disappointed, but I’ll have to listen again.
That’s not going to be the case for our youth. When you go out on the land, please be safe.
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to recognize the Igloolik search and rescue team that met this week in Hall Beach and it’s now spring time. Please be safe to travel.
With that being the case, Mr. Speaker, if you’re going to be travelling to SPOT, GPS-GPS-GPS-GPS, please ask your elders where I go.
Those are the types of things.
The reason why I rise today is to reiterate that the Department of Community and Government Services has only one snowmobile and has never received a response.
I would like to urge the search and rescue organizations to provide more support.
That’s it.
The last name on the list, Member for South Baffin, Mr. Joanasie.
Member’s Statement 106 – 5(1): Bathurst Inlet Athletes (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
They’re going to be using the Sam Pudlat School and anyone else will be invited to participate in the music program or the songwriting program.
I would like to take this opportunity to recognize the singers of the Bible for their excellent songs, and I would also like to thank them for being able to travel to Cape Dorset with the Canadian Art Gallery and for assisting the Hamlet of Cape Dorset.
There are none.
Member for Quttiktuq, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize four visitors in the gallery.
I would first like to recognize Jenna Bourne, who is the director of parks in Nunavut, as well as Jenna Bourne, who works for me, along with our children, my wife, Carol Akeeagok.
I would also like to thank my sister Naomi Kudluarok.
She is here with us as she is our daughter and she is always going to school. I am very proud of her. Let’s welcome Jaden Natanine.
I would like to elaborate a little bit on that.
When I was a child, I was still a child….
… I was expecting a seal for the first time in a lake.
I don’t think there were too many lakes in the lake, but we were in the Sierra Island area.
They were very helpful and they were my grandmother, who was my father.
I would like to thank them very much for coming here.
Mr. Uttak and your officials, welcome to the House.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Ms. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My parents in Ukkusiksalik are now a park. All of us were given photographs and I recognize them and we are grateful to our youngest children.
I used to stay in Igloolik and Teresa Uttak gave me a cup of tea and Luis Uttak. I thank you for your excellent food and I will be billeting with you again.
Thank you very much.
Welcome to the House.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Mr. Kamingoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naomi Kudluarok and Carol Akeeagok, who are my family.
Naomi from Grise Fiord, I don’t have family members on a daily basis.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Mr. Nakashuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize and congratulate my husband, Andrew Nakashuk.
Welcome to the gallery.
Mr. Nakashuk, welcome to the House.
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery. I have no more names on my list.
Let’s proceed with the orders of the day.
We will begin with the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
Question 123 – 5(1): Private Securities Bill (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice.
I have asked my colleagues over the last couple of weeks and a couple of weeks to look at the training of security officers and to make sure that they’re getting a standardized training program.
I would like to ask the minister if this government will be introducing legislation on wastewater.
Minister of Justice, Minister Iqalukjuak.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
As of today, the Government of Nunavut does not have any regulations for the security services.
My department is aware of the company’s role in providing security services in our communities, such as health centres.
We are currently reviewing the policy for the establishment of the Nunavut Business Credit Corporation.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As the minister is saying, one of the last jurisdictions in Canada that don’t have a customer account, we want to make sure that they’re capable of responding with the appropriate level of expertise to provide that service.
We have introduced legislation in all regions on this issue.
My next question is: when they’re reviewing the policy, will there be a legislative proposal coming forward to the House?
Minister Iqalukjuak.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Mr. Hickes, yes, we can work on developing policies or regulations for the NNI Policy.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Hickes.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank the minister for his willingness to work.
Mr. Speaker, I would just like to take this opportunity to note that the Department of Justice is monitoring the RCMP. If the Washington Law Enforcement Division works with the Department of Community and Government Services to coordinate the contract, it should be a contract with the Government of Nunavut if they have a contract with Washington.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I don’t have that information in front of me, but I can look into it and get back to the member.
Question 124 – 5(1): Status of Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you very much.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
I asked these questions to the minister last week about the contaminated site in Baker Lake.
In one of the responses to me, the minister indicated that the “final report” would be prepared and submitted to the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
Will the minister commit to providing a copy of this report to both the hamlet council in Baker Lake and as the MLA for the community?
Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation, Minister Cambridge Bay.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, Mr. Mikkungwak, I can commit to doing that.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
One of the things that the minister rose to say is that the Qulliq Energy Corporation can work with the Municipality of Baker Lake to clean up the site. Mr. Speaker, I would be happy to share that information with the hamlet when I go back to the community next week and I will encourage the hamlet staff and the Qulliq Energy Corporation to meet with their officials.
Mr. Speaker, I don’t think it’s possible that the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s storage facility is located in Baker Lake.
The minister indicated that the Qulliq Energy Corporation has already spent $1.68 million to date on cleanup.
Can the minister clarify how much it would cost to clean up the remainder of the site?
Minister Cambridge Bay.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The total cost of cleanup would be approximately $10 million to the power corporation for that type of funding. As I stated earlier, the damage was done after the creation of Nunavut and the federal government is responsible for the cleanup.
We are committed to working with the Municipality of Baker Lake on the cleanup of the contaminated site.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
In regard to my question last week, the federal or territorial government hasn’t finalized the rates yet.
Mr. Speaker, I am in favour of the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s position on the damages that it experienced when it was under the federal government’s responsibility.
Will the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation commit to working with the Minister of Justice to review and clarify the legal options that may be open to this issue?
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, as the Minister of Energy and Justice, we will work together to resolve this issue.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightstone.
Question 125 – 5(1): Early Childhood Policy (Lightstone)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Public Service Act.
In previous years the annual reports of the government’s public service indicated that a number of students were enrolled in educational leave programs.
Unfortunately the 2016-17 annual report did not include that information.
Can the minister provide the House with that information?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The annual report that the member is referring to, I believe, is going to be tabled in the House every year.
I can look into the member’s request and see if it’s going to be there.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Lightstone.
I would just like to ask the minister: can the minister provide the House with an update on how many employees were enrolled in the 2016-17 school year?
Minister Akeeagok.
Speaker (interpretation): The question was taken as notice.
Member for Pangnirtung, Mr. Nakashuk.
Question 126 – 5(1): Status of Pangnirtung’s Old Health Centre (Nakasuk)
Mr. Nakashuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today are for the Minister of Community and Government Services.
I have asked the minister before about the old health centre in Pangnirtung. I’m sure we’re no longer using the old health centre after the new health centre was opened.
The old health centre has not been occupied for a long time, but it remains closed.
I would like to ask the minister what the plans are for the old health centre. I’m wondering if the minister is aware of what the plans are for the new health centre.
Minister of Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank my colleague for that question.
When buildings that were previously owned by the government are no longer being used, it becomes a question to the manager of the building to see if it would be used by other government departments.
The old health centre was built in 1975 in Pangnirtung and that was the case.
The Department of Health doesn’t want to use it anymore.
We did a series of consultations and we didn’t hear any requests for that.
Following the government’s route, we are now planning to see if the hamlet would like to take over the building. That’s where we’re at right now.
If they don’t want it, then we would have to go back to the non-profit community to make sure that they don’t want it.
There are different avenues that are being disposed of by the government.
That’s where we are at right now.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Nakashuk.
If I understand the question correctly, the communities have been asked if they would like to be taken into custody or what is the status of that?
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We haven’t heard from the government that they want it.
At this time we are planning to see if the hamlet would be interested. We have reached that stage and we are planning to see if the hamlet would be interested.
That’s where we’re at right now.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Nakashuk.
I also thank the minister for his response.
I don’t know if the hamlet would want it, but if it can’t go ahead, what happens when the government buildings are no longer going to be used?
I thank the member for that question.
There are four main subjects that we use.
For example, when the Pangnirtung Health Centre was no longer wanted by the Department of Health, we asked the other government departments if they wanted it.
It wasn’t wanted, so we’re going to look into it to see if it’s a wish list for the hamlet.
Those are the types of things that we use when we go through that process.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Question 127 – 5(1): Department of Family Services Travel Policy (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
I would first like to say “good afternoon” to them. Since I’ve been here, I didn’t say “good afternoon” and I say “good afternoon” to them.
We’re going to be going home very soon.
Mr. Speaker, it is regrettable that the most vulnerable people in Nunavut have to travel south for treatment and they are away from their families.
I agree with the member that when you’re visiting one of the communities, it changes dramatically.
The Department of Family Services’ Travel Policy on the government’s website dated June 2013 came into force on March 31, 2018.
I was given to understand that the previous Minister of Family Services had agreed to change the family travel policy.
Can the minister confirm if there have been any changes to the Department of Family Services’ Medical Travel Policy since 2013, and if not, will it change after March 31 of this year?
Minister of Family Services, Mr. Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I can’t speak for the previous minister, but I can say that the policy will be in place until the end of March 2018 and it will remain until the new policy is changed.
I haven’t heard of any officials from the Department of Family Services looking at changing that policy.
If there is a need to change, we can look at it and we can’t change it, but we have to look at it carefully.
If there’s a need to change something that seems to be relevant to clients and the government can look at it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The Department of Family Services’ Medical Travel Policy states that an elder who is under the care of the Department of Family Services can be visited by two family members or guardians on an annual basis.
Can the minister confirm whether or not the policy has been amended to allow for two visits per year?
Two return tickets, two travel tickets, and one visit twice a year.
Just to be clear, there are two returns, two return tickets per year for one client.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Will the minister commit to considering changes to family travel programs for elders who are in foster care?
The policy will expire very soon, but at the end of the day we will have to review it, but I can’t commit to that right now before the review of the whole policy is done.
I’m sure there will be a review of all the medical travel that the Department of Family Services pays for medical travel.
We will have to work with the Department of Health to make sure that the policies are adhered to, but I can’t commit to anything else because the Medical Travel Policy will expire soon.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Question 128 – 5(1): Consultation with Office of the Department of Health (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Mr. Speaker, from time to time a number of my constituents come to my office to ask for help with their medical travel.
As the minister frequently tells us, even this week he issued a telephone call saying that Nunavummiut can contact the patient relations office if they have concerns.
Mr. Speaker, the language and the place where you live, it is a barrier.
Can the minister tell us what further steps the Office of Patient Relations can take to ensure that the Office of Patient Relations is notified?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
Hon. Pat Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand your concern, but we do encourage people to call a toll-free number so that you can get a response right away.
I don’t have that level of detail with me right now. There’s also an electronic device and a fax machine.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, the Information and Privacy Commissioner has raised a number of concerns regarding privacy issues. I understand that there is a great need to address the issue of disclosure of personal information in the event of criminal activity.
The Office of Patient Relations has a form that outlines any complaints or concerns that may be raised.
However, if you don’t have a fax machine, you can’t send it on your own. You don’t have all the computers and you can’t send it to the computer.
Can the minister clearly explain why the patient relations office should not be given a fax machine?
An Hon. Member (interpretation): That’s a good question.
Ms. Angnakak.
That’s a very good question.
I think the reason is that the number of faxes is decreasing out there because of the advanced technologies that we have as a government, because we’re using more broadband than paper.
According to my substantiation sheet, the government has a website at www.patientrelations @ gov.nu.ca. There are all health centres in the communities.
If you want to send out a fax machine, you can send it out. There are government liaison officers in all the communities.
They can be sent by fax to our headquarters.
If the patient relations office doesn’t have a fax, I can look into that.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Question 129 – 5(1): Income Assistance Policies (Towtongie)
Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to follow up on some of the questions that were asked by the member from Kugluktuk regarding income support.
The minister indicated that the Income Assistance Program will be signed by the department. It’s part of the program selection process.
Can the minister clarify how the search for a successful candidate will be conducted without a clear mandate?
Minister of Family Services, Mr. Savikataaq.
With respect to the report about enhancements to the selection process, it would be up to me if there’s no work to do, but sometimes they have a short job to do.
If it’s appropriate for the department to go to the appropriate department, then it would be up to the appropriate department to do the work.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Towtongie.
Income support is a policy of the Government of Nunavut and not a policy of the Government of Nunavut.
If it’s a policy like carvings, we wouldn’t be able to change it as MLAs.
What I see in the absence of a role for a young person and when they’re in Taloyoak, and they’re asking for a name that doesn’t have a job every month, they’re doing that on a monthly basis, and it’s kind of a shame on them and it’s a shame on them because the income support client has dropped out of their pocket because they don’t have a job to do.
Can the minister clearly describe what specific policies can be applied to Nunavut’s smaller communities?
Right now it’s just a model that doesn’t apply to Nunavut or to the north.
The policy is for all of Nunavut.
It’s only used in Nunavut.
The income assistance review was done and the changes were made to the policy.
At this time the income support clients are still eligible for income support and the children’s benefits are removed from the Nunavut Income Support Program.
When the contract was signed, I would like to see it again because I feel for them.
If they don’t have a job to do, then they can’t get a job. However, the benefits have to be selective. However, this will be looked into further.
Question 130 – 5(1): Mine Training Program (coming)
Mr. Qiniq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to direct my question to the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that when mining companies are trying to develop and create jobs, they are responsible for the environment.
I guess my question today will be on the subject of (interpretation ends) labour-intensive (interpretation) residential school programs.
Last year you tabled your 2017-18 main estimates for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which included $200,000 in funding for the Nunavut Prospectors Program.
Can the minister provide an example of how much money was spent in 2017-18?
I hope I was understandable.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank the member for that question.
What I can say is that it doesn’t have all the details on how it was spent.
The department is working with the Department of Family Services, Nunavut Arctic College, the federal government, our mining industry, and Inuit organizations to develop a number of projects that will allow Nunavummiut to plan for opportunities in the mining sector. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qiniq.
Mr. Qiniq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his response.
Will the Department of Finance be increasing its budget or decreasing its budget for the 2018-19 fiscal year?
Minister Sheutiapik.
I can’t respond to that question at this time, but I apologize if I can go back to the member’s question about the $200,000 that he was asking about.
The Kitikmeot Corporation’s pre-trades training program was $61,000 for this program, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s Literacy Council for the Baffin region, $60,000 for the Arviat hamlet’s Career Development Program, and the $78,000 for the Motor Vehicles Program.
Thank you for clarifying that for the member’s question.
Mr. Speaker, as you will recall, last week I sent a delegation of mining companies to the Arctic Erie Mining Company.
They will be working near Hall Beach this spring.
I wonder if the minister and the Department of Economic Development can work with not only the Arctic Airports Division but also with the mining companies to see how they can learn more about the opportunities that are available to them in the High Arctic or to the High Arctic.
Mr. Speaker, Hall Beach is a small community and there are going to be a lot of money available.
You also stated that you will be supporting the mining companies.
Mr. Speaker, my question is: will you be able to deal with the funding that you identified for Mary River?
The Mary River project is in the Baffin region and they’re in the Kivalliq and they’re in the Kitikmeot.
Are you going to be able to deal with that?
As an example, if I wanted to have a higher profile, how would I be able to receive training and how would the Department of Economic Development and Transportation be able to provide assistance?
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank the member for raising good questions because the Department of Economic Development and Transportation is not responsible for that.
The Department of Education has a mine training coordinator and it’s also important to recognize that there are different levels of production that are being developed.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Oral Questions.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Mike.
Question 131 – 5(1): Support for Hospital Staff (Main)
Mr. Mike (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
First of all I would like to say that my question is related to many communities, not just my community.
I think it’s a challenge across the territory for nurses and nurses working at the health centre.
Mr. Speaker, as the minister is aware, the reason is due to the lack of employment in the English language and the lack of employment in the English language.
Due to the lack of staff, we don’t have enough staff to fill the positions due to the lack of staff.
It’s obvious that it’s causing poverty. It’s obvious that it’s causing poverty.
I hope I was understandable in Inuktitut, if I understood the question correctly.
Let me say it in English. (interpretation ends) Mr. Speaker, the number of positions in the department is increasing.
My question for the minister is this: can the minister tell us what steps his department has taken to provide additional support to health care staff in the communities who have a lot of work to do?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
I thank the member for that very important question.
The issue of staffing at the hospital is very important and it’s something that we have been working very hard as a department to make sure that we don’t have enough staff at the health centre.
I hope that’s the case, but we have a shortage.
I do know that there’s a lot of tiredness in the nurses.
The department tries to do what they can.
That’s what we did recently in the communities. When we got tired of the nurse, we sent out more nurses to support the nurses.
If that’s the case, then the nurse would send them out to the health centre in case there’s too much work to do.
When a nurse goes on holidays or when a nurse is sick, we look at where we can get an escort from the community.
We don’t want to see a decrease in the number of health care professionals in Nunavut.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his response.
I think we’re all concerned about the department’s staffing numbers. For example, in my community, it’s obvious that there are still too many vacant positions in the health centres.
In the chart, 70 percent of the positions are vacant. Arviat is 44 percent vacant.
I do know the challenge and it’s very challenging.
I would now like to ask the minister if he can elaborate on the challenges that his department faces in overseeing the adequacy of staffing at community health centres when they are constantly busy.
Ms. Angnakak.
We can’t retain them after 30 months. When they’re trained and they’re not new, it’s very stressful to get nurses in the communities.
You have to take a look at that. Since it’s a community-based program, we have been working very hard to try to address it.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I thank the minister for his response.
If we can say otherwise, Mr. Speaker, we all know that there are problems in the communities. There is always a lot of work to be done and there is always a shortage of people working in the health centres.
I would like to get clarification on exactly what is being done to address these problems in the communities. What is being done and what is being considered to address these problems in the communities?
What is being done and what is being considered to ensure that our nurses and other health care professionals are supported by the department?
Hon. Pat Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I just want to be very clear, but I don’t have a list of things that are operational.
For example, if we’re open for emergencies, they can’t make an appointment because of the size of the job that they’re supposed to do or if there’s too many nurses that go out on the land for whatever reason.
In our department, as I said, trying to fill all the positions, it’s a challenge because we’re competing nationally.
That’s what we’re trying to do. I know that they work with people from the north who are trained in the north, but not in the north, such as Manitoba.
There are a number of different avenues that we try. I know that the Department of Health is very aware of the practices that our nurses are using.
It’s not an easy thing to do, but it’s something that we have to continue to work on. If you have any ideas, I’ll let you know.
Question 132 – 5(1): Insurance Policy on Public Property (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Finance.
As we all know, Mr. Speaker, every community in Nunavut has a wide range of infrastructure, such as terminal buildings, health centres, schools, and office spaces.
My question for the minister is: when it comes to insurance, does that amount of infrastructure go on a case-by-case basis or is it on a case-by-case basis?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Each of our infrastructure has different policies and some don’t even have a policy. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I recently saw in the media that in some of our communities another school was being burned down.
The Department of Finance is trying to solve the issue of having a facility that is suitable for insurance. We learned that our own cost in Arctic Bay is $10 million.
How will it affect the insurance company in the event of another school fire? (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Today the insurance premium has increased from $10 million to $20 million to $20 million for schools that have experienced fires.
We continue to encourage the Department of Education and all of us to continue to push for these types of initiatives that are very costly, unfortunately, to be burned down.
I think it’s something that we should try and demonstrate that we’re continuing to work on safety. We’re doing a better job of promoting that because our own costs are increasing and we’re getting our own insurance. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I do understand the member’s question, but I’m afraid that we’re getting half the cost of insurance in the communities.
I had a question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
This will be the new $20 million for school fires.
Schools and other buildings have to pay $1 million on their own.
There are different things.
I can’t say how many schools would have to burn down, but they are no longer covered.
I hope that we don’t end up with a catastrophic catastrophe in this government and I appreciate the fact that we all have to continue to push for this because it’s a school for our children and for the public….
It’s not just for schools and health centres. These are very important services that we provide.
Any damage is a challenge for our clients and I encourage them to continue to push for these facilities.
That’s a reminder.
This is a public building where all students, the public, schools, health centres, and garages all belong to the public.
I applaud the minister for tabling this document in the House. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Question 133 – 5(1): Additional Curriculum for Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, as the member mentioned in his Member’s Statement, as the fifth Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, we have a new opportunity to shape our territory into a brighter future.
Can the minister tell the House if he can reopen this idea of establishing a university in your community in collaboration with the private sector and other stakeholders?
Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College, Mr. Joanasie.
I also thank the Member for Baker Lake for that question.
We put out an advertisement for different colleges outside of Nunavut and we started looking at how we can work together.
Although we have heard of various organizations, such as Agnico Eagle, such as the University of Nunavut, we have heard that they want to create a Nunavut-specific program.
We have wanted to move forward on that, but to date we have been trying to come up with an agreement with any outside of Nunavut Arctic College that we would like to work with.
I think it’s very important that we provide funding for post-secondary education programs that are expanding from Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit to the Piqqusilirivvik program, such as paperwork for students who are trained at the university.
I feel that Baker Lake would be a very good place to expand.
Can the minister clarify whether or not his officials have been in contact with the board of governors of Nunavut Arctic College to come up with a vision of how to provide more opportunities for post-secondary education to be promoted to Nunavut?
Mr. Joanasie.
We’re looking forward to seeing more opportunities for Nunavummiut to take post-secondary education in their communities. We want to be able to promote that. We’re also paying more attention to the online learning opportunities that are available through that program.
With respect to the member’s comment about the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School, we are looking at how we can expand the programs.
Yes, the college board will be involved, along with my officials, the president of Arctic College, and the vice-president of the college. They will be planning to move this forward.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I recognize that the previous government accepted the recommendation that Nunavut Arctic College should not be established at that time.
Will the minister commit to getting back to the member and reporting back to the House on what he is aware of?
Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Mikkungwak for the question.
The option to build a university in Nunavut is a multi-faceted one.
Agnico Eagle has been able to provide $5 million in funding for the construction of a new university.
I believe there are ongoing discussions.
At this time in the next four years, I don’t know if we’re going to want to go that route, but it’s going to be a feasibility study that will be done.
Members, please note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Main.
Motion 015 – 5(1): Extension of Question Period (Main)
Mr. Mike (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Pursuant to Rule 39(7), I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that question period be extended. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The motion is in order. To the principle of the bill.
All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
All those opposed.
As such, we have extended the time for oral questions for 30 minutes from now.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Mike.
Question 134 – 5(1): Grants and Contributions (Main)
Mr. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
I rise today to ask about the Department of Environment’s harvester support programs and I would like to get clarification on how they benefit our hunters.
Looking at the government’s main estimates for 2017-18, there are three main estimates.
Let me say it in English so that I can be clear, there are three grants and contributions that the Department of Environment provides for disaster compensation, wildlife damage compensation, and sealskin assistance.
The department has been allocated $150,000 for this fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, I would first like to ask if the minister can clarify how the Department of Environment evaluates the effectiveness of these programs.
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The auction was held three times a year and the auction was recently held in early March. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
I also thank the minister for his response on the sealskin issue.
Mr. Speaker, information that has been brought to the House over the years is something that I really wanted to see and I think it’s something that the hunters have to look at.
In 2011 the Department of Environment stated that the price of sealskins at auction was $800,000.
In 2012 it was $1.1 million and in 2013 it was $1.04 million.
Mr. Speaker, can the minister provide an update on the status of the sealskin program this year? I would like to hear the latest information from this current fiscal year or from last year on whether it still looks like a good economy.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I can’t say where they are at right now because I don’t have the current bids in front of me.
I can tell you that after the Aqsarniit Stock Exchange, the sales of sealskins will increase and I’m sure that will be the case at that time when we’re going to see the auction of sealskins. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I also thank the minister.
This will be my final question, Mr. Speaker.
The Department of Environment is considering whether or not it would be more beneficial for our hunters to receive more funding.
With respect to fox pelts, we are well aware of them as Nunavummiut.
The funding that is used for one year is not enough, Mr. Speaker.
I think it’s too small.
I would like to ask the minister if he agrees with me and if he can look into this further in the coming months.
I agree with you and I look forward to bringing that forward to the House if you’re going to support the increase.
Question 135 – 5(1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
Mr. Speaker, as we all know in Nunavut, hunters are very damaged by polar bears and their cabins are damaged and their equipment is damaged by snowmobiles.
Mr. Speaker, it is often compensated for damages, but it is very difficult to compensate those who have been damaged.
Has the funding for damages or damages of property been expended this year?
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
I apologize. I didn’t hear all of them.
Can he rephrase his question?
Speaker (interpretation): Please repeat your first question, Mr. Keyootak.
Our property, snowmobiles, and cabins are damaged by polar bears, especially when we are left behind.
We all know that there are compensation programs for damages when we leave them behind.
My question was: have these funds already been used for this year’s damages?
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you for clarifying that.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
The minister said that he would respond once he has that information.
Can the minister indicate how much of that funding has been spent in the Kivalliq and Kitikmeot regions?
Yes, I’ll give it to the regional offices.
Question 136 – 5(1): Child and Early Childhood Services (Hickes)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Education.
The Minister of Education stated this afternoon that all licensed child care facilities will be able to receive more licences depending on where they are located.
How much of that is being considered for licensed child care?
Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation, Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
The Department of Education’s executive committee approved a three-year agreement. Over the past three years it has broken down into four different categories.
I would like you to clarify the amount, operations and maintenance total of $1.1 million per year, which is broken down by fiscal year.
That’s the number that I have.
I thank the minister for clarifying that.
Mr. Speaker, when I look at the Child Day Care Act in Nunavut, section 17 of the Early Childhood Education Act, it says that all staff who work on a day-to-day basis need adequate training. That’s one of the expectations.
Mr. Speaker, I am aware that the Early Childhood Education Division is responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
How are they evaluating the effectiveness of their training?
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank Mr. Hickes.
Training is part of the agreement that’s in place for a three-year period.
It’s $1.1 million outside of operations and maintenance.
We want to get more certified teachers for early childhood education.
That’s one of the things that we’re looking at expanding on-the-job training, on-the-job training, and we’re looking forward to that in the next three years.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank the minister.
I look forward to getting that information in the House.
When I look at the staff at the daycare and the training that is provided, I always hear that when staff are trained, it seems like they’re more effective when they’re trained.
I have also heard concerns that there are not enough salaries for daycare workers, but there are always fluctuations in the number of people working at the daycare.
When we’re trying to create a standardized education system for our children, it’s very important that we keep our employees at the same level.
This funding is to help daycare workers make better salaries so that they can work and stay in the community without having to work there.
I agree with Mr. Hickes and I fully agree with him. We want to make sure that children are well prepared to go to school and to succeed in life before they enter the school system.
That’s what we’re trying to do and we’re trying to support the daycare staff.
One of the things that we have in the agreement is that if parents don’t increase their child care rates, I think we can work to make sure that the staff at the daycare are getting the appropriate level of care that they need.
We’re still working on that right now and we’re looking at having daycare workers in all of Nunavut.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Mike.
Question 137 – 5(1): Inuit Employment in Government Contracts (Main)
On Friday, March 16, I asked the Minister of Community and Government Services about the discussions that I had with the minister.
There are a number of Inuit employees who are working within the government that will be working on the Inuit labour content.
Mr. Speaker, both the minister and I seem to agree that he was in favour of increasing Inuit employment.
This 20 percent is related to the construction of the (interpretation ends) Baffin Mamisarvik (interpretation) and the (interpretation ends) marine infrastructure (interpretation) in Iqaluit and Pond Inlet.
If I understand correctly, the figures are 20 percent and 15 percent.
Can the minister explain how the department will be able to revise its bid adjustments to increase the number of bid adjustments, and if so, I’m asking the minister if he has the authority to do that.
Minister of Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
I think the member understands that when it’s done, Community and Government Services provides assistance to the departments that are going to be involved.
If it’s going to be a marine facility, it’s under Economic Development and Transportation. If we’re talking about a correctional facility, it’s under the Department of Justice.
We work with them to make sure that the contracts are being adhered to. We don’t operate them.
We work with the departments and they try to figure out how many Inuit can be employed.
We try to make sure that they don’t exceed the limit, but if they go over the limit, then they’re going to go down and they’re going to try to get the materials that they’re supposed to bring in and we’re working with the departments.
I can’t say right now that after the tenders have been issued, I believe it’s impossible to change that at this time, Mr. Speaker.
That’s my question.
If there are no changes to the NNI Policy, if there are no changes to the NNI Policy, then we would be able to provide more Inuit employment opportunities.
Can the Department of Community and Government Services work on this?
I hope I was understandable, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister tell me, perhaps, to tell the House why employees from other communities wish to work during the construction season, employees from Nunavut can also receive the same benefits as employees from outside of Nunavut who receive the same benefits?
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the member for that question.
Mr. Speaker, the Nunavummi Nangminiqaqtunik Ikajuuti Policy provides that the contractor evaluates the factors and Inuit labour content of the NNI Policy:
What they’re going to be doing;
Inuit who are available to work according to their level of education;
There are other community-based programs that can affect the availability of Inuit employment.
Mr. Speaker, we encourage contractors in the communities to hire locally from the regional centres before they’re looking for staff from outside of the territory.
That’s why we encourage people to come to Nunavut to look for employment.
That’s what we encourage.
Again, we work very closely with the client departments to make sure that we’re meeting those targets.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation) I also thank the minister for his response.
This will be my last question. I would like to ask the minister if he would commit to working with his department on these major projects.
Will the minister commit to working with his department to ensure that job opportunities are created and that Inuit are able to apply for jobs in construction projects from outside of the territory?
Will the minister commit to ensuring that this opportunity will be taken into consideration for the benefit of Nunavummiut who have entered into the contract?
I believe that the Government of Nunavut as a whole encourages the public to seek employment in Nunavut first.
That’s how it’s always set up and we’re going to keep doing that.
Going to the orders of the day.
Returns to Written Questions.
Item 9.
Reports of Standing and Special Committees on Bills and Other Matters.
Tabled Document 029 – 5(1): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Report from North Arrow Mining Re: Mill Diamond Project (invite)
Last week I tabled a letter to the minister from Norterra and Mary River concerning the issue of drilling near Hall Beach.
As I stated earlier, I will be supporting the mining companies because my fellow residents of Amittuq are unable to apply for jobs.
I am pleased to table today a copy of the minister’s response to my question. The president of the North Qarjuk Mining Corporation tabled a report in 2018 concerning the use of the new mine.
I believe that this will be a positive step for my constituents.
I’ll keep getting back to the member on that.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Tabled Document 030 – 5(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Naujaat Re: Four-door garage (Netser)
Tabled Document 031 – 5(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Naujaat Re: Runway Extension for Naujaat (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I have two documents to table today from the Hamlet of Naujaat.
The four-door garage in the community is expanding dramatically and the garage is not up to par.
The other thing is that if the airstrip is extended, it would be very beneficial to the community.
That’s what the hamlet has written to the government.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Tabled Document 032 – 5(1): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak)
I wish to table today a copy of correspondence from the Department of Family Services concerning the Medical Travel Policy, including the application and regulation of client travel.
I have two.
Tabled Document 033 – 5(1): Options under Supplementary Retiring Allowances (Speaker)
Tabled Document 034 – 5(1): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker)
Thank you, colleagues. I have two documents to table.
The first document is the Elections Act, Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act.
The second document is a mandatory tabling of documents. (interpretation) Thank you.
Going back to the orders of the day.
Notices of Motions.
Notices of Motions for First Reading of Bills.
[Consideration in] Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters. Bills 2, 3, and 4 with Mr. Rumbolt in the Chair.
In accordance with the authority provided to me by Motion 10 – 5(1), the committee will stay in session until it reports itself out.
Before we proceed to the Committee of the Whole, we will take a 29-minute break.
>>House recessed at 15:54 and Committee resumed at 16:18
Chairman (interpretation): Good afternoon. I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
In Committee of the Whole we have the following items to deal with: Bills 2, 3, and 4.
Mr. Main.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We are now reviewing Bill 2, followed by Bill 3 and Bill 3.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Does the committee agree that we first deal with Bill 2?
Agreed?
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee
You will see Bill 2 in your legislation binder.
Moving on. Mr. Akeeagok, do you have witnesses that you would like to bring to the table?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) If I may, I would like to have officials join me at the witness table.
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to let the minister’s staff go to the witness table?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses in.
Mr. Akeeagok, for the record, please introduce your officials. Please proceed with your opening comments.
To my left is my Assistant Deputy Minister, Dawn Crowne.
Mr. Chairman, thank you for appearing before the committee to present Bill 2, Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2018-19.
This bill will become law. As a government, we are proposing to you to spend $491,804,000 between April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
Mr. Chairman, earlier this year the Minister of Finance has been here for the whole fiscal year, but we have just been sitting in the fifth Assembly and we’re still planning on what we’re going to be doing.
With that being the case, for the 2018-19 fiscal year, we’re planning on doing all of the things that we’re going to do in the 2018-19 fiscal year. We’re going to be putting it in the eye for the spring sitting in May and June.
To that end, Mr. Chairman, we have proposed interim appropriations to allow the department to fulfill its mandate to provide services to Nunavummiut in the coming months.
It’s an issue of attendance and budgeting after this year’s general election.
Mr. Chairman, all departments and territorial corporations have had the opportunity to review these interim appropriations. Our calculations are based on departmental spending and budget processes over the last four years.
We are satisfied that this amount will be sufficient to administer the Legislative Assembly’s review and pass this year’s budget.
The two main components of the bill are:
$8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly;
$11.66 million for the Department of Community and Government Services;
$29.08 million for the Department of Finance;
$49.1 million for the Department of Family Services;
$32.44 million for the Department of Justice;
$10.77 million for the Department of Culture and Heritage;
$64.1 million for the Department of Education;
$85.77 million for the Department of Health’s old office building;
$8.32 million for the Department of Environment;
$82.73 million for the Department of Community and Government Services’ old office building;
$23.29 million for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation’s secretariat;
$73.39 million for the Nunavut Housing Corporation; and
$12.54 million for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments.
At this time if there are any questions or comments, the floor is now open.
Do members have any general comments?
Ms. Towtongie.
Ms. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was reading the Inuktitut copy. $32.44 million for the Department of Justice in Inuktitut is $32.44 million for the Legislative Assembly.
There’s a difference between $8.62 million in Inuktitut and $8.62 million in Inuktitut for the Office of the Legislative Assembly or the Department of Justice.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Just for clarification, the Office of the Legislative Assembly is requesting $8.62 million and the Department of Justice is seeking $32.4 million.
I’m sorry if it wasn’t translated properly. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The English version is correct.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
That’s just a question. It’s not in the percentages, but it’s in the past and it’s in the past.
I do know that there was a lot of negotiation on financial management, but the minister has indicated that there is a need for concrete changes to make sure that we’re providing the right programs and services to the people of Nunavut.
It’s not going to have an impact, Mr. Chairman. It’s relevant to this bill because it’s having an impact.
Have there been any changes to the way the funding is allocated for this upcoming fiscal year?
Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
To date there have been no significant changes to the operations and maintenance side of things, but I’m sure we will see the capital budget process in the fall. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there any more general comments?
I suggest to members that wherever possible you ask your detailed questions during the page-by-page review of the departmental estimates.
If not, we will proceed with the clause-by-clause review.
Go to Bill 2 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 2, Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 2. Agreed?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2. It’s on page 3. Schedule. Supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Fiscal Year Ending April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $491,804,000.
Thank you, Mr. Main. Do you have a question?
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I think I should have brought this up earlier, but I have a question on departmental grants and contributions.
It’s my understanding that the numbers are based on a percentage of the annual amount, but some of the grants and contributions that are provided are already in use. These are for the whole year, as soon as April 1.
I just want to get a little bit more clarification on the grants and contributions programs or the Nunavut Housing Corporation. How is that handled when the funding is not for a whole year, but some of the programs are run on an annual basis?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): That’s a good question.
In your opening comments, I’m looking at some of the first three months of grants and contributions, as I mentioned earlier.
I can say that the Department of Community and Government Services and the Nunavut Housing Corporation are one of the biggest projects that you see here. The grants and contributions are for operations and maintenance.
If it’s a request, if it’s a request, then the departments have different processes and that’s what we’ve had over the last four years. All departments have their spending on a quarterly basis. The Department of Finance looks at that and they come to an agreement with the departments on how their grants and contributions are administered.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Minister Akeeagok.
I guess my next question would be: can the minister tell us if there are any suspensions or are they just going to go through the normal process?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Main.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hopefully, tomorrow, when we look at our future budget, we can put that in place in the Fifth Assembly. We have been given direction from the departments and the ministers. We’re going to be doing the same thing for the next three months. In May we’re going to be looking at those projects again.
Ms. Towtongie.
I’m sorry. Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to welcome the minister and his officials.
In the main estimates, it’s $491,804,000 above the breakdown.
First of all, for example, in the bill there is $8,623,000. In your opening comments the minister mentioned $8.26 million.
It’s not $3,000, but the total amount is $54,000.
What is the reason for that?
I would like clarification on that.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We’re on page 3 of the bill. We’re trying to get the actual numbers approved.
That’s the actual number.
As I stated earlier, I have only decreased the numbers in English to try to get them closer to the main estimates. I have stated that I don’t want to repeat all the numbers, but we have reduced the numbers.
The numbers that we’re looking at in the bill are very good, but they don’t necessarily call it all.
Total Appropriation. $491,804,000. Agreed?
Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree to Bill 2 as a whole?
Do members agree, pursuant to Rule 62(2), that Bill 2 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would just like to thank my officials for being prepared to make this government operational until June.
I thank you very much and all members for your support in approving this funding. I look forward to sitting in this House when we deal with all of our finances in May and June.
I thank all of you.
Bill 2 is concluded.
I would now like to ask the minister if we can proceed with his opening comments on Bill 3.
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My officials will remain at the witness table and I would like to make sure that as soon as we get to the other department, I will be able to provide an invitation to the witness table, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, can I begin my opening comments?
I am pleased to appear before you today to present Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2017-2018, No. 3. Through this bill, the government is seeking an increase of $56,602,000 for the following reasons:
$49 million to the Department of Health for overspending on medical travel, medical travel, psychiatric treatment, long-term care, elder care, hospital physician services, and tuberculosis screening;
$6.2 million to the Department of Justice to cover the over-expenditures of the RCMP, Corrections and Justice; and
$1.402 million in over-expenditures for child and family services and banking services.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments. I would be pleased to provide you with any questions or comments you may have.
Are there any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Family Services.
Total Children and Family Services. $1,402,000.
When I saw that number, it’s not clear to me exactly where you’re focusing on.
Mr. Savikataaq, if you can respond to that question, Hon. Joe Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don’t have the breakdown of how many there are, but there are two of them. We send more people to residential care outside of the territory and we have increased the number of people visiting outside of the territory.
For example, there is an elder from Igloolik and I’m not sure which community they’re in, but they’re in Ottawa so that they can visit.
They’re not assisted by the Department of Family Services. They’re just some of the people that we visit.
Most of the people that are sent out of the territory are not eligible for assistance in Nunavut. As I had mentioned earlier, there are more people visiting in the communities.
When we were compiling all of the elders’ programs, did the Department of Family Services bring the elders’ care back to the Department of Health?
Some of the things that the minister mentioned are not directly under the Department of Family Services.
Some of the elders are in the care of the Department of Health, but when some of them want to visit, there is funding available through the Department of Family Services for medical travel.
That’s one of the examples I used. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I do understand that some of the clients have to be visited by the Department of Family Services because the money is in the Department of Family Services.
My question is: are there still elders who are receiving social assistance that have not been transferred to the Department of Health?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) According to the information that I have, the information that was transferred to the Department of Health has been transferred to the Department of Health.
Those who are not transferred to the Department of Health are still under the Department of Family Services.
I’m just wondering if there are any other non-transfer programs that the Department of Family Services is looking at. I’m just looking at the information and looking at our business plan, I think they’re all being transferred over. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Maybe I’m a little confused, but if the Minister of Family Services can clarify that for me, I would appreciate it.
It’s up to Minister Akeeagok to respond to another question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thought the question was: are there still people in the Department of Health that still need to be in the Department of Family Services?
The answer I gave was that the Department of Health is in there right now, but the seniors’ programs are in there.
We’re still under Family Services.
The main estimates are for the Department of Family Services. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for clarifying that.
I understand better now.
Maybe I’ll ask a different question in a clearer way.
Does the Department of Family Services still have elders to deal with?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) There are still programs available for seniors, but I would like the Minister of Family Services to clarify that.
I am aware of the government’s programs for seniors’ fuel subsidy programs, the Senior Citizens’ Assistance Program, and the Department of Family Services that are over 60 years of age.
If I skipped, Minister Savikataaq can help me answer that question. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank both ministers for clarifying that.
This will be my last question.
When people are sent outside of Nunavut, are they still eligible for income support?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Through you, I would like Minister Savikataaq to respond to that question. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
It varies depending on the circumstances.
Sometimes they’re eligible for income support, but I can’t say that all of them are the same.
I have a detailed question for the department.
They have indicated that they’re going to be donating money from other departments.
As it stands right now, does the other departments here support all Nunavummiut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In addition to the Department of Family Services, almost all of these positions were transferred to the Department of Health’s Income Assistance Program.
They’re not really subsidized. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for his response.
When do you identify when you’re going to be in a deficit situation and how do you deal with that deficit?
I don’t know if this has an impact on our proceedings, but Minister Akeeagok.
The department reports on a monthly basis and at the end of the fiscal year it’s a little over budget. If we can’t do that, then we have to go through a supplementary appropriation.
We’re on page 4.
Mr. Man.
The document before us indicates that the number of people in residential care is increasing. The number of people in residential care was 189 and 243.
Do you anticipate that this number will increase?
What is the reason for the increase in the number of people requiring care?
Do you know what the reasons are for the increase in the number of people requiring care?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) The number of clients in 2013 was steadily increasing.
The numbers are changing over the years, so I’m just wondering if that will be included in this budget right now. Starting from last year’s main estimates, I don’t want to be approving a supplementary appropriation to make sure that you have a correct budget.
Will that be included in the growth plan?
As we go through each of these pages, it’s going to be very noticeable that we’re going to be talking about some of the changes that we’re making when we’re not keeping up with our budget. We’re going to be looking at our budget.
We’re going to have questions when we’re dealing with the main estimates. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the substantiation sheets that were provided by the department, there is a surplus.
It also mentions the department’s recent reforms to the Income Assistance Program.
Can the minister confirm if any of the surpluses that were left over by the Department of paperwork have been eliminated by income support staff or will more money be allocated to income support clients?
Which increase did you increase?
I’m trying to understand where the surplus was spent. Where was that spent?
Is the paperwork being repaid or is the income support money being increased? Where did the surplus go?
Chairman: Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) There are a number of reasons for the Department of Family Services.
Some of these positions were hired to coordinate the transfer of responsibilities from one department to another, but some of them were hired to determine who they are, what they are, and how they work.
The government’s response to the member’s question was that they send people out of the territory for residential care.
There are a number of reasons why the Department of Family Services has reached a budget deficit this fiscal year. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’ll leave it at that.
This information indicates that the department spends more money on income support than in its main estimates, which is a sign that more money is being spent on income support.
Will the money be spent on staff housing or will it be spent on income support?
My colleague, Minister Savikataaq, can respond to that question better.
Mr. Savikataaq, please proceed.
The income assistance reforms have a significant impact on this funding. I can use this as an example.
The Child Benefit Supplement is based on income and income support.
That’s not going to be the case now. The income support clients will get more money because the income support clients are no longer deducted from their income support.
We’re on Total Children and Family Services.
Not Previously Authorized. $1,402,000.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Justice. $2,600,000.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Welcome, minister.
What I’m trying to get at here is: is there a plan for the purchase of new drugs? Is there a plan to change the legislation for marijuana from the federal government this coming summer?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Mr. Chairman, I would like to have my Deputy Minister of Justice go to the witness table and remove my deputy minister from the witness table, so I’ll first respond to the member’s question.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your witness.
To my left is the Deputy Minister of Justice, Bill MacKay.
If it’s okay with you, I would like to respond to the question.
Mr. Chairman, that’s a very good question from the Department of Justice regarding the RCMP.
This is not for marijuana.
We don’t want the drugs that are prescribed in Canada to come into Nunavut, but these are new drugs that we need to learn and implement.
In December, during the finance ministers’ meeting, the funding that will be allocated to marijuana will be 25 percent of the funding from the federal government for the RCMP to conduct investigations into drug smuggling.
That’s a two-part process.
I thank the minister for his response.
My next question is in regard to the high cost of housing in the communities.
Can the minister explain why this funding is included in this budget?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Netser.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) It’s related to the RCMP getting nine more RCMP officers in different communities and that’s why they provide staff housing.
When we have more RCMP officers, we have to go through government contracts to get housing. The additional costs were $300,000. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Main, did you have a question?
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The minister talked about the $2.6 million breakdown of the $300,000 for housing.
Can you elaborate a little bit more on that?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to direct my question to the minister and his officials.
Those are the numbers.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I also thank the minister.
I wonder why these vehicles were not expected to be sold.
I believe it should have been included in this budget, if I understood the question correctly.
What was the reason for the purchase of new vehicles?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That’s a good question.
The $1 million is for vehicle replacement.
We do have a contract with the RCMP to determine what they need to acquire and what they need to acquire.
Last year the vehicles were not replaced due to the lack of funding.
However, this year the vehicles were damaged due to the fact that they were getting what they needed.
That’s why it has gone up quite a bit this year.
However, the equipment is deteriorating and that’s how it is set up.
Under the contract with the RCMP, they’re buying the beer and wine store. We don’t always talk to each other about that.
However, when we talk to them about budgeting, they tend to come to an agreement and that’s why it has gone up.
Mr. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It also states here that my colleague is talking about that.
I’m referring to the new drugs. I believe they’re the most dangerous drugs.
Will this equipment be made available to all the communities or will it be made available to all the communities?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Yes, all the RCMP officers will be receiving this for all the communities.
That’s the new equipment that’s being used to track police officers and people that may be in that situation. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If there are any new drugs that are dangerous in the communities, has the RCMP found any tea in the communities to date?
Yes, it’s very sad to see people coming into our communities and I hope that we will stop there.
Nonetheless, two communities have been affected by the increase in the number of cases in Canada and the number of cases in the Northwest Territories has increased dramatically.
It’s very dangerous and I’m afraid that the people who are going to be trying to get drugs are going to be taking drugs.
If you don’t do that, it’s more fun to do that, but the results are dangerous and I applaud the RCMP for preparing for that.
Mr. Main: I thought I was done.
That’s my last question.
In regard to the lack of housing in the communities in Nunavut, I wonder if you can clarify that for me.
According to the documents that we have provided, there have been nine additional RCMP officers in nine or six communities across Nunavut that have been decentralized to various communities.
That was just a comment.
Moving on, Mr. Hickes, do you have a question?
In the $2.6 million that you’re requesting, it talks about interpreters going to court. You said that you had to get seven judges from the court.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Right now there are a number of interpretive services that are available when it comes to hiring.
I’ll just leave it at that. In his opening comments he talks about the need for new telephones to be installed and to continue with the old system.
When we know that they’re going to have to replace their current mobile devices, will they be allocating funding for new ones or will they be requesting additional funding once they know that number is coming from the RCMP?
Yes, it’s in the planning stages for the department. The funding that we will be requesting will be used for that purpose.
One of the things that my colleague has talked about is the marijuana testing program. It’s being planned, but nobody here is asking for additional funding for marijuana. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Within the other correctional facilities, it talks about overtime. It talks about having a full-time employee at the Baffin Correctional Centre. What is the maximum number of full-time staff at the Baffin Correctional Centre?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Item 8. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Did he say that there were eight?
Mr. Hickes (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My next question is in regard to the information that was provided to me by the Overtime Division, it says here that when the Baffin Correctional Centre is in a blizzard, it’s $180 thousand. I’m just wondering if there are any positions that are wrong, Mr. Chairman.
Can the minister clarify that for me?
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, to respond to that question.
Mr. MacKay: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
There are a lot of security staff that work in the community. If it’s weather-related, they have to stay there. That’s part of the overtime costs.
When there’s a blizzard, they can’t go home. When the staff say that they’re going to work again, do they double the number of people that are working in the blizzard?
Mr. MacKay, can you clarify that?
There are a couple of different things that we do. If there’s a blizzard or a blizzard, they’re automatically brought in, but there are only two staff that are involved in the blizzard.
Mr. Lightstone.
Mr. Lightfoot: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice. First of all, the RCMP has indicated that they will need housing for the next nine RCMP officers.
When you get the RCMP, do they have staff housing in each community?
I’m happy to say that one of my staff members, who was just a hockey player, was a surrogate to one of his staff. I’m sure he’s going to recover, but I’m sure my deputy minister can’t write a letter.
There will have to be a entrance.
My question is in regard to the nine RCMP officers, they get housing from the federal government.
As I stated earlier, we work with the RCMP on different contracts.
I want to make it very clear that 70 percent of the cost to the RCMP is paid by the Government of Nunavut and 30 percent is paid by the federal government.
The RCMP is contracted by the federal government. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’m just wondering: will the RCMP provide housing for all RCMP officers?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
That’s how they operate in a unique way because they don’t allow their RCMP officers to stay on the land.
They don’t think they’re going to get their own house all the time in the community, but depending on how many RCMP officers they’re going to need in the community, they’re given housing on their own.
That’s where the RCMP operates on a unique basis.
When they identify the need for new RCMP officers in each community, they try to include all 25 communities as soon as possible. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s unfortunate that the RCMP does not try to integrate the communities into the communities.
When the RCMP gets their own home, how do they subsidize it?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Lightstone.
I don’t think anyone should be asking questions like that.
I don’t think we should expect them to get their own housing, but that’s why they’re provided housing.
Mr. Akeeagok, it’s up to you to speak.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That was a very good comment, Mr. Chairman, and it’s a very good comment.
Yes, the RCMP, even though they have been in the community for three years, has been raising the community.
If the RCMP wanted to get housing, they would have to apply for housing from the federal government.
It’s not our department. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
This will be my last question in regard to the RCMP, how much of that contract was awarded to the RCMP?
It’s in the bill on page 5. (interpretation ends) Clause 40,071,000.
If approved, it will be $42,671,000 for this contract for 2017-18.
Thank you for that clarification.
Moving on to the third area, the Corrections Division is overtime and casuals.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you very much. Mr. Lightstone, we’re just here for Law Enforcement. We haven’t got there yet. Can you wait a moment for your question?
At this time we’re asking questions about law enforcement, but if there are any further questions on that.
Mr. Lightfoot: Yes, the last one is for law enforcement.
According to the minister’s letter, the total amount of funding was $40 million, which is actually $30 million, and it’s projected to increase to $42 million.
How does the department anticipate spending $42 million towards the end of this fiscal year?
If I can ask the member, I don’t know which numbers he is referring to.
If there’s a figure, I would like to get a little bit of help right now. The letter that I sent on Friday, I think I found the $30 million, but if you can elaborate a little bit more on that.
A letter dated March 16 to the Chair of the Regular Members’ Caucus addressed to the Minister of Finance.
The document that I’m referring to is on page 4. It’s five.
I would also like to thank the member for asking about the contents of the document that we tabled.
The $30 million for this fiscal year has been spent at $30 million and the planned budget is $42 million.
They have a report on how they’re going to be using the RCMP and how much they’re going to spend on that. We have requested $2.6 million for that. We’re following the RCMP numbers and that’s why I wrote that letter.
I’m looking at $2.6 million in the substantiation sheet for Action 1, which indicates that “The RCMP operates under the influence of radios that can no longer be used in the past.”
The standing committee notes that the Legislative Assembly is proposing to revise the management structure. However, due to its uniqueness of the system, it requires an additional $2.6 million to cover the costs of its employees’ training to hire additional staff and to address departmental circumstances.
The member talks about the $2.6 million for employee retirement and casual salaries. At the same time the $2.6 million is being announced and it’s being used as a reclassified radio.
Can you clarify that for me, Mr. Chairman?
I know one of my colleagues had already asked that question, but Mr. Akeeagok, if you want to elaborate further, it’s up to you to do so.
The breakdown that I mentioned earlier, if you look at it, there’s another breakdown. Project 3, $2.6 million, and then there’s another $2.6 million for corrections.
There are two separate projects. It’s $2.6 million.
The RCMP’s need for radios, the need for housing, the need for vehicles, and the circumstances that led to the emergencies. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I also thank Minister Akeeagok.
If we’re talking about $2.6 million in total, how much of that is? I don’t understand that. Can you clarify that for me?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Ms. Towtongie.
On page 5 of our business plan, Legal Services, we’re dealing with $2.6 million.
We’re not working on that right now. We’re on $2.6 million for law enforcement.
Do you have any questions?
Ms. Towtongie: Thank you for clarifying that.
When I read the Inuktitut version, it’s in the English version. It’s in the Inuktitut version. It’s in the main estimates, but it’s in the Inuktitut version.
Can the minister clearly explain what that means? Is it the main estimates or the main estimates for 2017-18?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
To my right is not approved, but we’re still in the 2017-18 fiscal year and you’re anticipating that it will be able to go a little bit further than that. That’s why we’re seeking approval from the Legislative Assembly for supplementary appropriations to the Department of Justice.
A total of $6.2 million, of which $2.6 million is for the RCMP.
That’s what we’re requesting from you in the House. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was just confused because it sounds like there’s an estimate in the Inuktitut version, but it’s an estimate.
I almost understood my question, but I’m done.
We’re on Law Enforcement. $2.6 million.
Next name on the list. Total Registries and Court Services. $1 million.
Total Justice. Corrections. $2,600,000.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is in regard to corrections, it’s an annual budget that goes over budget. If memory serves me correctly, it’s just overtime.
Am I correct?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is correct that the maximum amount is overtime and casual employees.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If my memory serves me right now, the Corrections Division offers 12 hours of service. Is that correct?
Now that the correctional facilities are full and they’re overtime, has the department considered having three or eight hours of work, so that’s why it wouldn’t be possible to do that?
Perhaps through you, my Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, can respond to that question.
The member is correct. They work 12 hours a day.
That’s how it’s set up. It’s a two-hour shift, 42-hour shift. It’s a two-hour shift and it’s going to take 42 hours a day to complete the shift.
As a result of the agreement, the overtime amount decreased to $4 million and now it’s $2.49 million.
As a result, the Corrections Division’s deficit was $4.5 million to $2.6 million.
We are moving forward with the overtime and we will continue to do that.
I’m reminding you to have your cellphones micromanaged and quiet.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
They travel overtime and they work 42 hours a week.
Do employees work 50 or 60 hours a week?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s too detailed, so we have to provide it to the House and we will provide it to the member in writing.
My deputy minister can’t answer that question.
We don’t have that information with us.
I don’t know what level of information is required for the operations of the facility.
I would like to ask these questions.
What kind of training are they provided?
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay to respond to that question.
In response to that question, I believe I responded by saying that it’s for training and training. It’s for the supplementary appropriation under the Corrections Division.
At this time we don’t have any training programs.
We have a trainer that is contracted out and that’s one of the costs that we have to pay for overtime and other things that we have to replace them with other things that increase the cost of teaching.
We’re also looking at other ways to better prepare the budget so that we can have more staff in corrections and court staff trained so that we don’t have more contractors.
Ms. Nakashuk.
I was curious to find out about the $2.6 million that was talked about and the staff training.
What types of training will be provided to employees and casuals?
Both the Corrections Division and the Court of Justice provide training on casual and relief workers.
They’re trained for a number of weeks, for example, arbitration and dispute resolution. They’re trained by a contractor, but they’re trained for a number of weeks.
Can the minister tell us what kinds of programs and services are available at the correctional facilities? I don’t need to ask questions.
I don’t know if they have that level of detail with me, Mr. Akeeagok.
Through you, Deputy Minister MacKay, I don’t know what they’re doing at the high level, but he can elaborate a little bit on that if you will allow.
Ms. MacKay.
I don’t have the numbers in front of me, but I can get back to the member on what kind of training is provided to inmates.
Depending on which of the safest offenders are in Iqaluit, there is a pre-trades training program that will allow them to work in the correctional facilities and to train people to work in the correctional facilities after they have completed their internship.
We also have Akausisarvik, which is a program for each inmate based on their needs. There are addictions counselling services that are provided at the facility, anger counselling, counselling, and counselling services that are provided to the inmate, depending on what the client needs, what the client needs, and what the inmate needs.
Even though they can’t leave the correctional facility, they’re trained to work in jail and then they’re able to graduate from high school and then they’re offered trades training in the jail.
The Rankin Inlet Correctional Centre offers a number of programs and services to inmates.
There are different programs that we provide.
Mr. Nakashuk: I’m done.
We’re on page 5.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance.
Total Department. Not Previously Authorized. $6,200,000.
Go to page 6.
Department of Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Mr. Akeeagok, would you like to make a comment?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): It’s not a comment.
If it’s okay with you, we’re going to go to a different department. He’s available to answer questions. I would like to have my officials at the witness table change before any questions are asked. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was going to give you an opportunity, but if you would like to take this opportunity, it’s okay with you.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witness?
Chairman (interpretation): Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the other official out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your new witness.
To my left is the Deputy Minister of Health, Colleen Inuujaq Stockley.
Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized. Total Directorate. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): I made a mistake.
Once it’s dealt with, I’m going to ask a question on medical travel.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Are there any questions on Directorate?
I don’t have too many questions, but when we’re talking about elders’ homes in Nunavut, there are three facilities that are going to be funded from different sources.
The other day when I was asking questions about the pre-feasibility study that was done in Igloolik and Gjoa Haven, they’re looking at expanding the elders’ facilities.
At that time the minister was unaware of the number of beds that would be inspected.
Can the minister update us today on the status of increasing the number of elders’ homes in Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the question.
That’s under the preplanning process. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What is the status of this pre-planning process and what is the status of this work?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I would like the Deputy Minister of Health to answer that question because he is more familiar with the capital planning process.
The Department of Health has already planned for last year’s capital estimates for 2017-18.
I wonder if this project can proceed with the expansion of the Igloolik facility as the minister stated earlier.
Bearing in mind that after the election, the government was likely to have a new mandate to look at the options for the Igloolik expansion.
It hasn’t gone that far, but we expect that it will be initiated once we know what the government’s mandate is.
In conclusion, when we’re talking about the use of government resources, we have identified deficiencies in our infrastructure, so I would like to emphasize that the department is responsible for the outcomes of the government’s Seniors’ Advocate.
I look forward to the frequent progress that is being made to better use the existing infrastructure and identify opportunities within the territory for different types of new infrastructure that are currently on the waiting list.
That’s more of a comment.
With respect to my colleague’s question about the elders’ homes, I would like to ask a question about the elders’ homes.
I would be interested to hear what the breakdown is of the $900,000.
What kind of infrastructure will be divided up between the two communities?
The $900,000 is for the three regions and the total amount is $300,000 each for the three elders.
Mr. Men (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I’m just wondering if the minister has indicated that these units are contracted out to non-profit organizations in Nunavut.
What process does the Department of Health use to inform them if they’re going to spend too much money?
The three communities that are run by the government, not the government, have just issued new contracts.
Further, if there is a need to increase or decrease, the Department of Health and the Department of Health meet with each other.
When they have to come up with solutions, they work together.
It’s in accordance with the Canadian and Nunavut laws.
In the business plan it talks about the three facilities that have just opened for residential 2 and 3 high-level residential long-term care. A number of factors indicate that there is a significant increase in the number of residential long-term care and aging facilities.
Going back to the budget, are you anticipating that over the next year the operations and maintenance costs will continue to increase or will that be the end of the fiscal year?
At the beginning of the contract, three of them were under the Department of Family Services.
The Department of Health only took over the contract in April 2017.
One of the things that we have brought to the attention of the Department of Health is that it’s a little bit different from the Department of Family Services. We looked at it from a clinical standpoint where we’re looking at what level of care they’re receiving and who they’re receiving.
They made recommendations on the food that they eat.
When we looked at the contract, the elders facilities were not able to provide the level of care that they needed.
We’re looking at $1.3 million and we’re looking at a deficit of $855,000 last year and we’re looking at a budget of almost $900,000 right now.
If I’m wrong, you’re going to stop me from looking at the funding that’s available for people with mental health issues across the territory.
We have to deal with trauma and trauma.
Is there any mention of setting aside funds for mental health and addictions treatment?
We’re just talking about additional funding for O & M. We’re not talking about actual costs.
I don’t think it’s fair to say that it’s the Legislative Assembly or something else.
Do you have another question, Ms. Towtongie?
Thank you for clarifying that.
The mental health contract for 2017-18 is $16 million, I believe, $16.7 million, and I believe it’s $6.2 million. What is the status of that?
That’s my final question. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, we’re on the $5.9 million that the member is asking about, which is part of the $43.1 million.
The main estimates are $16 million and $10 million.
If the deputy minister can elaborate further on the contents of the bill, I’ll ask my deputy minister, Mr. Stockley, to explain the contents of the $10 million. I’m not sure if he can respond to the question.
It’s very good to hear that Nunavummiut are asking for help and that’s the message that you’re going to go to your health centre and you’re going to be interviewing people on the Internet.
That’s why there’s an increase in the number of clients going to a treatment centre.
I know that they have mental health issues and addictions.
There are also costs that are outside of the Department of Health. The Department of Family Services is responsible for the Department of Justice. There are court orders that go through the treatment centre.
Before we proceed to the Directorate, we will take a five-minute break and we will take a break.
>>Committee recessed at 18:03 and resumed at 18:10
I would like to call the committee meeting back to order.
Total Health. $43,100,000.
In your business plan you talk about long-term care for elders.
I think that would increase because we don’t have a forgotten laboratory in Nunavut.
That’s what I’m interested in.
Are they looking at having a forgetfulness laboratory in Nunavut?
It’s part of the program right away, but it’s not at the highest level.
They’re working on mental health issues and they’re larger than they are at this time.
At the same time, outside of the territory, the last paragraph states that “Outside of the territory, funding is provided to the Department of Health.”
I was kind of surprised to note that the minister’s correspondence, broken down by department, did not include any provisions related to the over-expenditures.
Is the department going to spend all of their money in this area?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. On page 6 the first one is $5.9 million. Not Previously Authorized.
That’s what we’re asking for this year. We’re asking for $5.9 million for the seniors’ care facility to be able to provide that level of care. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is more related to the Department of Health.
If I’m mistaken, I’ll have Deputy Minister Stockley correct me.
I believe the question was asked, but I can respond by saying that the over-expenditures are not deducted from the Department of Health.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for clarifying that.
That’s the money that’s not spent within the department. That’s the money that we’re carrying over.
The balance of the budget for the Department of Health is $49 million.
The letter that I just sent out today will be translated into Inuktitut today and it was sent out on Friday, but it’s an appendix that doesn’t have a number.
That’s a small amount, but looking at the over-expenditures that we’re proposing through this supplementary appropriation. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appreciate that you’re referring to the appendix, but I was trying to talk about the correspondence that we received from the minister on page 4. It’s a breakdown of programs and funding.
Under the Department of Family Services, they’re advertising their surplus funds for recycling.
I don’t know why the Department of Health has not done that.
The Department of Health’s main estimates did not indicate that there would be a surplus.
On page 5 it indicates that the Department of Health will need an additional $49 million. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Department of Health is not talking about regional programs.
In the Department of Health, as I know from the regions, there are surpluses in the recruitment, staffing, and computer systems. There has been over $1 million in surpluses over the years.
Can the minister provide us with a breakdown of all the Department of Health programs that have surpluses when there is a deficit?
You’re requesting a lot of detailed information that may not be available at this time.
Minister Akoak.
… Mr. Akeeagok, go ahead.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for recognizing me.
We don’t have that level of detail in front of us.
We will be able to table it in the House later on. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’ll move on to the seniors’ homes.
In the second bullet, it indicates that “Currently elders facilities are operated through contracts with non-profit Nunavut organizations.”
I just want to say that this program is very accessible to any Nunavut organization.
I’m hoping that we can get as many contracts as possible.
Moving on to a different topic, just to go on to the next bullet, it says that 24-hour care for elders is 24-hour, 7-day week. The Department of Health provides housing according to the Department of Health.
The elders have to be governed according to this legislation.
I would like to ask the Department of Health if they have a minimum level of care for elders.
I responded to that earlier.
The contract has been awarded and the contract has been extended due to the Department of Health’s compliance and compliance requirements.
If there’s no compliance, the interpreters and the Department of Health meet with each other to make sure that they’re following the legislation properly.
Mr. Mitchell.
Can you clarify if these elders’ facilities are up to a minimum level of care?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
As it’s a new contract, we have increased it from $900,000 to $5.9 million.
It’s indicated that the three organizations that are going to be trying to keep up with the current level of care, but they haven’t really reached the level of care that elders need.
As the minister stated earlier, they’re trying to catch up. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you.
I’m starting to get a little bit quiet now.
In regard to medical travel, they’re asking for $50 million and I have brought this up many times in the House about medical travel, but they don’t have an appointment, especially in my constituency, when they’re down in Winnipeg, they find out that they don’t have an appointment.
Does the Department of Health have a list of patients that have gone down to Winnipeg that have been cancelled out of their appointments, and I’m just wondering if the Department of Health has that list of what the costs are for patients that have had no appointments, travel, accommodation, and fees?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): I thank the member for that question.
The Minister of Health has committed to reviewing all medical travel patients, including patients who have not been seen or who have fluctuated their appointments.
That’s one of the things that the government wants to look at. We’re going to try to find out where the allegations were.
The member raises a number of questions that he has seen in the past and that’s something that we will want to include in the review.
I would like to thank the member for raising that issue and we can look into it collectively.
That will be part of the review, but there are people that have gone to the health centre without an appointment. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I look forward to the results of the review.
At this time there was $5.5 million for tuberculosis in Qikiqtarjuaq and it was recently announced on February 26 that the federal government provided a significant amount of money to Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami. I believe it was $82 million to $80 million for tuberculosis research.
Has the government or the Department of Health requested or can ITK help us with this funding because we were given this funding? Has the government or the government had any discussions on whether they can be involved in compensating for tuberculosis?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That’s a very good question.
At this time the federal government’s announcement that the 2018-19 budget will be included in the funding to support Inuit-specific tuberculosis programs still indicates that “Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami will be allocated funding over a five-year period to support the development of Inuit-specific tuberculosis programs.”
At this time the standing committee has indicated that there is a committee comprised of representatives from Inuit-owned lands that the Department of Health is involved in.
At this time the additional funding will be provided by the federal government and as the Minister of Finance, I haven’t seen the details.
I look forward to seeing the details. If Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami are doing a good job and they understand us well, we are working with the Department of Health.
That’s how it is set up.
We will be informed as to what’s happening with the contents of the bill. We will be kept informed as to what’s happening with the contents of the bill.
I would like to ask another question regarding medical travel.
It says here that medical travel is out of control and there are interest rates and contracts that go up. That’s what I’m trying to get at.
With the $15 million deficit, does the Department of Health understand why it’s so high?
What are the main reasons for the increase?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Through you, I’ll ask my Deputy Minister, Mr. Stockley, to answer that question.
Medical travel and medevacs are increasing every year.
There are more and more patients going through medical travel, but there’s also an increase in the number of people that can be diagnosed early.
With regard to tuberculosis, it has been a very challenging issue and it is one of the reasons for the spread of tuberculosis across Canada.
I’ll use an example.
I think there were about 60 medevacs that were scheduled to go to the health centre in December.
There’s always an increase in the number of medevacs that are sent out every week and we’re always looking at it, but in the spring of this year, people who are suffering from lung disease or oxygen or oxygen are in an emergency situation.
The combination of medical travel and medevacs has all increased.
Mr. Chairman, I’m not going to go into the details, but I’m trying to understand the reasons for the increase.
I’m just wondering if the population of Nunavut is going to be as good as they are. Are they getting sick?
Can I get a little bit more detail on whether or not my question is too broad, are we getting caught up or are we getting left behind?
I’ll ask Deputy Minister Stockley to answer that question.
It’s a sad fact that we’ve got the highest number of people in Canada, the Department of Health, and the food insecurity that we’ve got in a building that’s really causing some serious health issues, but we’ve got to make sure that we don’t have housing anymore.
We did add to the re-supply at the Qikiqtani General Hospital.
One of the things that we try to do is reduce the amount of medical travel.
We’re moving forward.
The second category, for example, is telehealth. It’s going to be used in three regions.
You’re going to hear more and more about the funding that we’re looking at for operations and maintenance.
I thank the minister for his response.
I’m very much looking forward to the main estimates when we’re dealing with this.
One of the things that you hear is that it’s a continuous process.
When I look at the substantiation sheet, it doesn’t say what the reason is for the increase of $10.5 million.
Have you been pushing the department to increase the number of people with mental health issues and what is the reason for that?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) It’s both diagnostic and mental health.
During the Fourth Session of the Fourth Legislative Assembly, members of the Legislative Assembly declared that it was an urgent matter for the government to take action.
When we’re hiring people to provide services in our communities, we’re going to continue to do that. We don’t have any training programs in place to make sure that people are diagnosed.
It’s going to be changing our people and making sure that the members keep tabling it in the House to the public.
My last question is in regard to the Mental Health First Aid Program, how many services are we providing outside of the territory for people with mental health issues?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 64.
I’m just wondering: what’s the change in the past?
We don’t have that level of information in front of us, but it’s increasing and if the member wants that information, we will be able to provide it to him in the upcoming main estimates.
Moving on to a different topic, the Qikiqtarjuaq TB study, I’m sure all of us will agree that it’s very encouraging to hear that.
It states here that equipment and equipment will be kept by the Department of Health. Will it be inspected in other communities or if it’s too small, will it remain in the community?
Through you, I’ll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that question.
Will the property assessment be done through the capital planning process?
I’m lost.
It’s under capital. Can you clarify that for me?
Through you, I’ll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that question.
The majority of these assets were from the federal government.
Those are the things that we received from the federal government, such as the refrigerators, the sprinkler system, the beds, and all those types of things that the Department of Health has been doing in practice.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
That’s my last question. I’m sure that’s my last question.
In the Department of Health’s Public Service Recruitment and Retention Strategy, you say that you’re hiring agency nurses and you’ve got a contract in place. The department has been very successful in reducing the number of agency nurses.
I would like to ask, for this year’s expenditures in previous years, what has been the difference in the amount of money spent on this project?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Instead of having a catalogue of nurses, we’re having more nurses here in Nunavut.
From last year to now we’re using more of our indeterminate nurses.
That’s my final question.
If I get the breakdown of the $8.6 million, I would appreciate it.
Broken down by line, for the 2017-18 fiscal year the department’s casual staffing shortfall was $52.5 million, the casual staffing budget exceeded $45.3 million, the wait-list was $15.7 million, and the ordering of agency nurses exceeded $0.1 million, and the total budget exceeded $8.6 million.
I just have one question and I’ll just go on to the breakdown of what you’re talking about, but I’ll just add to Mr. Mike’s question.
I don’t have the details in front of me.
If a nurse in Sanikiluaq is in an emergency overnight, they have to be overtime. I know that the employee has to be overtime.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I know the minister was answering questions today about what the department is doing to recruit nurses.
I’ll leave it at that for now.
I just want to comment that when we’re looking at the main estimates for the Department of Health, there are staff, physicians, contractors, psychiatrists, and medical travel that are available on an annual basis.
The number for mental health and addictions is dramatically changing from last year’s budget of $6.8 million to $7.8 million last year’s supplementary appropriation.
Earlier when I was talking about the budgeting process, the Minister of Finance indicated that they haven’t made any changes at this time, but I believe that they need to make real changes because we’re always going back and forth and approving supplementary appropriations.
When you know that they’re over budget and they’re coming up with a realignment of the main estimates, they’re going to have to come up with what they’re supposed to be doing and not just what they’re supposed to be doing.
That’s just a comment, but I would like to hear from the minister about that comment.
I think that’s exactly what we’re looking at. We’re taking a realistic look at what the members of the Fifth Assembly are considering. We’ve had discussions with some departments, Health and Justice, and they’re constantly asking for supplementary appropriations.
I’m very happy that we’re talking about this in the main estimates and I’m working very closely with my cabinet colleagues on that.
I do respond to some of the health issues that I have been the Minister of Health ever since I became the Minister of Health. It’s something that’s very much felt by the Department of Health.
It’s something that we really need to do because we need to make sure that we’re budgeting properly and correcting errors, and then we’re going to make sure that we’re correcting those errors and not changing the budgeting process. We need to recognize that we’re going to have to make sure that we’re doing the right thing.
It’s only through this House that we will be able to make those changes.
One of our regular members’ statements made a lot of observations.
It’s something that we have to work very closely together as MLAs. We really need that.
The 2017-18 main estimates reflect some of the challenges that we face. I look forward to working with the Premier and the Premier on the processes that we’re going through. Even if we’re not supposed to be here, we don’t have to go back to the main estimates.
That’s all I wanted to say and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for giving me the opportunity to speak.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
I applaud the minister for recognizing the need for improvement.
I just wanted to reiterate that as the member mentioned, it’s a legal continuum of attendance that we’re sitting with right now. It’s an overtime issue for nurses and other legislation. It’s a recurring budget for overtime. I have talked about that and I’ll be raising it for the next three and a half years.
I think it’s something that needs to be recognized, but I’m wondering if the Minister of Human Resources can give us an idea of how the government can do that.
If we’re going to fill the existing positions within our organizational structure, if we’re going to fill those positions where there are weaknesses, as Mr. Main talked about the challenges that the government faces, the challenges that it faces, the health problems of some of our employees, then we’re going to have to go back and look at how we can move forward with filling those positions where we have our strengths and our strengths and not just trying to keep up with the challenges that we have.
When we’re talking about overtime, I’m going to want to know more about moving forward where the priorities are and what the initiatives are so that we can look forward to what we can do.
That’s just a comment.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have one question on mental health and the contract. On the fourth bullet it says, “… the Department of Justice will pay for medical travel.” Is that included in the $10.5 million?
I’ll make it brief. Yes, the members are.
Mr. Lightstone, do you have another question?
My final question is in regard to Mr. Main and Mr. Hickes’ questions.
The last one is in regard to staffing at the hospital. There’s a $8.6 million deficit. Just to clarify, you’re indicating $143 million to $151 million to $8.6 million.
Is that for salaries and benefits for the department?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, that’s the compensation and benefits.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Is this $151 million 100 percent correct?
This is a $25 million increase in salaries.
I don’t think the funding has ever been 100 percent.
As I stated earlier, if I compile the number of hours that are ordered, I think what we’re trying to do is we’re requesting $8.6 million in our main estimates for salaries and benefits. I think that’s the closest we can get.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It’s not 100 percent accurate. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Now it’s just around the corner. There are a lot of things on the list.
Moving on to the minister’s opening comments on page 4, the department’s budget for medical travel is $63.8 million for the fiscal year 2017-18.
I’m just wondering why that money was set aside in the 2016-17 fiscal year.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I don’t have that information in front of me.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lightstone, we’re dealing with 2016-17 and not 2017-18.
I’ll keep in mind that it’s 2016-17 and I’ll leave it at that.
I was asking about the medical travel budget last year. What is the department’s projected budget for 2018-19?
Mr. Akeeagok may not have that level of detail for 2017-18, but Minister Akeeagok may not have that level of detail.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I believe it’s going to be ahead of schedule in May, where we’re going to be talking about the 2018-19 fiscal year.
We’re voting on the interim appropriation for 2017-18. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Again, there are some deficiencies within the budget process that the minister has provided. There are a lot of variables that the department has been doing every year since it was amended, so I’m hoping that in the coming year I’ll be making a formal request to the Department of Health when the O & M budget is being discussed.
I don’t want to see an increase in the budget every year.
It’s just the same process. I would like to get more details on the department’s operations and maintenance budget.
That’s just a comment.
Chairman (interpretation): Mr. Qirngnuq, do you have a question?
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I have one question on medical travel. I’ll ask it in English so that I can be clear on the third bullet for April. The number of medevacs has increased since last year.
The member is talking about medical travel. This has increased the number of people who are sick and the number of people going to the hospital has increased.
However, the cost of medical travel is increasing.
Mr. Mikkungwak, do you have a question?
I apologize. I thought you had your hand up.
We’re on Health. Operations and Maintenance.
We’re done with $43,100,000. If you go down to the bottom, the total department is $49 million.
Not Previously Authorized.
Go back to page 2. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Schedule 1. Operations and Maintenance Appropriation. $56,602,000.
Go to Bill 3 in your legislation binder.
I’m sorry, but I’ll go back.
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018.
Chairman (interpretation): Go to the Schedule on page 2. Schedule. Supplementary Amounts Appropriated for 2017-18. Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $56,602,000. Agreed?
Clause 4. Agreed?
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 5. Agreed?
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to Bill 3 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62(2) that Bill 3 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
With that, we will be able to make some changes to the budget.
Before we go to the next bill, we will have the bill passed.
I also thank the member for his excellent work and I will now rise to report progress.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you. Did you want someone else to come in?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the minister’s officials out.
Moving on to Bill 4.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed with your opening comments.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appear before you today to present Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-2018, No. 4.
Through this bill, the government is seeking an additional $96,000 in 2017-18.
This supplementary appropriation will provide the Department of Community and Government Services with a non-cash contribution of $96,000 in interest adjustments during the negotiations for the development of a lease to the Nunavut Construction Corporation’s Legislative Assembly building and nine GN offices across the territory.
I would be pleased to take questions and comments.
Are there any general comments on the minister’s opening comments?
This is the first time I have been involved in this. I would like to know why we should do this.
Can the Department of Community and Government Services not find their own capital projects?
We have to make sure that it’s reflected in the financial statements. We want to make sure that it’s transparent.
There wouldn’t be any money until they got paid. The interest rates were higher than expected. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) 2017-18, No. 4. Community and Government Services. Not Previously Authorized. Total Community Services. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to page 2.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) 2017-18, No. 4. Schedule 1. Capital. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to Bill 4 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018, No. 1. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2.
Schedule. Supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Fiscal Year Ending 2018. Vote 2.
Capital Appropriation. $96,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree to Bill 4 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree, pursuant to Rule 62(2), that Bill 4 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
On behalf of the Auditor General of Canada and our comptroller general, I thank you all for agreeing to that.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses in.
As the Committee of the Whole is concluded, I now recognize the clock and would like to report progress to the Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): Going to the orders of the day.
Mr. Rumbolt.
Your committee has been considering Bills 2, 3, and 4 and would like to report that Bills 2, 3, and 4 are immediately ready for third reading.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the Report of the Committee of the Whole be agreed to.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
Item 21.
Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Aggu, that Bill 2, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018, to June 30, 2018, be read for the third time.
To the motion.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
The motion is carried and Bill 2 is ready for assent.
Third Reading of Bills.
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I’ll move on to the next name on the list.
It’s a long day.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, that Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018, be read for the third time.
The motion is carried and Bill 3 is ready for assent.
Item 21. Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet South, that Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018, be read for the third time. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
Thank you. The motion is carried and Bill 4 is ready for assent.
Mr. Clerk, please ascertain if the Commissioner of Nunavut is prepared to enter the Chamber to give assent to bills.
Assent to Bills
Commissioner Nellie Kusugak (interpretation): Members, please be seated.
Welcome.
As Commissioner of Nunavut, I am pleased to give assent to the following bills.
Bill 1, Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 2, 2018-2018;
Bill 2, Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018;
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018; and
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
It has been a few months since I gave assent to the Legislative Assembly.
Since then you have been working on a number of new initiatives that are representative of Nunavut and Nunavummiut.
Tomorrow will be the spring day of June 20. We expect that it will be a day and it will be a beautiful day.
As such, I declare the 5th Session of the First Legislative Assembly adjourned until tomorrow, at 1:30 p.m. tomorrow, for the opening of the Second Session of the Second Legislative Assembly.
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you. Before we go to Item 22, I have an announcement to make.
As Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Chair of the Order of Nunavut’s Order of Nunavut, I am very proud to be able to present this year’s Order of Nunavut.
On January 1, 2010 the Order of Nunavut Act came into force.
It’s intended to make sense for people to be recognized for the hard work and dedication that they have given themselves to Nunavummiut and to our communities.
The Order of Nunavut is the highest honour of all Government of Nunavut awards, medals, or medals.
As of today, 15 people have received the Order of Nunavut.
These individuals have been recognized for their hard work in contributing to a wide range of areas, including public service broadcasting, education, language advocacy, multi-party leadership, and growth.
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to be able to introduce two individuals to the Order of Nunavut this year, Ms. Fadi Brewster, and Mr. Ludy Pudluk.
I am very pleased to have the opportunity to join Mr. Pudluk in the House today.
Welcome, Mr. Pudluk.
As members are aware, Betty Brewster is a well-known interpreter for many years.
In 2016 he was also recognized for his work and dedication in the work that the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit did to the Languages Commissioner.
Mr. Pudluk was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of service, Mr. Pudluk represented the High Arctic communities and was a key player in the process of establishing Nunavut.
I am pleased to announce that we will be working on the accreditation plan for Ms. Brewster and Mr. Pudluk during the spring 2018 sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
The award ceremony will be held in the Legislative Assembly and will be broadcast on Nunavut’s television channel.
Congratulations to Commissioner Nellie Kusugak, who will be the recipient of the Order of Nunavut, and I hope that all members of this House will be able to join me during this exciting day.
We will now proceed to the orders of the day.
Item 22. Orders of the Day.
Orders of the Day for March 20:
Opening Address
This House stands adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, at 1:30 p.m.
>>Committee adjourned at 19:25
Hon. David Akeeagok
Hon. Pat Angnakak
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for Seniors’ Advocate; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak
Minister of Justice; Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation; Minister responsible for the Status of Women; Minister of Human Resources
George Hickes
Hon. David Joanasie
Minister of Culture and Heritage; Minister of Education; Minister of Languages; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Joelie Qiniq
Mela Kamingoak
Hon. Minister Quassa.
Minister of Community and Government Services; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Adam Lightstone
Aarluk Man
(Arviat North-Whale Cove)
Simeon Mikkungwak
Margaret Nakashuk
Patterk Netser
Emiliano Qirngnuq
(Netsilik)
Hon. Paul Quassa
Deputy Premier; Minister of Family Services; Minister responsible for Homelessness; Minister responsible for Immigration
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik
Government House Leader; Minister of Economic Development and Transportation; Minister of Energy; Minister of Environment
Qaatani Towtongie
Recovery bishop visits the church in Nunavut
“The whole of the Arctic now is linked to an event tonight”
"Rodney Howard-Brown, a bishop of Yvongos in Florida, bishop of Iqaluit on Aug. 27."
(Photo by Thomas Rohner)
By Thomas Rohner Special to Nunatsiaq News
"Religious bishop Yovanovitch is better known for his actions, convincing climate change and his economy that the world will eliminate any Christians who don’t believe he came to Iqaluit’s church on Aug. 27."
"Rodney HuffPost-Brown, a former South African resident who moved to the United States, told attendees near the Tampa Bay area last year that the world’s most vulnerable people had spotted Lucia and drinked a person’s blood donation."
He was stranded for more than an hour at the Iqaluit Cathedral for more than 100 people.
But their message is not public.
“The whole of the Arctic now is linked to an event tonight.
"So if you want a light (exit), please stand at the church’s knee, or you can leave."
"It’s up to you,” HuffPost-Brown said during the two-and-a-half hours."
About 50 people attended.
“I didn’t fly for thousands of miles to play.
"I didn’t come here to be impressed, and I didn’t come here to ask for your permission… Remember: after Jesus died of a heart attack, he asked me to leave the room with Inuit.”"
"Attendance among Inuit was higher among infants, youth and elders."
"Inside the church’s Christian Flushing Cathedral near Iqaluit’s Rhode Novo, children sparked between seats."
"Outside, the church and Musk are confronted with each other behind a car strike, with the couple facing Ted Doug Lake."
"The Hollywood-Brown bishop was one of the organized events of the Belfast Association’s Arctic Hope Project, located in Ottawa."
The organization did not respond to Nunatsiaq News in an organized hearing.
"The event, which ranks 119 of its 300 guests in every community, started about an hour after the event."
"First, Iqaluit’s Iqaluit church choir launched this evening in Iqaluit after the late Yvonslav Rev. Louis Arreak, who helped launch the Christian Velasquez church."
"Eric Garneau, a fellow bishop of Howard-Brown Riverdale at the churches of England, gave 40 minutes to speak about the president."
"Louie Arreak, Iqaluit’s Yvonneliste and singer, sang the song before Rodney Howard-Brown spoke."
(Photo courtesy of Riverdale’s Ministry of Engineering)
” God loves a donor”
Garneau is asking attendees to submit email addresses through the registry and to follow the Hollywood-Brown Instagram account.
He handed out a purchase order for Howard-Brown’s spiritual sales.
"And the release of Howard-Brown’s book, Killing of the Planet, says he’s talking about what he’s experienced in the controversial e-commerce sector over the last 200 years."
"“This speaks to a disadvantaged Croatia, that’s what he’s talking about,” Garneau said."
Gannon then filmed the 18-minute-long Howard-Brown sketch that he used to run a severe wreck.
"At the end of the video, Howard-Brown prayed that donors will receive money for his church God’s safeguards."
"“God loves a big donor”, Howard-Brown said in his video."
Gania broke his head at the end of the video.
"“One has a church and one has gathered and together we’re celebrating the vegetables, so if you put a church there, go to your church’s fund."
That’s amazing.”
"He then donates the bags to a place and tells these people that we can’t get the “best gift for the soul,” whether financially, or financially, going to RMI Canada, using a plastic or a smartphone."
"“I’ve always told people, don’t put the biggest profits into the church or the new line… please use them to promote the church and promote spirits."
That’s it?”
Several people filled out the fill and voiced the bag and packaged it into a blue plastic bag.
Some people just scratch the bag as they hold it.
One female Inuk Emmerdale contains no content for her selection.
The challenge of getting funding from countries is also extremely difficult for many: Nunavut requires about half of its population to receive income support despite food insecurity and housing shortages.
"Howard-Brown did not respond to an interview with Nunatsiaq News, so it’s unclear how much she made."
Their earnings are kept secret but their website says it provides training in 158 locations.
It also said that Inuit who want to participate in the Aviation Program can also get rid of income tax.
Garneau called on the attendees to raise their hands to hold their donations to Riverdale’s churches.
"“Father, we thank you for this gift, and we thank you for being the ambassador of the spirit, please go to our bank accounts,” Garneau said."
Three-quarters of Qatar’s total were collected.
Rodney Howard-Brown instructs the roof of the woman’s neck.
Rev. Patterk Netser calls him a friend
"That bishop is already heavily dependent on Nunavut, based in most communities."
"Egypt sits each year and, in the mid-2000s, continues to grow."
"One participant in that type of conference, Roger Armbishop, told Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that the conferences are a big voice for those whose lives have been damaged by domestic violence and substance abuse."
But Howard-Brown’s pledge to spend more money on acquisitions and artificial intelligence may be new to Nunavut.
"Patterk Netser, a longtime defender of reality religion and now Nunavut’s minister of housing and Nunavut Arctic College, has called Hughes-Brown’s call “Askimo’s girlfriend” which he has told him climate change is totally false."
"Netser declined to be interviewed by Nunatsiaq News but said, “Ronnie is a friend of mine and we talk to each other.”"
"When asked to respond to Howard-Brown’s numerous times in the media about his obstruction, having also alleged that the U.S. Supreme Court must shoot America’s constitution is unacceptable, Netanyahu said, “I don’t care what happens in America."
My main concern is for my people and Nunavummiut.”
"Rodney Howard-Brown, a Rev. Yvonnelis of Florida, sits in Iqaluit on Aug. 27. (Photo by Thomas Rohner)"
“Tonight will be a light on the ice”
"After an hour of events, Howard-Brown—a visionary—travelled to the bishop’s kingdom."
"“Tonight it’s going to be light on the ice,” the missionary said of more than 100 people, mostly Inuit, at different ages."
"“If you don’t want the power, let’s run on your door.”"
"Within an hour, Howard-Brown’s voice sounds loud and quiet."
He stopped short of calling for something to happen and called for something to happen.
"“I know I don’t feel like I’m from Africa, I do that because my parents used to shake me, never let me out,” she said with a laugh."
“Moses was the first person in the office (Dallas).
The first broke down and he had to go back to switch.
And Adamee and Evie were the first to make Apple products.”
"Howard-Brown became a well-known, purposeful, laughing stock for the meeting where attendees laughed."
"His grandson attended the exit at the age of two, he laughed after 12 minutes, HuffPost-Brown said."
Hollywood-Brown has been multiple times criticized by other Yvonians in the springs of the planet.
He’s been called a missionary by which religious priests become laughing at each other’s events. HuffPost-Brown has responded to those who complained that he’d just complain about leaving and going to the frightening room.
"Arreak, a Iqaluit-based Yovanovitch and singer who helped him recover from the incident, laughed at family members during his prison sentence."
"“This is not a funeral, why are Inuit sad?”"
Hollywood-Brown said.
Arreak laughs.
“We’re serving Jesus and he’s alive.”
Arreak laughs.
"“I like this bishop,” said Arreak, who made his laugh more loud."
Howard-Brown laughs with others just laughing.
“We’re happy.
"Happily you can get out of the water, from places where there are no limits.”"
Arreak’s laugh suddenly fell at the top of the house.
“This is a reality.
No one will be arrested this evening.”
"Arreak, who Nunatsiaq News says he doesn’t want to tell reporters, laughs."
"Howard-Brown also spoke in plain language, saying the language was understood in the Indigenous language of Papua New Gini’s missionary."
I ‘t’s Mon-a-La-Pa.
"Ron-Pam-Goo,” she said."
Rodney Howard-Brown invites guests to the church’s side to get a light exit.
Some laughs
But many of Howard-Brown’s instructions aren’t funny or funny.
They were suddenly kicked out of the exit door before he was given a prison sentence.
"Before touching the non-compliant audience, Howard-Brown had two people complaining about it before they left."
“Where are you going with Brada?
Hi.
Hey!
You’re out?”
Howard-Brown says one man is quiet when he leaves the church.
"“After you come in, do you take pictures on the phone and leave?"
You’re a reporter for the day-to-day news here?”
Attendees laughed.
"“I don’t know how to say goodbye to him and take him back… find out who he is and why he’s taking a photo and why he’s out,” said one of his staff members."
"After asking for the bishop’s place, Howard-Brown suddenly grabbed two women in the next few seats because they don’t like their eyes."
“Have you been alive again?
"What are you, Zhova Whitney?”"
Attendees laugh.
“I’ve never seen people sitting on the boundary that can’t change.
"So you can crack through others, or maybe you’re better than others.”"
When the two women stood up and walked out.
“I’m just trying to ask.
"I say that, it’s my job."
I know the circumstances of Inner’s body.
You don’t hate me.
It’s not funny.
The whole of the Arctic now is linked to an event tonight.”
Disciplinary staff members in attendance are telling them not to take pictures and recording.
"However, they photographed the entire system."
It’s even for the Inuit rangers when Howard-Brown touches them and they’re pictured nearby.
"Photos posted by the Riverdale Cathedral of Engineers on my website show multiple attendees at a time of decline—their faces are visible, without ice, their mouth shut, or standing on the floor."
A woman in Hawaii-Brown’s hand sits on the floor below Saturday’s wall.
"In front of him, Howard-Brown and his staff attend the event to connect Inuit couples."
This event was originally directed to St. Jude
"The event was originally intended to be at St. Jude’s Anglican Cathedral in Iqaluit, but it was changed."
"That change was shifted to guests Howard-Brown, secretary of state St. Joamie said."
"David Parsons, the Anglican bishop of the Arctic, said he didn’t know if Howard-Brown was going to prison in St. Jude."
"If he had known it, he said he would have stopped because Howard-Brown is a big fan of it."
"As a result, the community of Anglicans did not meet the terms of approval for the bishop’s event, Parsons said."
"The Anglican church’s role is largely sympathetic, and works with other churches, Parsons said."
"“But there is a good deal of trust, and it doesn’t deal with the unacceptable beliefs and churches that go there.”"
Howard-Brown’s case appears to be a different one.
“I’m not here to tell any religious people what they want.
"If religion in the Arctic were to be a strategy, something would have happened in the Arctic,” she said to attendees."
“I don’t come for an invitation.
"In need… if you have a good light, you have to have a foundation.”"
"In poor attendance, Canada launches new Arctic policy document"
Liberal Democrats say the new policy represents a “big change in direction”
"Many of the fugitives grew up in Cape Dorset, Nunavut."
"With the federal government the next day to say goodbye, the Liberal government released a long-awaited Arctic policy framework."
(File photo)
By Jim Bell
"Earlier in the day of the national election campaign’s nomination contest, the Liberal government, largely absent, launched a long-awaited northern and northern policy framework on Sept. 10."
"This letter, which marks the first step in the success of the initiative, will replace former Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s 2009 Northern Strategy and Harper’s government’s 2010 Statement on Canada’s Arctic policy."
This is intended to guide federal policy in the Arctic up to 2030—but there are no implementation plans or political guidelines for future activities.
"These will take place in the second phase, the strategy said."
"Meanwhile, this move comes from Carolyn Bennett, the minister of Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs, who said the policy document represents “a big shift in the direction of the federal government.”"
The policy’s introduction is expected to be late than expected.
"This year, Bennett said that policy will be released in June."
CBC reported earlier this month that a news conference in Yellowknife would be held in August.
"In Liberal’s policy eight “objectives,” which include a strategy, and 10(10) “principles.”"
"It covers a wide range of policy areas, including community and regional economic development, infrastructure, Indigenous rights, environmental protection, national security and foreign policy."
"When Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, on Dec. 20, 2016, announced that his government would like to develop new policies, he promised a “co-ordinated” approach to northern governments and Indigenous organizations."
"As a result, more than 25 Indigenous organizations, including the Government of Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, Yukon, Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland-Labrador, took part in the conciliation."
"“Through the co-ordination of Canada’s Arctic and Arctic policy strategy, our partners have helped us understand and raise awareness of the non-binding rights and practices of different regions, responsibilities and sovereignty rights across the circumpolar Arctic,” Bennett said in a news release."
"And some colleagues wrote their editorial, which is published in separate policy documents."
Some commenters don’t talk about federal policy
"For example, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, the Government of Nunavut, the Government of the Northwest Territories and the three regional governments have shared their own personal statements."
But there’s something going on.
Those articles submitted by organizers may not be able to represent federal policy.
That’s a sign that the federal government may face a number of problems that would argue in favour of more than 31 partners.
"“As part of the process, they are not entirely clear from the point of view of either the federal government or any other party,” the progress document said."
The authors say their approval rating was a tough one.
"“The opinions, aspirations and objectives and demands of the hearing are shared by many opinions and opinions."
This means we have reached an agreement with the federal government and Indigenous parties involved in the process of getting approval.”
You can find connections to the Arctic policy in the display here.
8 Goals
"These are the eight goals of the strategy, reflecting the federal government’s commitment."
"• A strong, sustainable, diverse and sustainable community and regional economy."
• Canada’s Arctic and Arctic Indigenous peoples can continue to apply and stay healthy.
• In northern Canada and the Arctic Inuit are safe and secure.
• A stronger industrial area where differences can be remedied elsewhere in Canada.
• The rules are based in the Arctic as an effective tool for new opportunities and opportunities.
• Knowledge and understanding directions for decision making.
• Canada’s Arctic and Arctic livelihoods are healthy and persistent.
• The partnership helps to maintain and restore trust among Indigenous and non-Indigenous people.
These targets start with a wide range of “aspirations” that have been redefined.
Ten foundations
"Among those objectives and objectives, the policy document describes principles underneath them, which were created as “a permanent guiding principle for the implementation of the program”:"
"• Decisions about the Arctic will be made in a spirit of partnership and northern engagement, in a spirit of rights, needs and northern interests."
"• The rights and sanctions of the Canadian government, regional, provincial, Indigenous and local governments will be respected."
"• Development must be viable and credible, from a social, cultural, economic and environmental point of view."
"• Continuing the gathering of Indigenous peoples, using the results of the truth and reconciliation commission as a milestone, will be a success."
"• As climate change is a reality on this planet, the strategy will focus on a wide range of areas affected, including the impact on Indigenous peoples, who depend on land and wildlife for their cultural, economic and food security."
"• A policy and a program that will identify disparities and inequality, and facilitate access to resources such as a gender-specific study (Gender-based Analytica Plant) that may affect a wide range of people."
"• This will be a tool for respecting multiple constitutional principles that ensure that the rights, interests and circumstances of Inuit, northern Indigenous First Nations and Métis are respected, clarified and implemented."
"• The Government of Canada recognizes that Inuit, Indigenous First Nations and Métis are Indigenous peoples of Canada, in the sense of diversity, the right to know communities, which have their own history, including the federal government."
"• Work to build relationships based on their right to self-determination, respect, co-operation must reflect the needs, priorities and circumstances of each person."
"• All organizations, from private individuals to universities and colleges, which include non-profit organizations, community organizations and individuals across Canada, have a key role in building a stronger Canadian Arctic."
Nunavut’s Conservative candidate accuses him of raising carbon taxes at the cost of “everything”
Leona Aglukkaq speaks as a candidate about her strategy for Nunavut
"Leona Aglukkaq, the Nunavut Conservative candidate, shows Conservative Prime Minister Andrew Schneider’s farm in Iqaluit’s Silvia Grinnell Park during a visit to the city on June 19."
(Photo by Emma Tranter)
By Emma Tranter
"A Nunavut Conservative candidate says that if the Conservative government were to become a government, they would eliminate a carbon tax because it “raises prices for everything.”"
Leona Aglukkaq started the campaign Nunavut’s trip to communities.
As Nunavut’s parliamentarian, he launched his campaign in Iqaluit during a ceremony held on Sept. 12 at the Frobisher Hotel.
He later flew to Rankin Inlet the next day to Iqaluit for another week.
Nunatsiaq News had the opportunity to talk to Aglukkaq while she was in Iqaluit.
"The carbon tax “raises the cost of air, shopping, shipping, hunting and homeownership,” says Aglukkaq’s campaign poster."
Ms. Aglukkaq also told Nunatsiaq News that the tax has a negative impact on daycares and elders’ homes due to increased heating.
“Every piece of art is affected by this carbon tax.”
Ms. Aglukkaq said.
“The carbon tax when we can’t afford to pay is like a carbon house.”
"But George Hickes, Nunavut’s finance minister, announced in May that under a bilateral agreement in Ottawa, electricity and aviation fuels in Nunavut have been exempted from the tax."
The Government of Nunavut and its subsidiaries pay half of the carbon tax in Nunavut.
"Aglukkaq’s campaign for Nunavut has four priorities: affordable housing, mental health and infrastructure."
“How can we as a government and the private sector and the Government of Nunavut work together to address this massive housing needs across the North?”
"Housing Aglukkaq’s campaign priorities say she would create a strategy that would include housing needs, elders’ housing and disability housing."
"Federal and territorial governments must also consider introducing homeownership, Mr. Okalik."
Ms. Aglukkaq also said the creation of Arctic infrastructure and mental health education for Nunavummiut.
"“Nunavut is a vast coastline in Canada and we are still left with the necessary marine resources in our communities, so we have to consider big initiatives like this in the Arctic,” she said."
"“We must address the need for housing, training Nunavummiut to provide mental health services in order to support our communities.”"
"When asked if he would push for a federal northern Nutrition Program, Aglukkaq said the carbon tax has increased food prices through increased airfares."
"When asked if he thinks the program would pave the way, and if not, what he would do other than the carbon tax, he said he would talk to the Arctic Council."
"He said that when the Conservative government becomes a government, the council would remain in existence."
“It’s very important to have an Inuk in the Arctic who can tell the government how to improve the program.
This is not a good program.
Not everything is perfect in the world.
But there has to be a subsidy for Arctic food.”
"Ms. Aglukkaq declined to specify what advice she would give to northern Nutrition North, but said funding was needed for food and that “elimination” would not help."
"Recently, a study published in the Canadian Health Association’s Journal of Paediatrics found that food is becoming more difficult in Nunavut than in the Arctic under Nutrition North, according to data from the Canadian Community Health Survey."
"Ms. Aglukkaq said her previous work as the minister of the environment would help tackle climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but she did not give any details on how to do it."
He said he would support the Kivalliq connection (hybrid) and Greece Bay route and the Kitikmeot port for ships.
“Will we be able to stop using fossil fuels as soon as possible?
"No,” she said."
"When Conservative Prime Minister Andrew Scheer came to Iqaluit last June, he insisted Nunavut needs to develop a recycling system, saying there is “a lot of difficulty” with the current Liberal government."
Ms. Aglukkaq said she believes the policies have already been put in place to talk to Inuit about renewable resources development and it’s unclear if they will be put in place now.
"“The Nunavut land claims agreement provides information on how businesses should be treated in the Arctic. The land claims agreement, in my view, is the most important environmental plan."
"It protects our land, protects our waters, protects our wildlife."
“It’s already been set up to meet the needs of how projects should be performed.
And it has made it a political issue and we have to be proud of it.
"And decisions about the Arctic must come from Inuit in the Arctic, not from Ottawa.”"
"Aglukkaq’s head office left Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on Sept. 19, her office said."
"He also plans to travel to Pangnirtung, Qikiqtarjuaq and Clyde River before heading to the Kivalliq and Kitikmeot regions."
MPs to search for new Nunavut’s Languages Commissioner
Holland Klengenberg quits her job in health care
"Nunavut MLAs will soon seek the new Nunavut Languages Commissioner, following Helen Klengenberg’s resignation from her job."
Klengenberg has served as Languages Commissioner since 2017.
By Nunatsiaq News
"Nunavut MLAs will soon seek the new Languages Commissioner, following the resignation of Helen Klengenberg from the position."
"Klengenberg, who has served as Nunavut’s Languages Commissioner since June 2017, stepped down in the recent days of health care."
"This is the Languages Commissioner’s official role in the legislative assembly of Nunavut and she is required to report back to the board, as is the current MLA for Klengenberg’s successor."
"That would happen through the Management and Services Board, which is the committee of MLAs responsible for the legislative assembly’s operations, Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a statement issued this past Sept. 17."
"“I think that the Management and Services Board will begin the process of recruiting staff soon and we will make an announcement if necessary to fill a temporary vacancy,” Mikkungwak said in a statement."
"The Languages Commissioner’s job, according to a program outlined in the Official Languages Act, is to monitor language rights in Nunavut."
"Klengenberg was appointed in 2017 after a long search for nearly a year, following the sudden resignation of Sandra Inutiq in June 2016."
Inutiq resigned from his job a month after he presented his report to the Qikiqtani General Hospital that the hospital does not have a language policy and does not provide services to Inuktitut and French speakers.
He also said the deputy health minister had applied for a year-long list of inspection reports.
"Subsequently, MLAs made an advertisement for the position three times before appointing Klengenberg."
"In 2017, the Languages Commissioner’s job was paid about $119,000 to $170,000 a year, with a northern allowance of $15,016 a year, a 25-day holiday a year in pay and other benefits."
Canada Inuit orgs expansion strategy in Inuit Nunangat
"ITK’s election campaign priorities include reducing inequality, building infrastructure, Inuit self-determination"
The National Inuit Representation Association wants a broader investment strategy for Inuit Nunangat “that matches the creation of a national railway or a railway network in eastern Canada.”
The Canadian Inuit Association has sent a message to anyone who will become the Canadian federation’s executive director: launching a massive national network in Inuit Nunangat that “matches the development of a national railway or railway network in eastern Canada.”
"In support of that, ITK released a list of nine topics that prioritized candidates who are being considered during the current federal election campaign."
“Inuit Nunangat is the least developed country in the country.
"Inuit are using discrimination against other Canadians, as well as other Canadians living in Inuit Nunangat,” the ITK news release said."
"In addition to that, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami also revealed the type of commitments the next federal government will make in the 2020 budget, which will likely be released in February or March."
The budget submission calls on the next government of Canada to continue its implementation of Inuit Nunangat policies for Inuit-specific funding.
"“ITK is calling on all regional politicians to commit to the implementation of Inuit Nunangat policy in all levels of government, so that Inuit have access to and benefit from policies, programs and initiatives that are being pursued to support our people,” ITK president Natan Obed said in a press release."
All two documents contain the following demands:
• connect all 51 Inuit Nunangat communities by using Popper App (fibre optic) communications networks before the end of 2031.
• eliminate technical problems in Inuit Nunangat by 2030.
• Delay of housing delays to expire in all four Inuit Nunangat communities within two years.
• Create more addictions treatment centres.
• Create more family violence shelters and temporary housing.
• More investment in people with mental illness and suicide prevention.
The nine listed Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami language priorities are as follows:
1.
Work on social activities and suicide prevention.
2.
Work on housing to ensure that all refugees are allowed to live in Inuit Nunangat for two years after they were elected.
3.
"Work on energy as well as climate change, to ensure Canadians no longer receive greenhouse gases into the atmosphere before 2050."
4.
Work to strengthen Inuit-Crown partnerships.
5.
"Work on building infrastructure and economic self-sufficiency, starting with the creation of an Arctic infrastructure fund, which is accessible to all four Inuit communities, starting with a contribution of $1 billion."
6.
Work to make the education system more equal for Inuit and non-Inuit.
7.
"Implementing rules that are binding on donations to the National Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women, along with 46 Inuit-specific legal initiatives."
8.
Work on food insecurity and food insecurity.
9.
Work to advance Inuit self-determination in science.
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has a tradition of non-regional responsibility, and does not support any parliamentary party."
"In the latest CBC national survey, from Sept. 20, Liberal MPs in Canada and the Conservative Party of Canada surveyed each other."
"This electoral survey, which compiles all the public consultation data, stands at the current Conservative Party’s 34.7 per cent support, the Liberal Democratic Party’s 13.5 per cent, and the Green Party’s 9.6 per cent, Pollock Corp.’s 4.4 per cent and the Pope’s Party of Canada’s 2.8 per cent."
The electoral survey and its results suggest that the Liberal party may have more time to take a majority of seats.
"The federal election will take place on Monday, Oct. 21."
Nunavut now has a new polar bear management plan: the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board (NWMB)
“We’re going to do what we can to ensure that this happens before the polar bear season”
"Nunavut’s new polar bear management plan establishes a balance between male and female polar bears in all Nunavut polar bears, said the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board."
(Photo by Jane George)
By Jane George
Cambridge Bay—the Government of Nunavut agrees with a new polar bear management plan.
This was announced by the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board members at the Kitikmeot Wildlife Board hearing in Cambridge Bay last week.
"The starting point for the new polar bear management plan is a balanced male and female polar bear hunt in Nunavut’s polar bear population, the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board chair Don Souza, told delegates."
"The hearing in Cambridge Bay is the first of three regional wildlife boards to hold a hearing between him and Jason Akeeagok, the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board’s executive director, on their mission."
Akeeagok said the polar bear management plan was “a lot of work.”
"“We’re going to do what we can to ensure that this happens before the polar bear season,” she said."
"The plan has been under consideration for nearly five years, which is being discussed to prepare a plan for next March at the Iqaluit Nunavut Wildlife Management Board meeting."
The plan will take effect until 2029.
This female mountain polar bear is mounting in Arctic Bay’s neighbouring four floors.
"Under the new polar bear management plan, a polar bear disturbance that would kill three communities would eliminate noise."
(Photo courtesy of Niore Iqalukjuak)
"In all northern regions of the world in their nineteen-seventies polar bears, there are 12 times more likely to be in Nunavut."
Polar bear quotas have been put in place by region (e.g. only male) of these polar bears—and the killing of polar bears in conservation areas are included in the annual polar bear quotas set by the community.
"Although the new plan won’t increase the total allowable harvest at this time, new total allowable harvest may consider new data collected."
"According to the previous plan, Nunavut communities were allowed to harvest one female female polar bear by means of an annual community polar bear tag."
"This was only allowed in the Baffin Bay polar bear population, where there is equal access to sex and male caribou. Under the new plan, it will not matter if the polar bear population in Nunavut is male or female but must be treated equally."
The next names would be given a half-legged tag.
The new equivalent male-female polar bear quotas for community polar bear protection can be passed where necessary.
"The deterioration of polar bears in communities has been a cause of concern in Nunavut following the deaths of two polar bears in the Kivalliq region last year—but, under the current management plan, a protective kill of a polar bear that, if it is female, could lead to the use of two tags."
That’s why some communities no longer have tags available for protection against polar bears.
"The new plan could encourage more communities to ban polar bears, Sussex told Nunatsiaq News."
"But he earlier admitted that polar bears in attendance were harmful to Inuit culture and way of life, because they destroyed cabins, birds and seals."
Attendees at the meeting in Cambridge Bay welcomed the changes to the polar bear management plan.
They were also pleased that Qimirmiut will now have five more tags for the grizzly bears.
There’s a large Aklak and a shot that’s too close to the cabin here in Mount Pelly.
"For someone else, this new polar bear management plan may look elsewhere."
"Polar bears’ futures are unclear as a result of climate change, according to a 2018 study by the committee on the condition of species at risk of disappearing in Canada (COSEWIC). This committee, the type of species that may disappear in Canada (COSEWIC), re-examined polar bears as “serious concerns.”"
It means that polar bears are at risk or risk of disappearing as a result of a combination of their livelihoods and identified risks.
Nunavut committee pushes back the deadline for Bill 25 to deliver testimony
The committee will receive rumours until 5 p.m. on Oct. 11
"John Main, the chair of the Standing Committee on Legislation, said the committee would extend the scope of public interest to Bill 25 and that the committee would review the bill."
By Emma Tranter
"Nunavut’s legislative committee on legislative assembly will continue to receive comments from the public on Bill 25, an Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, until Oct. 11."
They were supposed to have had their final say in the attack on Sept. 13.
"“I and my colleagues wish to express our appreciation to Nunavummiut for their views on this important piece of legislation,” committee chairman John Main said on Thursday, Sept. 26 in a news release."
Anyone was invited to submit documents to the committee after Bill 25 was tabled in the House of Commons this spring in June.
A second reading was passed and referred to a committee for review.
"The committee met in mid-September to review the legislation, and made public submissions to it."
The committee also announced that it would extend its review of Bill 25 to the fall sitting to allow television to be broadcast in two weeks by the end of November.
"“The education minister and guests will attend the standing committee’s inquiry, which will allow Nunavummiut to observe our actions,” Main said in a news release."
"Bill 25 would like to be phased in, for 20 years, with Inuktut teaching in schools from kindergarten to Grade 12."
"At the same time, the legislation would introduce the Inuit Language Protection Act as part of the Education Act, and extend the deadline for the implementation of bilingual education to Grade 4-12 within the framework of a strategy that expires on July 1, 2039."
"A detailed review and strategy for the committee’s inquiry will be made available in the near future, the release said."
"The legislative assembly will meet again in the fall on Thursday, Oct. 17."
"Discussions will take place until 5 p.m. on Friday, Oct. 11."
All of the topics’ submissions will be made public in a discussion at the synod in the fall sitting.
Any comments in the letter could go to the following:
"John Main, MLA"
"Chair, Committee on Legal Affairs"
Nunavut Parliament
Screenshot 1200
"Iqaluit, Nunavut"
Xinjiang
Tel: (867) 975-5000
fax: (867) 975-5191
Online: subscribers @ email.com
Inuktut Qajaq – Released and Progress and Appeal
Our contribution today to our children and future generations
The Inuktut Roman writing system—applies to all Inuit languages in Canada.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami says it won’t replace Qanujjuaq and the Inuit Nunangat region’s traditional Qanujaq and other materials will only be used.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami also says Inuit don’t have to change old writing systems.
By Ombudsman
"I was very impressed to hear that the group of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami unanimously approved the new Inuktut magazine, named after the Inuktut magazine that was released earlier this month."
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami means “the unity of Canada’s ordinary people” and a small number of good examples of what our people have long shared with them about their survival and our language.
That’s encouraging to me at this time.
"In June 2011, as Obama’s senior advisor to Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, we unveiled a plan to upgrade our education system."
"We created a nationwide campaign for an Inuktut education in Oakland, making a 10-point trial in Oakland that showed our intelligence to our children in order to be able to stay in school, skilled, and skilled in Inuktitut and language."
We’ve made our recommendations to Oliver, who has included the creation of a unified Inuit registry.
They’ve been here for many years and we’ve been trying to get to the point where we’re going to have a new territory.
Originally, Original language people from all the communities in the Inuit homeland shot out Inuktut in Original.
That means that we will have one system in which all people learn to use their own language effectively.
It’s a new system that’s going to evolve slowly.
"My tusk is not going to replace the Inuktut words and change the community’s traditional writing system, as it is a tool that will be used to engage my souvenirs in improvements to Inuktut communications."
Our contribution today is to our children and future generations.
I can now imagine that Canadians will soon be better off communicating with and sharing the lesson and teaching materials that are going to be of great concern to us and our children who graduate from high school so that they can use both languages and speak them.
"In the developing world, we are faced with an intellectual divide that has led to our attempts to cultivate our way of life, our family shape, and our language."
But we’re here today.
Over the past few years we have had to look at things that we want to understand today who we are and why we are here today.
I believe my toothbrush is like a kingdom wearing a kingdom that we now have to look back and stay in Oakland or will we be able to use it in the future instead.
The creation of an Inuktut-based Roman orthography in Canada is a testament to the fact that we all want to move forward as a single entity.
"From here and eight years ago when we started to develop a national contest for Inuit education, we were able to succeed in making the word “Inuktut” mean for every single person, regardless of where they come from."
It leads me to see this as an opportunity for those who live in an Inuktut-based society. Otherwise, we can see it as an opportunity for all those who live in a system that is false.
"Our language and identity is sparked, and our language is healthy."
I’m hopeful that we can use all of our Inuktut language and move forward in Oakland, where we’re trying to fill those geographical areas together as Inuit.
"Mary Simon was president of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami in 2011 at the launch of the National Objective on Inuit Education, which included a recommendation to create a single writing system for Inuit language."
Finnish commission apologises to Quebec premier
"“Many of the rules, policies, practices or institutional practices that use inequality and inequality have been rooted in”"
"Quebec premier François Lieu apologized to Indigenous First Nations and Inuit of Quebec on Oct. 2, after a news release that discriminated against them for continuing the work of the public service."
(Screenshot)
"In that way, Quebec government has not fulfilled its obligations to Indigenous peoples, Lego said."
"Lego apologized—for the first of its 142 recommendations in the report—at the National Indigenous Summit on Wednesday, Oct. 2, a day after Supreme Court Justice Jack Finch, the commission’s former executive director, delivered his report in good faith."
"Reasoning isn’t good enough, Liego said."
He said he would review all of the recommendations and look into why there are differences.
"“Many of the rules, policies, practices or institutional practices that use inequality and inequality have in the eyes of an inadequate level of service to Indigenous First Nations and Inuit,” Weinstein said in a Sept. 30 report."
"His inquiry focused on Indigenous issues dealt with by the RCMP, the justice system, corrections, health and social services, and youth protection services."
Lucy Gray was an Inuk spokesperson for the Vietnamese commission.
"Here, he gave a November 2018 inquiry."
(Photo by Sarah Rogers)
"The Kativik Regional Government issued a report saying the importance of the recommendations included these recommendations, in an effort to improve collaboration between Indigenous people and the Quebec government."
"In particular, the Kativik Regional Government urged the government to adopt the decision to allow video conferencing for offenders in remote communities, as the Kativik government has consulted with the Quebec government."
"“The Kativik Regional Government is committed to working closely with all levels of government and other regional organizations to implement the commission’s recommendations within their respective departments,” said the Kativik Regional Government Chair Jennifer Minnis in a news release."
Nunavik’s Department of Health and Social Services also responded to the report by saying the committee’s ongoing concerns have been raised by the commission on health and social services and youth protection services.
The need for funding and the management of health and social services was also brought to the board’s attention during the review.
"“We will now look forward to the Quebec government reporting on the recommendations, as well as working together in their format and use,” said executive director Minnie Gray in a Oct. 2 release."
The council also thanked the commission of the Quebec Armstrong Inspector General for being responsible for bringing the 142 recommendations into effect.
Makivik President Charlie Watt also spoke during the investigation into Nunavik’s activities and said in an Oct. 1 press release that Inuit were able to speak to the results of the investigation.
"“Several times, toilets, my fellow Inuit spoke to the commission about their experiences in the areas of health, justice, social services, youth protection, historical problems and other Quebec government services,” Watt said in a statement."
"While he said the report would respond, “based on the original recommendation—that Quebec apologizes to Inuit and Indigenous Indigenous peoples for inequality in the delivery of public services to our people—we conclude that we are being heard.”"
Three political parties commit to halting Nunavut’s fuel consumption by 2030
“This is a big commitment”
Students walk away from four foxes in Iqaluit on Sept. 27, including calls for global climate change.
Three legislative candidates for the federal government said they would ban Nunavut’s reliance on fossil fuels by 2030.
(Photo by Dustin Potter)
By Dustin Potter
"In this federal election, the three political parties said Nunavut’s use of Tesla’s fuel for electricity will be halted by 2030."
"Right now all 25 communities in Nunavut have electricity generated by tea-free power plants operated by the Qulliq Energy Corporation, the only power corporation in Canada that does not have revised power grids in their communities."
Changing that would be a big and costly project.
"“It’s a big commitment,” said Martha Lehner, a northern renewable energy specialist for the World Wildlife Fund."
"“It’s possible, just a little bit of a skill.”"
The Green Party’s election campaign promises to “implement renewable energy.
"By 2030, all of Canada’s electricity will go through a renewable energy system."
This includes outpost camps in Arctic communities where tea is banned from fossil fuels.”
"The Liberal Party said it would “move forward financially to ensure that Inuit communities in Tesla are not decommissioned from fossil fuels but have the power to use clean, renewable energy—such as water, wind and solar power—by 2030.”"
As the New Democratic Party (NDP) said “to target Canada’s ability to generate non-carbon energy by 2030… this reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by emissions from communities and job creation would be a good thing.
"We would assist in applying for funding through community-owned and operated clean energy projects to secure jobs for residents and authorities, as well as working with Indigenous and northern communities to eradicate the use of Tesla’s oil.”"
"According to the Department of Environment and Climate Change Canada report released earlier this year, air pollution in Nunavut is less than 1 per cent of the population."
"In 2017, Nunavut produced 0.6 megawatts of greenhouse gases (carbon dioxide), amounting to about 18,000 carbon dioxide emissions."
"That year, Alberta, which has been the country’s most polluted carbon emissions, produced about 84 million cars per capita."
"Despite that, Nunavut has seen carbon emissions from vehicles more than 30 per cent since 2005, the biggest achievement in Canada and Alberta almost double, which is the second increase in the same period."
"Even if the energy changes that the three legislators are trying to make to reduce their deterioration, the impact on Canada’s carbon emissions will still be small."
The community has had something to do with it.
"Nunavummiut pay for the largest share of electricity in all other parts of Canada, and funding for energy would reduce that gap."
"However, the outcome of the renewable energy projects may be a balance sheet of payments made to existing investors in the energy sector."
"Last month, the World Wildlife Fund released a report that talks about how renewable energy would be able to generate electricity in each of the 25 communities in Nunavut."
"They found a cut of 8 per cent—largely due to the potential danger of a business or other potential bankruptcy—Baker Lake, Coral Harbour, Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet would be saved by moving to a 20 per cent renewable energy system, including a direct payment period of about 15 years."
The study also confirmed that 16 other communities with a 4 per cent discount—roughly what the Qulliq Energy Corporation would be able to rent—and roughly $2 million in compensation and 20 per cent in transfers.
"But the report only talks about the feasibility of these projects, suggesting relocating a renewable energy source would cost less than the current energy cost."
But relocating communities to a skilled workforce in renewable energy would be a big step.
"“There would be a lot of conversations, and they would have to start next year in order to reach the energy they want to reach in every community,” said Lionel."
"“They would have to go to the communities, work with them on what they want to do, and how communities envisioned in the energy sector, to see what their priorities are and communities in the most critical areas of departure and harvesting.”"
"That doesn’t include the creation of a combination of solar energy or wind, which could take up to two years to fully integrate, or projects with the Qulliq Energy Corporation to ensure that renewable energy is reliable for its equipment."
"Transferring every community to a 100 per cent renewable energy source, the three of which are trying to become MP, would not only take a long time but would also cost a lot of money."
"The New Democratic Party (NDP) and the Liberal Party have not yet announced how much money they would give to the move, the Green Party (Green Party) said last week."
"As part of his campaign’s spending report, the Green Party said it would contribute $150 million over five years to relocate all outpost camps and northern communities—not just in Nunavut—to eliminate diesel."
It’s not good enough however.
"Lehner explained that if a community like Arctic Bay were to relocate at least 60 per cent of its energy system, they would have to spend about $27.8 million."
"According to the same report, for other communities to take 60 per cent of renewable energy, they would have to use it at a higher rate."
"In Iqaluit, it’s estimated to cost about $148 million."
"That’s despite the fact that it’s obviously smaller than the $250-500-million energy bill that was originally proposed in the city, that would apply to one community that the Green Party wants to subsidize."
"Lennon is not expecting the federal government to pay for all of those projects, but he also said they would work and how they would be done and complicated."
"Looking at the 2030 deadline, there will be no time limit."
"“As for solar energy, I think it could take two to five years."
"In terms of wind power, it’s likely that it will take five to seven years,” said Lionel when asked how much energy they would take."
"When you look at those deadlines and divide them into 25 communities and if they’re going to be done simultaneously in remote communities and the land is not always available, Lennier thinks about how to complete them."
"“I think for those who want to get there, it’s going to make a big difference."
"Even if we don’t get 100 per cent, there’s a good demand.”"
"Keep in mind: This book covers the federal election campaigns of the Green Party, the Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party (NDP)."
"As the magazine prepared, the Conservative Party has not yet announced its nomination, so they’re excluded from this report."
Subject: Operation of Early Learning and Childcare Issues
We must recognize the value of early childhood and child care workers in Nunavut is extremely valuable to employees
"Laakuluk Williamson Patrick, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee, is looking for more support from the GN for quality early learning and child care based on Inuit language and culture."
By Nunatsiaq News
Correspondence to Nunavut Premier Joe Savikataaq and Education from David Joanasie and Minister Joanasie
I am one of those Inuit who are black people who are very passionate about our language and culture.
"As the chair of the committee’s Democratic Society, Inuktut-language learning centre is the only school for children in early childhood education in Iqaluit and the only one in Iqaluit in Nunavut that delivers child care to children who are already speaking Inuktitut."
"The Footprints website closed on Aug. 21 to Sept. 12, 2019 due to a shortage of staff and, furthermore, it has operated in a state of staff shortages for nearly a year."
"Only a handful of people apply for jobs in the Footprints website due to low pay (Iqaluit’s most expensive day care), workers who do not have social assistance, are not provided with housing because they’re seen as a drop in women’s work in a day care centre as they see it."
"The day care centre is now open again, but it’s an emergency operation that’s making it difficult: we lost a good staff member and he retired."
"We now have a part-time office worker, a full-time daycare manager, two day care workers and each child with a quiet job at the day care centre (all of which are criminally inspected and safe), who works full-time, while we’re searching for a staff member, who has a skilled job."
"This operation is not common, but for those of us with children, we believe that our children should be safe and speak Inuktitut so that the question can be opened."
It’s still a danger to remain closed.
"The operations of Nunavut’s day care workers are expected to provide one of the most important child-related services for a good education, based on Inuit culture and language, though it is priced at a low cost and not supported."
The non-profit organisation relies on numerous shortfalls in annual funding and the number of children who volunteer to manage the daycare centre.
"Daycare workers suffer from poverty due to lack of pay and benefits, poorly trained work and housing for staff."
Daycare staff are now being asked to work below the needs of their self-sufficiency or family maintenance.
The crisis that our daycares are experiencing is due to the need for unique staff to have the necessary skills to promote and preserve the Inuit language and culture of our young children; a wake-up call that hires only Inuktut-speaking people.
We’re 100 per cent Inuit employees.
But as we struggle with our staff turnover, we suffer from a shortage of staff due to a lack of competition and compensation for our employees.
"Consequently, it has an impact on early childhood and early childhood education."
Inuit deserve our full support and are valued so that our language and culture can be taught to our children.
The Government of Nunavut must consider how to better support quality early learning and childcare based on Inuit language and culture.
"Effective early childhood education and child care workers are paid to compete with the public and receive benefits, including housing throughout their careers, vacation, training in the workplace and in the school."
The behind-the-scenes vision of childcare is to expand into the public domain and the resources to accommodate more Inuit children.
"We’ve now been looking for a larger, daycare centre to succeed our vision. That’s why we’ve raised nearly $80,000 for the new site."
It proposes the following amendments to the Government of Nunavut:
"• a combination of early childhood and childcare staff as part of the Government of Nunavut’s staff to ensure that they have a competitive wage in the GN’s salaries, consistent with the GN’s eight-step inflation rate, applied to employees throughout the territory’s school system;"
• the inclusion of the operations and maintenance of daycares in Nunavut within the framework of the education system;
"• access to benefits for early childhood and day care workers but not limited to short-term spending that includes long-term medical leave, vacation, two-speech pay, maternity leave and housing"
• the creation of a body to support all daycares in Nunavut;
• Work with daycares to respond to the urgent challenges together so that we can work together to create a long-term plan to change the operation of the day care system.
We must recognize the value of early childhood education and childcare workers in Nunavut are extremely valuable to employees.
Our day care centres ensure that staff are filled with full-time jobs and that all staff are compensated.
Since we have to keep our daycares open.
"Changing the operation of the day care system, so that Nunavut’s early childhood and day care workers will be able to skip their careers so that they can take a significant step forward in the early learning and childcare system that changes the best way for the lives of children to begin, including learning Inuktut, growing up in solidarity with Inuit culture, and participation by Canadians."
"In truth he writes,"
Laakkuluk Williamson Padri
"Sitting down, Trudeau Sharapik (Iqaluit Inuktut Childcare Association)"
Do you recognize these people in the photo?
“I realize this photo is a bit of a miscarriage”
"According to a transcript behind the photo, which was filmed in Kugluktuk, Nunavut—when the English name was Coppermine—on May 18, 1930."
That article found his grandfather’s belongings at the time of his death so he wanted to know if there was a way to identify those Inuit women.
I found this photo of my grandfather’s belongings at the time of his death.
"He was named after Dr. James Jamieson, and I knew that he was a nurse at the Canadian Royal Air Force during the Second World War, where he spent time with the work of Newfoundland and Goose Bay, Labrador."
"I’m not sure when he had received that photo or written J.H. (behind the photo), but I knew the Arctic people knew him."
"I know that this photo has been taken a long time ago, but that there would be recognition… and even if they were one of those people who would like to get the photo."
"Be mindful of you,"
Sarah Howard
"North Bay, a former Ontario resident now lives in Prince Edward Island"
The statement writes that behind the Inuit women’s photo.
Inuit language rights launched at the Montreal conference for Inuktut-speaking participants
“It’s called Inuit culture education so it was like—we use the Inuit language”
"NTI president Aluki Kotierk, right, speaks in a speech titled “Inuktut is a right to survival” on Thursday Oct. 3, at the Inuit cultural school conference in Montreal."
"With him is Louis Tapardjuk, a member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Authority."
Despite the absence of interpreters, the couple continued to speak in Inuktut.
(Photo by Lisa Gregor)
By Lisa Gregor not repeated by Nunatsiaq News
"In Montreal’s hotel room was quiet on Thursday, Oct. 3, Inuit who attended the 21st Inuit Cultural School conference as they walked in to hear two Inuit leaders speak out about why Inuktut-speaking is a fundamental right to Nunavut’s birth and that right seems to have been rejected."
"NTI President Aluki Kotierk and Louis Tapardjuk, a former GN minister and member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, attended on time and sat in front of the chair of the Inuit Language Authority."
"Photographers are organising a demonstration on NTI’s Facebook page, featuring video-connecting multiple internet access to English-language speakers, and attendees in nearly all Innuinaqtut were listening."
"Kotierk welcomed the attendees and began speaking Inuktitut, where Inuktitut-speaking people sometimes approve of their heads and applaud them."
"All those who can’t speak Inuktitut, including this writer, sat idly by and kept an eye on it."
Some people just walked out.
Some are just listening to their phones while they’re waiting for English.
There were no English people.
Welcome to an amazing landscape for many people in Nunavut.
"“It’s called Inuit culture education so it was interesting, especially when we were talking about Inuit language, that we wanted to use the Inuit language,” Kotierk said at the beginning."
“We spoke about it and we know there won’t be an interpreter but we decided it’s important to use our language when we talk about the need to support and promote our language development.”
"The World Summit, which brings together Arctic experts from the Arctic and the south, in recent years, started by involving more Inuktut speakers and activists, making the conference more focused on Inuit needs and creating a better working relationship between Inuit and non-Inuit who are educated."
"This Inuktitut hearing, about language as a human right, seemed to mean that it was in the process of developing it."
Kotierk’s testimony spells out the many pieces of legislation that require the creation and preservation of Inuktut in Nunavut where there are a greater number of Inuit and a greater number of speakers in Inuktut.
"These laws require the United Nations (United Nations) to uphold the rights of Indigenous people (and First Nations) to call for action and legal action by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the National Inquiry on Murdered and Missing Indigenous Women and Girls, and Nunavut’s language legislation."
"Kotierk described hundreds of other recent Inuit deaths, in part, to language and cultural docks, such as Annie Kotierk, who died of the bluetongue epidemic in 2017, and 15-year-old Eileen Kooneeloosie, who died of tuberculosis in the same year."
“Inuit want to have the right to life and have the right to life.
"Canadian Inuit should not die from access to and services that are comparable to other Canadians,” Kotierk wrote in her statement."
"In his opening statement, Tapardjuk referred to a recent incident in Iqaluit where officers went to an elder to say their adopted son was vaccinated against the death of a youth centre."
The woman is single and cannot speak English.
Tapardjuk said the police had to stop the car for help when they were going to make a bad announcement.
"“There are a number of ways in which this report could have been done to counter this. Does an Inuk have an assistant to assist us in the endeavour to change his life, or did not have an interpreter,” Kotierk told Nunatsiaq News."
“Many of us Inuit who speak English and Inuktitut are invited to do the work.
"We are considered to be interpreters at any time, even if we don’t know the Inuit."
Sometimes it’s for confidential information.
"So, in that sense, I can say that violation of human rights.”"
"Kotierk said that at least Inuktut speakers in Nunavut should have access to services in their mother tongue in the areas of health, justice and education."
They’re not even available.
That and other leaders continue to call on the federal government to protect their language and Inuit in their homes.
Ottawa passed the new Indigenous Languages Act in June which has been criticized by NTI and Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami for saying its decisions have not been respected.
"Kotierk said he wants people to know, “We are the ones who have the authority."
Let’s talk in Inuktut when we go to the store.
Let’s talk in Inuktut when we go to a bank.
Let’s speak Inuktut when we go to school.
"If we speak Inuktut more often and ignore those who do not understand it, then they can be given a larger share of the requirement.”"
QIA announces payouts to tourism operators for Inuit self-determination
Tickets automatically applied
"Tourism operators who visit island communities in Nunavut will now have to pay for tourism bills if they want to have access to Inuit Nunangat, the QIA announced at the annual conference in Iqaluit on Oct. 8 to 10."
"Investment in tourism operators must pay for if they want to go to Inuit communities in the Qikiqtani region, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit on Wednesday, Oct. 9."
The Qikiqtani region attracts the largest number of passengers across the territory.
"Pond Inlet received 17 passengers this summer, with Iqaluit attracted four."
"“The people in the Qikiqtani region have expressed concern that this is due to the increasing number of tourism activities in the region, especially in the area of humanitarian ships."
"The QIA has decided to set up a tourism management fund to help Inuit in communities affected by ships,” P.J. Akeeagok, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s president, said in a news release."
After a press release the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s land and natural resources department issued a statement announcing the proposed new payments.
New costs related to the following:
• Airplane landing in Inuit Nunangat: $150 per landing
• Helicopters landing in Inuit Nunangat: $100 per landing
• Commercial Tammaativvik Inuit Nunangat: $50 a day
• Commercial access to visitors in less than six hours of Inuit Nunangat: $25.00 a day
"The merged payments would go to the Hunters and Trappers Organization closest to the tourism business that is available, the release said."
Half of that would go to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
"Ships carrying Inuit to Nunavut have a population of between 150 and 400, Roseanne Teixeira, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s director of land use and recycling, said at the QIA’s meeting."
The $25 per day fee will apply to all passengers who fly passengers if they’re going to Inuit self-determination—or IOL (Inuit self-determination).
"“Regardless of how many people on board the vessel will stay in Inuit Nunangat, they will be charged based on the number of Inuit on the vessel,” Dirijian told the board."
Digvir said cruise ships that fly Inuit to the Qikiqtani region will have to submit to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association the number of Inuit passengers per month or before they start boating.
"“So if a ship carrying 350 people, we’ll charge $25 per day per person."
"So the larger Inuit-run cruise ships would have to pay between $10,000 and $20,000 to land in Inuit Nunangat,” Dershowitz said."
"In communities where many Inuit cruise ships are attended in the summer, like Pond Inlet, their Hunters and Trappers Organization will receive between $50,000 and $70,000 in compensation payments, he added."
The new payments will also benefit the QIA’s land use registration system.
"In that way, tourism operators will be notified when applying for new rates to access Inuit in their own communities."
Digereau said the QIA has set up a fee based on other organizations that pay for tourism.
"For example, Parks Canada pays $25 per person if they’re going to Canada’s national park."
"The hamlet also charges passengers for cruise ships and tourism operators to travel to their communities, Derek said."
"“Ships that Inuit who have been able to travel to their own communities are penalized for that unless Inuit really come to our own communities,” she said."
"Joe Atagutaluk, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association secretary/accountant, asked if it’s possible that those payments could be increased in the future."
"Derbyshire said it would be a potential change, but it would have to be discussed and resolved by the QIA’s board of directors."
“This is an exciting strategy.
"We are once again leading the way that Inuit can benefit their communities,” Akeeagok told the council."
"The payments will come into effect immediately, the QIA said."
Baffinland’s massive railway passenger has raised concerns in Pond Inlet
“Is Baffinland assuming that we don’t know if the NIRB or the government will pre-approve the project?”
"A cruise ship from Belgium’s Brazil sits on the Bremer in Hawaiian, Germany this summer."
"At the warehouse you can see two potential construction units, 33 and 34 metres high, that Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. received from Tyson Fury and shipped to the Mary River mine this summer."
Two smaller houses are transported in the front yard.
"These will be used to fund the railway expansion, which has not yet been approved by law."
(Photo courtesy of Tyson Fury)
Local leaders in Pond Inlet have complained about a massive ship carrying railway parts that Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. sent to the Mary River iron mine this summer.
"Concerns about this, Baffinland proposed a railway expansion in its phase-two plan, to which authorities haven’t yet approved it, as Baffinland imported two of the 10-year-old’s ready-to-build units in Puerto Rico, Germany, to the company’s dock at the Mary River Port in north Baffin this summer."
"They also ordered two of their smaller units that might be built and big railways that would be used to build them, such as their railways and land plug-in iron ore."
"Baffinland, in November 2018, promised rights groups and partners at the Qikiqtani Inuit Association that it would bring in, through a list of public signatures to the NIRB and the Nunavut Water Board."
But the people of Pond Inlet have finally found it.
When the ship Philpott Burns arrived at Baffinland’s harbour in Mary River this past August they were carrying out regular repairs to houses that will be used in the railway expansion.
When people in Pond Inlet saw a vessel near their home community they first heard of a cargo ship. Two more ships carrying railway parts shortly after arrival in the summer of 2020 and more ships are expected to arrive in the summer of 2020.
“We only found out about three or four weeks ago.
"We see cargo loading near Pond Inlet,” Joshua Arreak, the executive director of Pond Inlet’s Hunters and Trappers Association told Nunatsiaq News."
“We used to wonder why and who they were and how they were doing that.
"We haven’t received any information from the NIRB, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the public."
"We didn’t expect that,” Arreak said."
“We haven’t received any information from the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the NIRB.
I don’t know.
We have a problem with Inuit organizations.
"They’re not keeping us informed,” Okalik said."
NIRB knew about shipping this winter
"Any Nunavut authority and any federal minister have rejected Baffinland’s expansion plans, which would lead to a 110-kilometre railway between Mary River and Mary River, producing another 12 million tonnes a year, and transporting up to 200 times a year of shipping iron ore."
The program can’t be fully approved by the federal government until the final public announcement that the NIRB has made on Nov. 2 in Iqaluit and finishes Nov. 8 and 9 in Pond Inlet.
"The NIRB, which did not seek comment on the matter with stakeholders, said it will ship a railway package in a letter sent to Baffinland this past July 25."
"The NIRB told the company that if phase two is rejected, Baffinland would have to look after the shipping of goods, likely costing multiple million dollars, from the mine."
They also said shipping would have no impact on the NIRB’s decision.
"In an email dated Oct. 17, the NIRB’s executive director, Ryan Barry, confirmed by law that the NIRB can’t approve or approve the vessel’s activities."
"“The NIRB was ready to admit that these actions would be accompanied by an investigation and that all materials for construction would have to be moved if the proposal was rejected after the committee’s inquiry,” Barry wrote."
This past summer a vessel loaded with ready-to-build units for Mary River expansion to Baffinland’s railway.
"One of the units, referred to as “demolition building,” is 33-metre high, with 23.5-metre weight and weight of 1,470 tonnes."
"Another, referred to as “a polluted building,” is 34 metres high."
"So each building, which is part of a pre-built demolition and pollution centre, is roughly equivalent to a 10-storey building—possibly higher than any other building in the eastern Arctic."
But Baffinland has not yet authorised them to use them.
"“Baffinland will verify these products to ‘phase two’ unless—not use this phase-two proposal until it is fully completed,” the company wrote in a July 19 report to the NIRB."
Materials housed in Inuit Nunangat
"In a joint submission to the authority, the QIA and Baffinland listed the assets to be housed in Inuit Nunangat, based on the QIA’s commercial leases agreement with the company."
"As for Arreak and others, a process such as this one seems likely that Baffinland has already approved the project."
“The people of Pond Inlet are not happy.
Baffinland “s assumption is that when we don’t know the NIRB or the government will get ahead of approval of the project?
"I don’t know,” she said."
"Rank Tester, a technical advisor with the Pond Inlet hamlet, was approved by the mayor of Pond Inlet, Joshua Sadak, to speak to Nunatsiaq News on behalf of the hamlet."
"“Baffinland has been working with a view to getting approval for phase two,” Tester said in an email."
"“If the NIRB did or did not have the authority to do that, the last thing that could affect the decision would be to put more pressure on the NIRB to act as a guardian and then have to approve the proposal."
"That’s an issue,” Tester said on behalf of the hamlet."
"“Besides the actions, the hamlet is deciding that they should not have done so."
"That’s what’s happened in the financial perspective and in the assumption that Baffinland will get approval for phase two,” he wrote."
"“Our main concern is animals, marine animals and their attendance."
We would be the ones most affected by it in our community.
That’s our concern.
"The money is not going to bring back the animals,” Joshua Arreak said on behalf of the Hunters and Trappers Organization, saying in a repeated statement in Pond Inlet over the years because of water transportation to Baffinland’s plans."
"As for non-governmental organizations such as the Marine Corps of the Arctic, who have sought input into the hearing on Baffinland’s expansion plans, they said they support “responsible development” of the Mary River mine."
"But they also said Baffinland’s export of large quantities of iron ore has not been able to take into account environmental impacts, and criticized Baffinland’s decision to export large quantities of iron ore from Arctic Bay in the south, which had been allowed to happen in 2012."
"“It’s no surprise that residents are frustrated by the large number of imported railway parts for Mary River prior to the legislative approval of this expansion,” said Chris Tibicki, vice-president of policy and legislative affairs at the Marine Corps in the Arctic."
Prepared equipment acquired by Tyson
These goods that are being shipped to Mary River are part of an already built-in railway infrastructure that Baffinland has acquired at Tyson’s multi-faceted facility in Germany.
"The two big houses, which were first to arrive, were designed in Birmingham, where the third manufacturer, which will be loading railways, had been built in Stirling, Berlin, the Taiwanese newspaper said."
"Baffinland also ordered a loading vessel, a black transport system and multiple materials to be used for railway transport."
"Equipment details of Baffinland’s submissions to the NIRB and the Nunavut Water Board included railway connections and road links, as well as plastic bags and sanitation."
"Tyson’s first trip to Baffinland, a ship called the Biggins, weighed more than 5,500 tonnes of cargo, and left Birmingham in early August."
"Two other shipping vessels have also shipped more materials this summer, and more will arrive in the summer of 2020, Thackeray said."
"In a joint agreement with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Baffinland agreed to put an additional $18 million in remediation costs into the Mary River mine if the project stopped, the water board’s letter said."
Nunavut’s legislative assembly calls for new Languages Commissioner
Colleen Arreak’s appointment comes into effect on Oct. 21
"Nunavut’s legislative assembly appointed the acting Languages Commissioner, Colleen Arreak, after Helen Klengenberg resigned last September from her office."
Colleen Arreak’s resident of Iqaluit has been appointed as Nunavut’s acting Languages Commissioner.
"Simeon Mikkungwak, the Speaker of the House of Commons, announced the appointment, which will come into effect on Monday, Oct. 21."
Colleen Arreak is the Iqaluit community’s acting Nunavut Languages Commissioner.
(Photo courtesy of Colleen Arreak)
"“Ms. Arreak’s work, which includes all the work of the Languages Commissioner’s Office and the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, enables me to carry out these important tasks,” Mikkungwak said in a news release."
"Under the Official Languages Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Languages Commissioner is responsible for protecting language rights in Inuktut, French and English."
"The Languages Commissioner also performs systemic investigations and investigations, advice and language rights protection."
"Under the Official Languages Act, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is appointed four years after the Nunavut Commissioner’s decision."
"The Management and Services Board of Parliament can also make a decision on the appointment of the acting Languages Commissioner when the position is vacant and the board is not in session, a message from Arreak’s appointment said."
"The former Languages Commissioner, Helen Klengenberg, resigned from office in September."
"Eva Aariak, Colleen’s mother and Nunavut’s former premier, was the first Languages Commissioner to serve in Nunavut before she was elected in the 2008 Nunavut legislature."
"They issued a public invitation to the Nunavut Languages Commissioner, the parliamentary assembly said, and offered more information on its website."
Montreal women’s centre announces plans for emergency evenings
Inuit women make 15 per cent of attendance at the women’s centre
"Mariana Buller-Wimbledon, the executive director of the Women’s Centre at the Chez Doris, Women’s Centre and Cathy Wong, a city councillor representing Peter-McGill Nunangi and spokeswoman for the Montreal city council, gave a statement on the plan for a 22-bed women’s shelter in Montreal’s downtown on Oct. 16 at a press conference for women’s shelters."
(Photo courtesy of Montreal’s city)
"The Montreal town of Phil-Murray has the chance to begin the expansion of a project started by women’s centre, a day-to-day centre for women who are homeless, that has been designed to change the landscape that they acquired last year."
"The landlord’s decision, announced Wednesday, Oct. 16, will allow for the construction of a new home in a remote area, which will lead to an emergency evening for women."
"The Women’s Centre, a women’s day centre at 1430 centimetres on the streets of Montreal, is open every day of the week for women who need help."
Many of them are Inuit.
"The Women’s Centre is currently located on Sammie Street, not far away from Ottawa and Copper Ice, a gathering centre for Inuit in downtown."
"The women’s centre is well-known to many Inuit women, who make up 15 per cent of the centre’s population."
"Set to open in the 2021 fiscal year, the building’s emergency evening destination was purchased with a compensation package of $1 million from Montreal’s entrepreneur Andrew Harper through the Joyce Community Foundation in Montreal."
"“Thankfully we now have a new home, we’ll be able to accommodate 22 beds for women who are homeless,” said Maurina Buller-Wimbledon, executive director of Siege Chris, said in a news release after the incident at the women’s shelter."
"“Right now, women make up 25 per cent of the homeless population in Montreal, but the resources available to women are often inadequate."
This project is a positive step.”
"The good news is that the centre’s expansion came to light less than a week after the person who stayed at the centre, Clara Uksuarjuak, a former Nunatsiavut resident, died on Oct. 11 at the hospital."
Buller-Wimbledon told Nunatsiaq News that after Oxford’s daughter was incarcerated she was constantly ill.
"Most of the people who go to the centre come to the city due to housing and legal problems, Buller-Wimbledon said."
"Many of them head to the women’s shelter during the day as there are six beds, where they spend a few hours sleeping and evening outdoors."
That’s changed in the hope of getting a new night’s sleep.
"Right now, the women’s centre, where about 100 women are attended every day, provides services and programs for women to meet their needs for homelessness, food insecurity, mental illness and substance abuse."
Buller-Wimbledon said the Inuit women’s numbers in the area have not changed much since 2018.
"“Until then, we’ve been full of women who need more support than they need in clothes and shirts,” she said."
"As the only women’s day centre in Montreal, Schwarz’s women’s centre opens seven days a week from 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 a.m."
"To fund its operations, the women’s centre was on strike over the weekend after failing to provide services for six months in 2014 due to a lack of funding."
"“We’re hoping to get financial support from Makivik, but we don’t know if we’ll get it this time,” said Buller-Wimbledon."
"The Women’s Centre also runs the Inuit funding program—but the Women’s Centre does fundraising to enable it to do so, as it accounts for more than 70 per cent of its operations from $1.7 million a year."
"Cathy Wong, a city councillor representing Peter-McGill’s community and spokesperson for the Montreal City Council, said in announcing the new evening destination and providing more women with “services that are offered to people who want them to be healthy and safe.”"
Nunavut Liberals do not use
"On fundamental questions, the Liberal did not have a good offer."
Mamala Qaqqaq’s defeat on Oct. 21 has resulted in a refusal to accept Liberal policy for Nunavut and the North.
Do you recall the Liberal release?
Media captionThe latter.
There are more than we can remember.
"That doesn’t matter, because a majority of Nunavut voters released on Oct. 21, they didn’t deliver anything."
"Beginning in 2015, Justin Trudeau and other Liberal governments for Nunavut have made numerous announcements."
Even some of the announcements offered new details.
"But in the end, the Inuit of Nunavut simply said “here.”"
"But in the end, they were the loser to the party system, which, since 1961, has been the loser for Canada to make those changes: the New Democratic Party."
"This isn’t too old to apologise for the mountain’s defeat that reflects his rejection of Trudeau’s efforts in the north and northwestern Canada, which includes a rejection of the repeated Inuit-Crown partnership."
"Since 2015, Trudeau has worked with management organizations such as Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc., the Qikiqtani Inuit Association and others."
But this week’s election has revealed to Nunavummiut that the Inuit-Crown relationship is not working effectively.
"And that’s not surprising, because in the end Nunavut’s main questions were not liberal enough to answer."
"It is well known to the vast majority of people in Nunavut that the biggest issues are economic and social issues: the ongoing housing crisis, food shortages, store-bought food and airfares, and the persistent tuberculosis and suicides that are common every day."
"But during his last visit to Nunavut on Oct. 8, Trudeau had little news for those concerned."
He spoke to the South Baffin about climate change and climate change.
"These are matters for all Canadians, but in the run-up to this election, Nunavummiut want to hear their concerns about housing and the high cost of living."
"Instead, what he said was the Sylvia Grinnell River landscape, not for Nunavut voters, but for southern Canadians."
"In doing so, he did not respond to the pressing needs of Nunavummiut and the Nunavut Liberal candidate Megan Pizzo-Lyall, though he did not even help that much more than the support of the president of the Liberal party."
"As for food prices and poor eating habits, the Liberals took the initiative, setting up a higher subsidy for the Nutrition North Canada Program, and providing an additional, $12.5 million a year for Indigenous harvesters in Nunavut and other parts of the northwestern Arctic."
But the Harvester Support Program has to come forward and no one can say why it is.
"Last Aug. 1, Trudeau played a crucial role in Iqaluit and Arctic Bay, when he signed an agreement to launch the Tallurutiup Imanga National Marine Conservation Area and promised to launch a new protected area called Tuvaijuittuq."
"That’s because he’s donating hundreds of thousands of dollars to communities in north Baffin, for small harbours and for conservation jobs."
He also talked a lot about conservation as an example of trying to reconnect with Indigenous people.
"The problem with that approach is this: when you’re constantly shooting for tuberculosis in a overcrowded house, this “merger” doesn’t make sense."
"Still, do you remember the Liberal government’s big announcement about tuberculosis?"
"That’s what they did in early 2018, when Jane Philpott, then the Canadian health minister, said she would eradicate the tuberculosis epidemic in Inuit Nunangat by 2030."
But Philpott. The federal minister promised responsibility for it no longer exists.
"For Trudeau’s role in Jody Wilson’s Raybould and his controversial handling of SNC-Lavalin, Philpott stepped down as the chamber."
"Since then, the Liberal government has rarely heard of tuberculosis in its efforts to eradicate tuberculosis."
"Unlike the previous Harvesters Support Program, it’s just getting stuck in the Inuit-Crown Partnership, so it’s likely that the discussions that he’s made about the ban have put the Tuberculosis epidemic at risk."
"And everyone knows that tuberculosis is at risk of poverty, poor eating and poor housing."
"But in housing, Trudeau also offered an already warm and remarkable speech this summer."
"And the government of Canada’s Inuit housing program, “structured” by Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, has not taken any unexpected action."
We would also like to congratulate Mamala Qaqqaq on her win.
"As a member of the fourth regional legislative assembly, he will need help to be heard."
Let the people of Nunavut just give it a chance and support.
"The Qaqqaq won two successive titles, Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Pizzo-Lyall."
I hope that they don’t lose sight of the fact that they continue to serve the people of Nunavut and the North.
MP questioned ministers about the $80-million expansion of the Webber Armstrong road project
“Seeing my colleagues we can make a good decision on a $80-million option”
"Jolie Qiniq, the MLA for Amittuq, was one of the MLAs of the Nunavut legislature who questioned the government about the $80-million expansion into Iqaluit-Nuuk’s Beyond Meat Program."
Some Nunavut lawmakers have questioned the unspecified funding for the expansion of the Nuuk-and-Iqaluit Webber Centre.
"Last August, the federal government committed $151 million to the project, aimed at 1,700 square kilometres of Webber Abbey Nuuk, Greenland, to fly from Baffin Island to Iqaluit."
From there, that would eventually bring it to Kimmirut.
"The Government of Nunavut will finalize the design and launch of the project, which will be completed in 2023."
"Last year, MLAs approved the project, which was supposed to cost $126 million."
"“Later this year, we were informed that the project’s cost had increased due to inflation and is now estimated to be at $209 million,” John Main, the MLA for Arviat North-Whale Cove, said in a membership statement Wednesday, Oct. 23."
"That’s a $80 million difference, Main said."
"“Look at my colleagues we can make a good decision on the value of $80 million,” Main said."
Federal funds come from outpost camps and northern communities for the Investing Canada Plan (Canada Funding Plan).
The project is now on the parliamentary committee to review the spending plans for 2020-21.
"Later in the day of question period, Jolie Qiniq, the MLA for Amittuq asked Quassa Kusugak, the Minister of Community and Government Services, about the $80-million expansion that the government is planning to do if it works."
"That process, as defined in the GN’s capital planning contribution, “aims to ensure that the program has clear interpretations, and access to information about its development, timelines and timelines, prior to the start of cost planning.”"
"“Has the pre-planning work been done, whether or not?”"
The invitation asks Kushner.
“The planning has been completed and the cost is still being looked at.
"When we were informed, we found it was going to cost a lot more,” Kusugak said."
"Main, a neighbouring seat in the legislature, is standing up to ask another question from Kusugak."
“Can the minister tell us how this massive project costs inflation over the course of the year?”
"Ms. Kusugak adds that after the proposed budget was approved last year, the department reviewed the project and increased its cost after reviewing it."
"Kushner added that, in May 2019, his department estimated that its funding request would need to increase to $201.6 million “to maximize federal funding to make available if the program is needed.”"
"The next day, on Oct. 24, Main stood up again in an interview with Finance Minister George Hickes on the same issue."
"“According to the Financial Management Board, what specific actions and actions were taken when they were notified of the department’s $80-million cost increase in the cost of the project?”"
Main asked.
"Hickes said due to the federal funding expansion of the project, and including a successful marine research facility, the GN also increased its funding."
“The Department of Community and Government Services gave it back to the Financial Management Board for this reason when they found the funding shortfall.”
"Hicks also said the GN’s half-term (25 per cent) contribution to the project, while the federal government has a 75 per cent contribution."
"“As a Nunavut government, we don’t have a $80 million bill, we’ll have to pay that 25 per cent."
"So we’re going to try to find… in the next few years… something that would benefit from the completion of this project,” he added."
"Nunavik must have its own federal regulator, says Makivik President"
Charlie Watt’s election calls for federal government to change
"Charlie Watt, the president of Makivik Corp., issued a news release on Oct. 22 following a federal election, saying Nunavik should have its own federal regulator."
By Elaine Anselmi
"Makivik Corp. President Charlie Watt’s comments did not reflect Nunavik’s political location in the celebration when he announced the creation of the new MLA, Silvie Barroso."
"“We’re going to look to the Electoral Boundaries Commission to better understand that, in fact, Nunavik now has its own political party that focuses on our territory, it’s preferable to do so in the light of our own self-determination project,” she said."
“We need this as a provincial government.”
"Abbey-James Bay-Nunavik is Nunavik’s largest federal government political party in Quebec, starting from Nunavik to the south of Paula Valley-De-Ore to the Nunavik community, where there are four of the six 2019 federal candidates living in the region, including Barbari to the Quebec region."
Nunavik’s leaders have sought to form their own government for their homeland since 1972.
"In 2002, the Kativik Regional Government, along with Makivik, went to the federal electoral district commission for that reason and attended it again in 2011."
"Since the division was expanded in 2013, adding two communities in the south."
"The regions were re-engineered, according to the commission, to try to balance the Inuit population."
"In Quebec, it stands at 100,000 people in the region, while Abbey-James-Nunavik-Eye is less than 85,000 people."
"With Nunavik’s population at about 13,000, Nunavik’s population is far below that, but its leaders have responded to that challenge in Nunavik’s self-determination."
"The smallest federal jurisdiction is Labrador, with a population of about 26,000, while Newfoundland has a population of about 80,000."
"Pomeroy won the north of Quebec, with a vote of more than 11,000, or 40 per cent, followed by the Liberal and Conservative candidates."
"Watt celebrated Green Party candidate Kara Kapana-Whitley, an Inuk from Kuujjuaq, who won the fifth vote with more than 1,000 votes."
"Speaking to Watt, he welcomed Pomeroy to visit Nunavik as soon as possible."
"“I look forward to the gathering, and his support for self-determination is something that I’m very pleased about, as well as raising issues like the implementation of the United Nations Act on the rights of Indigenous people,” Watt said."
"There was much news for Blacklead Corp. president Eilish-François Blanchett, whose split Party won 32 seats for Quebec."
"“We look forward to supporting us in our development work in Nunavik—through our legislative and economic processes—and to being able to establish a legitimate partnership,” said Watt."
"“However, in Quebec’s desire for independence, Inuit have long advocated for a unified Canada.”"
"Watt organized the previous election, with those Liberal seats largely unseated in the current government, a chance to bring the different parties together and bring Canada together."
"“Justin Trudeau has a strong government that does not have any seats, and he can work with other Party (political parties)—NDP, BlackCorp., Green, Conservative and Independent candidates—to pass legislation and bring it to Parliament, and in the process of consolidating it,” he said."
"For Nunavut’s newly elected NDP MLA, Mamala Qaqqaq of Baker Lake, made some surprising comments."
"“I remember the NTI meeting in Baker Lake in 1871 with Tagak Curley,” Watt said."
“At that time we were young.
"They will do a good job, I apologise, and I look forward to seeing you and working with you about Inuit self-determination at the same time, for the next generation.”"
"Reinforcing anti-Semitism in RSV in Nunavut, thousands say"
"“For Inuit, you should save money on the number of people living with lung cancer”"
This flight of emergency services to Nunavut’s Lightine is on hold at the Iqaluit International Airport this summer while performing flights.
"In some years, when infants with lung disease (RSV, which he just quoted), have to be flown out of the lung and hospital for a considerable amount of money."
"These are Dr. Anna Panerjee and her fellow teachers at Toronto University’s health school who attended a workshop in 1989 for the first time under the change.org at the end of September, and for about 1,000 signatures to be agreed."
"But when the release was finally recorded, 23,322 names had gathered—and now they’d like to reach 25,000 signatures."
His introduction suggests that the Government of Nunavut would prevent many deaths and reduce the need to go to the hospital for a baby reinforcing a health-care system called the palizumab for all infants under six months.
"The Paliuzzo virus is a non-vaccination program, though it’s not vaccinated, and it’s on the market under the name Synonymous."
"It is officially defined in infants with lung cancer that begins with RSV, a summary of which is “a sparrows,” which he quoted from the bottom of the lungs, and becomes a disease that poses a serious threat to what is called a psychiatric network."
"But Dr. Michael Patterson, the president of health care in Nunavut, told Nunatsiaq News in an interview that the Government of Nunavut contributes 11 per cent to 12 per cent of babies under the age of 2."
"“We use it more often for infants at risk of serious RSV, as well as for those who support the planet’s submission of the palivizumab,” she said."
"These include infants born to Inuit, who are under 35 weeks of pregnancy, or babies with lung cancer or heart disease."
"Benoji, a professor of pediatrics at the Toronto University of Philadelphia, has published curriculum over the last 15 years about the ongoing presence and cost of RSV in the Arctic."
"According to the study, he has strongly criticized the current Nunavut policy and said all Nunavut babies need this health-care system."
"Dr. Anna Pannoye, one of the professors of pediatrics at the Toronto University of Pharmacy, said after studying the Inuit infant vaccination program called the palivic lab would benefit lives and financially."
Nunavut’s cost of living makes it worthwhile
He said in his research that the RSV epidemic is permanent and has resulted in the creation of a large number of air transport and medical facilities for the Nunavut Department of Health.
"The cost of prevention is high: about $5,600 per medicine."
"But despite that cost, Benjamin and many believe that’s a cut."
"That’s because Nunavut often suffers from illness and is the best medivac service, they answer."
"“We’ve done a lot of cost-benefit analysis that shows that in the Arctic if we give the majority of palivic navigation, it’s going to save money,” he said in an interview."
"The cost-benefit analysis, published in 2013, found hundreds of cases of lung cancer in the Kitikmeot’s infants: it was set at 389 out of 1,000."
"In its inspection, which took place from Jan. 1, 2009 to June 30, 2010, it found that the cost of living in the hospital for that illness reached $57,535."
"In the Qikiqtani region, lung cancer among infants came in 2002 from 1,000 newborns and in the Kivalliq region, from 230 out of 1,000 newborns."
That means the GN has spent $5.9 million on sicknesses in the Qikiqtani region and roughly $5.7 million on the Kivalliq Infant Patient Disease that was the case in its study.
"However, it was, Kivalliq had the highest proportion of lung cancer patients in hospital: $63,686."
"“For Inuit, it’s saving money, because of the high rates of lung cancer in Nunavut,” she said."
Superintendent of Ontario nurses supports registration
“Inuit infants are 10 times more likely to receive hospital treatment for lung cancer than the “vulnerable” infants and the disease is even more serious in its effect.
"Despite the devastating consequences, Inuit infants in Nunavut do not receive any health prevention programs,” Gandhi wrote in his donation."
"It’s also the position of experts identified at the University of Winnipeg School of Health, the National Health Organization and the National Health Research Institute for Indigenous people."
But the wealthy babies in Nunavut who graduate with the birth certificate do not receive—even if they come from vulnerable communities other than Iqaluit and suffer most from lung cancer.
Benjamin says that’s why they’re doing the wrong thing.
“I’ve worked really hard.
I’ve also shown my description to the public.
"Carolyn Bennett, Jane Philpott, has seen my list and said they’re spiritual,” she said."
Nunavik vaccinates all infants
"He also warned that, unlike Nunavut, health workers in Nunavik have handed the palizumab to all babies over the past three years."
"In the Nunavut legislature on Oct. 18, Health Minister George Hickes said in response to questions from Iqaluit-Apex MLA Pat Angnakak, that the GN should review Nunavik’s practices."
"“We’re trying to track that program,” said Hickes."
Arnakaq said the RSV (tuberculosis) has a devastating effect on families.
"“Recently, I know the baby had to be sent to the RSV and it had a big impact on the family, especially when it was a baby."
But Hickenlooper defended the GN’s current approach and said it’s not the government that saves Inuit money until they provide it.
“This is not a legal or policy decision at all.
"It depends on the best health care experience,” Hickes said."
Patterson adds that Nunavik went ahead three years ago with a start-up for infants under six months.
"“We’re still waiting for that number, and if we’re fully aware of the fact that there’s no savings to be made by using the palivic navigator, then we’ll have to implement it quickly,” Patterson said."
"But in his view, there is still a lack of concrete indicators for enforcement in Nunavut."
"“There are two things I don’t agree with in the plebiscite and the other one that reveals that it’s already been completed, or that there’s any scientific evidence to that effect."
"There were a lot of people still asking questions,” she said."
The legacy of the use of the palivic navigation system in Nunavut has come from a long time ago.
"In 2008, the Government of Nunavut rejected or participated in the Benjamin’s assessment of RSV, even though officials from Greenland, Nunavik and the Northwest Territories chose to participate."
A small building arrives in Kuujjuaq
Nunavik Construction offers small-scale construction
"A small building, by Nunavik construction firm, had been flown to Kuujjuaq by sealift this summer."
(Photo courtesy of Nunavik Construction)
The first small houses built in Nunavik arrived in Kuujjuaq this summer.
"“I wanted to show how good we were building for the north,” said Willy Godfrey, co-founder of Nunavik Construction, a home design designer and designer of offices in Kuujjuaq and Nabville, Quebec."
"Ten years before that, Godfrey, a Kuujjuaq plumber, kidnapping technician and construction worker connected with housing expert Cloud Janelle."
"“We started talking about affordable housing in the Arctic,” Godfrey said."
“Buildings in the Arctic are too expensive.
It started from there.”
Out of that they’ve developed the design of small units that take into account Arctic climate conditions.
The houses contain metal and 10-inch winds that are unhealthy and can last longer than they normally use.
"They’ve been built with fibre optic fixtures, roofs and roofs and three-storey windows to prevent the heat from outside."
"They have floor-to-ceiling furnaces, not least a wall-to-wall furnace, to match the average temperature in the entire building."
"“I think that’s the only way in the Arctic,” Godfrey said."
“There’s a lot of problems with heat and heat that go into certain areas.
People say their feet are freezing.
Their houses have a good fire but they walk in.”
An architectural design of Nunavik’s one-bedroom cabin.
(Photo courtesy of Nunavik Construction)
"Designed for heating and plumbing across Nunavik, Godfrey is responsible for ensuring that the houses are built within a framework, that everything is well organised and maintained."
"Nunavik builders have multiple conditions for small units, four bedrooms, and locations listed for them."
"They can add an additional bedroom and can be expanded, for example, if they are larger than their children."
"The building featured in Kuujjuaq is a one-bedroom, size five metres by garage and 10 metres by Tokyo."
It sits at the end of the building’s kitchen and living area.
The bedroom is just behind and beyond the bathroom.
Their power plant is located behind another building.
It took more than two hours for the building to be completed by placing it in the walls and fixing the walls and pipes.
"The building can be bought for $228,000, connected and all inside, said Gatba."
"Nunavik’s house is priced between $500,000 and $600,000, he said."
"“We’re trying to build affordable housing that’s safe to house and has problems with their water routes,” said Godfrey."
"“I’m a plumber, a kingfisher and a lot of repairs have been done over the last year and a lot of repairs have been done, the plumbing is inadequate, the heating system is inadequate."
I’ve built that many years and we’ve now got something that would be better suited to the Arctic.”
"The houses are built in Sherrock, Quebec, and during the month of construction, Godfrey said, and they were delivered by cargo by sealift."
"After we receive the order and if the booking is done on time for shipping, the building can stay in its location for the next summer."
"“In the future, if this works, we’re hoping to build facilities in the Arctic,” she said."
“But this requires a lot of money.”
He added that housing in the circumpolar Arctic would be ideal and would be very happy to receive any order from Nunavut or Greenland.
"“We’re open and waiting for the rates to come in and they’re prepared to build houses,” said Godfrey."
“We’re ready to help people in need.”
"In Canada’s Arctic, sea ice is at its lowest level now"
“We may be a month behind schedule for next year”
"“The freezing is very late this year,” said Gjoa Haven resident Willie Aglukkaq, who shared the photo on Oct. 18."
"“It’s still a big boat for the land, as never happens in Gjoa Haven."
I’ve never seen him ice-free for the rest of my life.”
(Photo by Willie Aglukkaq)
By Dustin Potter
"This past October, Judah Sarpinak of Igloolik had to go through a sealing machine."
"To make that commitment later in the year, he had to go boating."
"In Nunavut and other parts of the Arctic, it’s the same thing."
"“This is the first time I’ve seen this freeze in my lifetime,” said Willie Aglukkaq, a resident of Gjoa Haven for nearly 40 years."
It’s true.
"This past Oct. 15 the sea ice’s glaciers were at 5.118 million square kilometres, having been the lowest since the start of the writing system in 1968."
"“Depending on the location, we may do it a month later than we did last year,” said Gersh Largie, a crusher who inspects land services in Canada."
But this is not the first time in a year that the sea ice is low.
In April, there was also the worst ice sheet ever recorded.
That followed July’s editorial period as well.
"In August, sea ice reduction slowed."
"“We were equal to our spouses with the lowest (sea ice) in 2007 and 2016, but still higher than in 2012,” said Walter Mayer, a senior researcher at the National Automobile and Neptune Institute."
"“But we’re still below the 2012 lows when that happened because of the slow pace of freezing—in 2012 it was a quick return to the roof, but this winter it’s breaking the ice.”"
"By Oct. 15, the ice’s stocks were down more than they were in 2012, when it was the lowest."
(Declaration by NSIDC)
The sea ice capacity is dependent on temperatures.
"“If there is water without ice and if the temperature is colder in the water, then even if the temperatures are in the air it will get cold and the water starts to freeze or freeze,” said Langer."
"But the Arctic’s warmest temperatures in October have been cold, with temperatures in the last six months."
"“It was a summer,” said Mayer."
"Starting in April, it was still the third-most heated month—in the Arctic’s average temperatures—recorded, this May and August at the highest levels."
(Photo courtesy of UNEP)
This year’s event will create a bigger picture.
"“As a result of global warming from Inuit-driven vehicles, we’ve seen a decline in the sea ice thick since 1979,” said Pascal Patuji, director of the GRID-Geneva, in a news release released by the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP)."
"Unlike the current trend this year in the Arctic, the declining sea ice has contributed to Arctic warming over the years."
"According to the release, “Temperatures have risen to 0.5 degrees Celsius in the last 10 years between 1982 and 2017, largely due to the effects of the sun shrinking in 1979."
That’s two times faster than the world average.”
This summer has not been the only example.
"Even though the same year continues, the sea ice is now recovering."
"“The ice is finally freezing,” she said."
"In the past 10 days, since Oct. 20, sea ice has grown by nearly 1.5 million square kilometres, including water near Gjoa Haven."
"If the current freeze continues, 2019 may be even higher than it was in 2012."
Iqaluit welcomes new fire chief
“For me it’s a fun thing to do”
Gord Howard became Iqaluit’s fire chief for the last two weeks.
"Since then he’s been reading and consulting, but he says his new job has allowed him to do something else."
(Photo by Dustin Potter)
"When Gordon Howard of the city council attended the Oct. 22 presidential firefighters, he did not expect to be interviewed."
“Do you support the Montreal Canadians?”
Asked by mum Joanasie Akumalik.
"After a period of silence, Howard replied, “No.”"
They’re here and they’re laughing.
"Only a week later, in an interview with Nunatsiaq News, Howard said, “That’s why I decided that my clients should not be heard.”"
"Holloway, who grew up in Hamilton, went to Iqaluit through Milford, Ontario, near the community of California in Georgian Bay."
"Even though he has been here for the first time, he has also lived in the Arctic."
"In his 10-year career as an emergency medicine officer for the Canadian Rangers, Arviat close to him has lived in a tent in the wintertime."
"“So I understand the snow, I understand the cold, but they have also had to be activated."
It seems like it can be in another world and that’s why I’ve brought it here.
"And the department is in a state of chaos,” said Howard, referring to Iqaluit’s firefighters’ collection—some of whom are firefighters and some who just provide assistance."
That’s all Howard didn’t make it to Iqaluit.
Adding to their experience as a former firefighter and ambulance—something that rarely happens in other areas—was also the cause of the Iqaluit fire.
"“The history of this department is overwhelming,” said Howard."
"“It’s a lot of work here, and I see their equipment stay in place.”"
"The trends in the department’s approach to the area, and now Howard, a new area in the region, from water shortages and a lack of volunteers, to the area’s fires and the fire hall is too small."
“We can’t change that overnight and it seems like there’s not a lot of change that’s happening overnight.
"If we continue to move forward and do not go backwards, I’d be happy,” said Howard."
"“For me, it’s a exciting project."
"It’s disappointing, it’s about how we’re going and what we know can do now.”"
"As for the first question about the city’s appointment as director of emergency services, “I’m Toronto’s assistant,” said Howard with a smile."
“It’s good to see some of the fire hall’s supporters in Toronto.
"I brought a flag, so we’ll be able to show you through our car if the Stanley Cup wins in 20-30 years.”"
Egypt’s observations make it a concern for Nunavik residents to go to hospital in Montreal
hotel manager says they inspect but they never found
That’s just a meal you wouldn’t want to see in your bedroom: Igloolik’s kombucha.
"But in recent years, Egypt’s koalas have been spotted at the Québel Hotel where Nunavik residents stay when they travel to the city."
Egypt’s observation of Nunavik’s hotels during their medical travel to Montreal remains a major concern for hotels and their families.
This photo shows the bed’s corner that Cecilia Tsukka saw last month at the bottom of her mother’s cabin at the Corletti Hotel in Kurt De Les Dorville.
(Photo courtesy of Cecilia Tuchka)
"In mid-October, Cecilia Kuduka saw her mother visit the Corletti Hotel in the Kurt De Les Dorville he was extremely scared: just under the skin of Illib Kumar, which he filmed."
"Kuduka sees Egli Kumar as he tells the patients of Nunavik’s guardian at the Olympic Hotel, where they live in multiple rooms, 39 in total, on the first floor of the building when it’s full."
Kuduka called her mother and told her she would never be there again.
"The hotel’s president, Seattle Abdullah Noor, told Nunatsiaq News last week that he’s surprised by the sightings."
"That’s what happened recently, when he received inspection reports, which he had obtained from sparrows, they couldn’t find."
"One bedroom inspection found the area where the beds had been frozen, but they’re no longer there."
Abdell Noor also posted an email to an audience that saw eye to eye with the bedbugs.
"Given the importance of the Olivier Hostel operation, Abdell Noor said all the rooms were done this year and were inspected and processed if necessary."
Nunatsiaq News was unable to communicate with Nunavik’s community health board or with the Module-quibbles who deal with Nunavik’s hospital trips to Montreal, such as glasses and canals.
As for MNQ, they have listed their concerns in an email to Abdell Noah.
"“It sounds like the patients are seeing the family members of Igloolik and they don’t want to stay in a hotel anymore,” wrote George Telatella, president of the Olympics on Oct. 16."
“Tell me what it is and when and when the problem will be solved.
We have to communicate to the patients about the intervention of the family unit.”
Olivvik provides patients with clothes/bags before entering.
Egypt exists in Montreal: Excuse government offices were forced to shut down at the Complaint Guy-Favreau last month.
"And if Iglesias had patients in the Arctic, that wouldn’t be the first, as they did in 2010 in Winnipeg."
"Iglu’s knuckles are unattractive: they’re small, but it’s also unusual for them to sneak, sweat and paint in the skin after the knuckle."
Those koalas carry a pipeline of influenza into the blood so that the blood can no longer be thick and split.
"On the other side of the pipeline, the bed pumps in the blood, sometimes for five minutes. After melting, you crack the red carpet and appear to have a virus."
"Igloolik’s kitchens eat five to 10 days a year and can live a full year, located at the bottom of the block, blocks and other hot spots, darkened and revealed when they want to eat."
"The good news is that glasses don’t get cold, resulting in sleep and death."
So you can kill your bags when they’re outside for more than two days if it’s not warm.
"Try to stay away from the bedroom, check the house’s head, look at the bottom and don’t put your bags in the bedroom."
"And if you go home, wash your clothes before going to your bedroom and check your bags out."
"If you’re looking at Iglulie’s kombucha at the Montreal hotel, you can call 311 cities to address your problems."
"Baffinland’s hearing suddenly stopped, a merger from Pond Inlet"
“Inuit have to be involved in the process.
"It has impact on all people’s lives,” said NTI president"
"Representatives from Igloolik and Pond Inlet are listening to Aluki Kotierk, NTI’s president, on a motion to suspend the NIRB’s final hearing on Baffinland’s phase-two expansion on Wednesday, Nov. 6 in Iqaluit."
(Photo by Emma Tranter)
By Emma Tranter and Elaine Anselmi
"The NIRB’s hearing on Baffinland Iron Mines Corp.’s proposal to expand the Mary River iron mine suddenly ended, with two more days of hearings held in Pond Inlet."
"On Wednesday, Nov. 6, NTI President Aluki Kotierk issued a motion calling for an immediate moratorium on the final public hearing and for the hearing to continue for eight months next year."
A series of silent testimony from witnesses appeared to pave the way for his colleagues. Members looked at Baffinland’s decision to take action on the situation.
"Baffinland officials pulled their faces, sometimes pulling their fingers and turning their backs on Kotierk’s motion."
“We are concerned that this public hearing will be completed without the schedule being completed.
Inuit need to be heard and engaged in constructive discussions.
"Everyone here wants to understand all the outcomes and how they affect NTI and the unions,” Kotierk said while the chamber is full of witnesses and Inuit."
"It has impact on all people’s lives,” she said"
"The resolution was released on the day of the fifth hearing in Iqaluit, about an hour later."
The NIRB’s first order was designed to continue the hearing in Pond Inlet to allow communities to participate on Nov. 8 and 9.
"The NIRB approved NTI’s motion, which suspended the hearing and suspended the Pond Inlet gathering."
"Throughout the week, Baffinland’s representatives for those who wanted to have an opportunity to say they plan to build a railway north of Mary River to dock."
"With the railway and other parts of the dock, it would be easier for the company to produce a larger amount than it currently produces six million tonnes of iron ore a year to 12 million tonnes."
"But it’s worth noting this week that Baffinland’s proposal to modify its program to remove its production limit and possibly create a cap on shipping, 20 times the length of the railway back and 176 shipping a year."
"The resolution’s dismissal was supported by all those who wished to have the opportunity to speak, many of whom expressed concerns about the uncertainty surrounding the project."
"P.J. Akeeagok, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association president, told Nunatsiaq News that he believes the NIRB process works to ensure “people have the opportunity to ask questions about these values” and “it’s an opportunity for residents to voice their concerns that remain.”"
"Akeeagok also said the motion was not expected, but it was fully in place on the final day of the hearing."
Baffinland’s employees look at Kotierk’s motion to dismiss the ban.
“What I think is that there are too many questions that haven’t been solved.
"In my view, if you’re going to make a decision in the future, then you have to be well informed to make a decision."
There was no shortage here.”
Representatives from north Baffin communities also voted in favour of the motion.
"“There is a need for information and research,” said Amanda Hanson Main, a research officer at Pond Inlet’s Hunters and Trappers Organization."
He said the project “may have serious implications for our values and for our people and for the world we live in.”
"Some participants in Kippur said they were opposed to the Mary River project, and encouraged Baffinland to continue its work in Nunavut, but there were too many questions and concerns about the proposed expansion."
"“What we’ve heard is too personal and inappropriate,” said Peter Ivalu, a hamlet representative from Igloolik."
“Every message has to be interpreted.
Everything must be transparent.”
"The GN also agreed with the resolution, which noted that there is too much disagreement among those who have asked to have the opportunity to speak and a supplier that only stops."
"The Government of Canada also supported the motion, but said the NIRB can make decisions on how long the ban will take."
"Through its legal team, Baffinland said it opposes the resolution’s suspension for eight months and opposes the resolution before being announced."
"“All those who came to the announcement of the hearing were likely to continue until Nov. 2,” said Brad Armstrong, a lawyer for Baffinland."
“None of them said no plans to start this day.
No one of those comments was there to stop them from getting there.”
"Megan Lord-Hoyle, the vice-president of recycling for Baffinland, said the delay would affect “immediate problems” with the project."
"“But we’ll do all we can to ensure the continued provision and protection of 3,000 Canadians in the labour market, 476 of whom are Inuit."
We have to know that Inuit will work with us.
"We need time to figure out how much of a negative impact the project will have,” Lord-Hoyle said."
"Although the QIA says it can’t help in phase two, Akeeagok said it will continue to work on the Inuit communications program and that the project’s economic potential will be limited."
“We’re opposed to Mary River.
We’re working with them.
We own the Inuit Nunangat centre.
"We support Inuit employment,” she said."
“We’ve spent a lot of money and a lot of work to ensure that the project is economically viable for a long time.
"So with that in mind, we have to find the right balance."
But there are none at this time.”
Akeeagok also said the community’s uncertainty about the railways’ impact on our caribou is crucial.
"“As an Inuk, they have a direct impact on our cultural rights."
"And it was very clear to elders that while they’re here they don’t think of themselves alone, it’s another matter for the future."
That’s what I’m focusing on.
"My decisions now are not just for now, but for the next generation."
Do I leave them with a better foundation than they used to be?
"That’s more based on decision-making, no matter how you behave,” she said."
"In a motion, the NIRB allowed those who wished to speak to it to write a letter until Nov. 15."
"From there, the NIRB will provide a written submission to the motion and the length of its wait times."
Nunavut MLAs agree to amendments to the Income Tax Act
“Our government is working hard to bring carbon pricing back to our economy instead”
"MLA Adam Mitchison interviewed Finance Minister George Hickes about Bill 26, An Act to Amend the Income Tax Act, at the legislative assembly’s hearing on Wednesday, Nov. 6."
Nunavut MLAs have renewed the Nunavut Income Tax Act to amend the carbon tax bill.
"The changes, which were read for the third time on Wednesday, Nov. 6, included an increase in the personal liability from $13,325 to $16,000."
"That’s because taxpayers would earn nearly $3,000 a year before they had to pay Nunavut’s income tax."
"Another change is the increase in the cost of living from $1,200 to $1,500."
"That means that if taxpayers earn more than $60,000 to do their job they will receive an additional $300 in income tax."
And Nunavut’s business tax rates for small businesses dropped from 4 per cent to 3 per cent.
"“Our government is working hard to ensure that carbon pricing is reinvested in our economy,” said Finance Minister George Hickes."
"The federal government’s fixed carbon tax rates applied in Nunavut on July 1, in a bid to make fuel prices more stable—would have increased by 5 cents per litre—the Government of Nunavut introduced a carbon-based rebate program."
"In a debate on the proposed income tax reform, Nunavut MLAs agreed that carbon tax revenues should be returned to Nunavummiut."
But they could not agree on how best to do so.
"Adam Lightstone, the MLA for Iqaluit-Manirajak, was concerned that, with a reduction in income tax rates, the government would have to use carbon tax rates for government operations."
“It’s my understanding that we’re very much in need of federal funding and that our own economy only gets 10 per cent to 15 per cent of our contributions.
"We really have to use our own investments to run our operations,” said Lightstone."
“Why is the government attempting to use carbon tax rates to benefit government operations?”
"“The carbon tax rates that we’ve developed will only be a small part of the Government of Nunavut and have tried to fit our own carbon footprint,” replied Hicks, adding, “I don’t think we’d be very comfortable if we just put these carbon rates in place for other revenues and don’t put that money back into the payers’ pockets.”"
Lightstone also said that amending the Income Tax Act would be the most appropriate way to reimburse Nunavummiut.
"They also said that the carbon tax subsidy will go to the Government of Nunavut to ensure it was used as a tool, reducing Nunavut’s carbon emissions."
“Climate change is a big issue for me and a lot of work needs to be done for now and for our future.
"Having said that, I have presented any suggestions to our government on how to develop or take action to reduce Nunavut’s energy consumption,” said Lightstone."
“Why have these ideas not been considered and demanded to be used to curb carbon taxation costs?”
Hicks responded by saying that each department—responsible for specific projects—is listening.
"Some departments have begun work with the department, including the Qulliq Energy Corporation, which has a mandate to install energy-efficient LED street lights in Nunavut which was approved at its recent meeting."
"In 2019-20, the GN expects to generate 12 million carbon tax dollars."
That would be broken down:
• Two million dollars in government spending on more expensive heating systems for social housing and government housing for schools and health centres.
• 3.6 million dollars for a new Nunavut carbon recovery.
• 6.2 million dollars in return for Nunavummiut and Nunavut jobs this year through the introduction of amendments to the Income Tax Act.
But for Lightstone it’s not a good math combination.
"“Given the 50 per cent reimbursement of a petrol station and the 50 per cent reimbursement of carbon taxation payments, why is it so small to have an energy efficiency strategy?”"
"Hicks responded that while the federal government’s fixed carbon tax increases every year over the next five years, and even if the 50 per cent reduction in refineries will go ahead, next year’s increase in taxpayer revenues will generate additional revenue for other projects."
The law received second reading on Nov. 6 and received third reading this evening.
"Despite that, Lightstone, who gave birth yesterday, said she was only sleeping with the legislative assembly for three hours and left."
"In a subsequent email to Nunatsiaq News, Lightstone said he opposes the vote on the act."
"“I don’t agree with the conditions of Bill 26, I don’t think it’s a good format for next year’s policy,” wrote Lightstone, who would have liked to call the legislative assembly."
“The purpose of the carbon tax is to reduce emissions from fossil fuels and dust from industries and to address climate change.
"If the legislation includes an energy-related tax rebate for individuals and businesses who want to reduce energy consumption, or if the Government of Nunavut had developed a strategy that would help people buy and shape energy efficiency then I would have been very happy to agree to the act.”"
Even Lightstone’s opposition to the legislation was passed.
Hickenlooper said he can easily hear opinions on how to use carbon dioxide revenues to reduce Nunavut’s carbon footprint.
“I encourage everyone to write to their MLAs or the government that respects the options available to them.”
"Nunavut’s visitor numbers were more than 34,000 in 2018 than in 2015."
The Government of Nunavut publishes its annual tourism report for 2018-19
Passengers on Owen Owen’s (One Ocean) inspection boat fly from Judith Island near the northwestern coast of Rankin Inlet.
(Photo courtesy of Emma Tranter)
"From April to September 2018, more than 51,000 people visited Nunavut from non-Nunavut communities."
"This is the case for Nunavut’s annual tourism report for 2018-19 from the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which was tabled in Parliament earlier this month."
"The same people who came here spent a total of $271,383,000 on participation and travel costs."
The report does not give details of how much they have spent elsewhere in the journey.
"On balance, there were roughly 16,750 visitors from Nunavut who did not live in the territory from May to October 2015, according to the then-annual Nunavut visitor exit survey."
"The Baffin and Kivalliq regions are best visited from July to September, 2018."
"The island was visited by 95,600, of which more than half (53.2 per cent) came to Iqaluit with a budget of $75.1 million."
Pond Inlet and Pangnirtung are the second and third communities visited here in the Baffin region.
"In the Kivalliq, Rankin Inlet received 33,600 visits and spent $68 million, followed by Baker Lake and Arviat."
Cambridge Bay was the Kitikmeot’s most visited region.
Drinking water from Owen Olson’s research vessel flew from Yukon to Kimmirut in August 2019.
"And in 2018, 3,404 cruise ships travelled to Nunavut within two and a half months."
"Shipping Inuit vessels operators spent $388,351 on community service, the report said."
But climate and sea ice had about 50 per cent of the ships that wanted to visit Nunavut.
"The agency received the status of eight passengers who operated in 23 modes of transport in Nunavut from July to September, 2018."
"The ships carrying 3,404 passengers combined."
"Less than half, even 59 per cent of the cargo people took to Pond Inlet in Nunavut."
"Iqaluit is the second most populated area in terms of visitor numbers at 8.3 per cent, followed by Qikiqtarjuaq, which received 6.1 per cent of visas and Grise Fiord by 5.9 per cent."
"Sealift visitors to Pond Inlet not only spent a total of $245,565, but the visitors most visited within 100 hours of the 189.5-hour cruise ship’s visit in Nunavut, according to the report."
"Cambridge Bay, Gjoa Haven, Kimmirut and Kugluktuk were not visited by sealift in 2018."
"According to the report, both Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven were expected to receive seven visits, but all were cancelled due to weather."
"The report listed Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven as affected by the cancellation of cruise ships’ visits by a total loss of about $25,000."
"The feedback from the report comes from visitors leaving the research area in 2018, which surveyed vessels operators and other visitors to Nunavut last year."
"In 2018, the GN had to respond to community concerns from Pond Inlet and Clyde River about the shipping season."
"According to the report, the GN has contacted the organization’s Arctic surveillance vessel operators and all cruise ship operators to ensure that they do not go through the same route."
"He also said that while tourism is a private development, they need the government’s support for development."
"In Nunavut, that means training and employment for Nunavummiut in the tourism sector."
“There is always a lack of a dedicated workforce and trained people to work in different areas of the tourism industry.
"In the absence of a skilled workforce, tourism is not yet fully realized in its potential."
"Training has been known to play a key role in tourism in Nunavut,” the report said."
"The firm, Nunavut’s Inuit cruise ship training program, provides training to 12 people a year to work for Inuit cruise ships as part of the inspection process, the report said."
"According to the report, all of the GN’s tourism inspectors are Inuit."
"“Historically, tourism data is rarely available, which leads to uncertainty about the size of the economy and its capacity to support the territory’s economy,” the report said."
"The department contributed 115 projects related to tourism in 2018, with a total cost of $1,272,822."
These projects include the following:
"• Nunatta Equipment Museum, Voices for Nunavut Promotion: $50,100"
"• Bay Galaxy Tour: $48,383"
"• Igloolik Hamlet, founder of Igloolik arts and crafts: $81,785"
"• Archer (Architecture and Architecture), Legends Release: $99,872"
"• Nunavut Development Corp. and Winnipeg Art Gallery to new store: $225,000 over three years"
"Mary River: If it’s a matter of profitability, let’s go ahead with it"
Parliamentarians desperate for Baffinland to raise money
Participants sat in Iqaluit at Cadet Hall on the fourth day of the NIRB’s public hearing on Baffinland Iron Mines Corp.’s railway expansion proposal for Mary River.
"Nunavut’s system of enforcing rules for industrial development, which started in the 1993 Nunavut land claims agreement, has not been performing until such time as a wide-ranging, diverse environmental and socio-economic assessment of the Mary River iron mine over a decade."
"This was featured in Iqaluit earlier this month, when the NIRB held its final public hearing on the $900-million railway expansion proposal by Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. in a sudden resignation of fuss and misinformation."
The last day of the seven-day hearing scheduled for Pond Inlet was cancelled.
"At the same time, Baffinland’s multi-billion-dollar, multiple iron ore mine is in crisis."
"With this draft, the NIRB has yet to make a decision on a motion from NTI that, if approved, would delay it from eight to 12 months."
"And Baffinland’s Nunatsiaq News Corp., the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, said they can’t support or approve a railway expansion."
"But the QIA’s business community, QC says it fully supports it."
They’re also Arctic Co-operatives.
This is a complex process.
"As for Baffinland, the vice-president of recycling, Megan Lord-Hoyle, on the issue, said the company is now only concerned about whether the project will be able to go ahead, saying, “We’re going to do what we can to maintain and protect Canada’s 3,000 jobs, 476 of which are Inuit.”"
"Last week, Baffinland told Nunatsiaq News it terminated 490 southern contracts that it contracts with and 96 contract Inuit employees."
That’s why we’re reaching the biggest unanswered questions about the project: Mary River’s money.
"Baffinland says the mine’s economic potential is uncertain unless regulators allow the construction of a 110-kilometre railway between Mary River and its production to go up to 12 million tonnes a year, which could happen 176 times more frequently in the wake of a warning by Eclipse Sound."
"The problem is, they did not produce a public report on that funding."
"And in the past, more and more officials were no longer asking questions about it."
"Late last year, although they had no children, that didn’t stop what stakeholders said they believed."
"For example, in the summer and fall of 2018, the QIA had buttons with Baffinland, protected by the NIRB."
"On Aug. 31 of that year, the NIRB recommended that the federal government refuse to approve the previous and smaller year’s production—from 4.2 million tonnes of iron ore to 6 million tonnes."
"So Baffinland and his partner, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, started to work hard."
"Over the next few weeks, they have written to senior decision makers on the floor, Dominic LeBlanc, then the former federal minister of the Arctic, urging the board’s recommendations to be revised downwards."
Why?
Money.
"The Inuit organisation said it fears that the Mary River mine’s capacity, due to donations of hundreds of dollars and funds, will cost more than $20 million to the parties in the new Inuit impact and benefit agreement."
Ottawa agreed.
"With focus on the QIA’s concerns about the potential for funding for the mine, the federal government approved Baffinland’s proposal last year."
"“We are also concerned about the long-term viability of the Mary River iron mine and are aware of the QIA’s concerns about the economic development of the project,” LeBlanc wrote in a September 30, 2018 letter signed by Crown-Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett."
"Instead, the most important legislator in the public sector—the federal government—has agreed that economic stability is crucial and essential to that."
And they did so even though there was no financial transparency there.
This is a big problem.
"Because if the truth is that the program is not profitable, a member of the club must be willing to see what he says is true."
"In all areas of the Mary River project, Baffinland’s employees—as required—must produce a significant number of contributions to the project’s environmental impact statement."
"But with the project’s financial successes, the NIRB seems reluctant to release its public details."
"For example, the NIRB has recommended that a lengthy financial document obtained by the European Union in the Arctic is “not valid” and should not be revealed to the board’s public register."
(Signs on our website still appear).
The Nunavut Impact Review Board recommended that the document be tabled—and repealed Baffinland’s request.
"For its part, Baffinland wanted to submit, individually, a shorter financial report explaining why Mary River could generate more revenue through a larger production process."
That willingness to be independent may be a problem.
At least Baffinland has corrected that.
"In response to that, the NIRB made a different decision, which makes no sense."
"If the federal government is going to invest in economic development, then this federal subsidy board must do the same."
"Indeed, the Nunavut Impact Review Board and other regulators should try to get another piece of evidence like that."
They have to be committed.
"As well as Baffinland’s Atuqtuarvik Corp., the Qikiqtani Inuit Association."
"And given that such concerns may have arisen further, the federal government is amending federal legislation that governs the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s system, the Nunavut Planning Commission and the Program Review Act, to clarify how financial information should be handled in the future."
"Despite their willingness to comment, there are still hundreds of questions that remain unanswered about Baffinland’s final expansion proposal, related to the railway’s impact on caribou, the impact of ships on whales, the project’s lack of Inuit employment, and much more."
"Many of the questions are from Arctic Bay to the south about the railway proposal, which Baffinland approved in 2013 to build, and 18 million tonnes of production a year. It’s still not clear why Baffinland was asked to build it in 2013 when it was allowed to produce 18 million tonnes a year."
It’s still not clear why Baffinland has not succeeded in this plan.
But the biggest question is how to ensure that program is sustainable.
Pediatric and family funding increases in Nunavik
Surface-to-earth economy suffers from Quebec’s earlier promises
Children and teachers were at the Aqivik Children’s Centre in Hudson Bay in 2016.
"That year the Quebec government added a subsidy to families living in a child care facility, based on their family income."
"On Nov. 7, 2019 those contributions were eliminated, with child care costs set at $8.25 a day."
(Photo courtesy of nunavigator)
By Elaine Anselmi
"Investments in restructuring in Quebec have led to more money for family and child services in Quebec, including Nunavik."
"Quebec’s economy was flagged at about 2.4 per cent in 2018-19, which is 0.6 per cent larger than previously thought."
"On that occasion, Quebec’s finance minister, Eric Jarrett, announced on Nov. 7 that the $857 million reported will fall short of the previous year’s estimate."
Two of that will come from a reality that has already been envied by the Child Benefit and Child Benefit.
"“Renovations to Quebec’s economy and prosperity have shown that Quebec has succeeded in this area,” Garrett said in a press release."
“Economic growth in Quebec provides us with the opportunity to reduce the deficit and to meet the government’s commitments.”
"For that fund, Quebec is eliminating the additional funding for family child care that was implemented by Philip Quillett’s Liberal government in 2016."
"Through this program, they’re adding a subsidy to child care that’s on top of the cost of a day’s income."
That subsidy was added to $15 a day for higher-income people.
"Families who make more than $50,000 were not added to the fund."
"The Nov. 7 release will reimburse Quebec day care costs $8.25, no longer subject to additional costs for all those who make money."
The new fee will be used in Nunavik through the Kativik Regional Government program in Nunavik for child services.
"According to Quebec’s release, the new fee will be for this year, and news agency Montreal Gazette reported that it would be set to start on Jan. 1, 2019."
"Last week, the head of childcare services at the Kativik Regional Government, Julie-Ann Petty, received no information on how or when those payments would start in Nunavik."
Premier François Lopez’s government first put forward a slow phasing-out of more funding and pledged to abolish it by 2022.
The profitable and recent budget surplus of $4 billion in the 2019-20 fiscal year has slowed the process.
"As well as removing the cost of childcare, the Quebec government is moving forward with a child care increase that it promised to install in 2021."
"Beginning in January 2020, the Quebec government said the family will receive about $779 a year."
"This allowance is tied to basic income, with a minimum wage of $1,000 to a maximum of $2,515 a year."
"The new rules apply to child equality, not least the fact that Liberals can’t afford to pay a higher child allowance than the parent’s child."
"“Today, we will complete the implementation of a multilateral strategy to support Quebec residents,” Jarrett said."
“We’re bringing more money back to Quebec faster.”
Nunavut MLA Peter Kattuk dies after long illness
“Peter was respected for his commitment to service and the environment”
"Sanikiluaq’s operation has been rolled out in front of the Nunavut legislative assembly on Wednesday, Nov. 20, this evening, in the eyes of the former MLA and minister Peter Kattuk, who died early in the morning after a long illness."
"The Sanikiluaq community’s operation unveiled on Wednesday, Nov. 20 at the Nunavut Justice Centre in front of Iqaluit, in the eyes of Peter Kattuk of Sanikiluaq, who died on the morning of a long illness."
"Kattak, 69, a respected MLA, Major and community leader, joined Nunavut on Feb. 15, 1999, when voters in Hudson Bay voted in the first place in Nunavut’s legislature and held their first meeting on April 1 of the same year."
"Peter Kattuk (left) accompanied Nunavut’s former commissioner Peter Irniq on April 12, 2000, when Katsuq was sworn in as Nunavut’s minister."
"At the beginning of the legislative assembly, Katsuq was appointed culture, language, elders and youth minister on April 12, 2000 to replace MLA Donald Havioyak, who resigned from his role."
"On Dec. 17, 2001, Katok was relocated to her role as the Minister of Community and Government Services, where she served as minister until 2004."
"And in 2004, Sanikiluaq’s voters won re-election in Katuqatigiit Hudson Bay, as an MLA until 2008."
"“Peter was the ambassador of Hudson Bay for eight years in double digits and my thoughts are with his family,” Nunavut Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a news release."
"Born on June 2, 1950, Kattak spent many years in Sanikiluaq working on the environment, as mayor and community leader."
"In the early 1990s, he was a member of the Sanikiluaq Impact Review Board, whose community gathered knowledge of the impacts of a massive energy water system built near Quebec that affected sea ice and marine ecosystems in the Belcher Islands."
That’s what led to a report titled “Hudson Bay Neighbourhood: a culture known by Inuit and First Nations in Hudson Bay.”
"As mayor of Sanikiluaq, Katok also spoke out against the now-depleted Kuujjuarapik power plant’s hydroelectric proposal."
"Then Katsuq was a member of the Nunavut Hudson Bay Neighbourhood Working Group, also named the Nunavut Hudson Bay Neighbourhood Association."
"The organization, set up by the Government of Nunavut, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. and the Hamlet of Sanikiluaq, is monitoring developments in Sanikiluaq’s neighbourhood for the second energy water ban proposal, which has been banned since then, following rivers from Eastmain and Rupert River."
"And in 1996, Katsuk was a member of the Nunavut Family Services Board, a body that was created in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement."
"Peter Kattuk speaks in the Nunavut legislature on Feb. 19, 2008, in his second term as MLA for Hudson Bay."
"Koonoo Tattuinee, the president of the Arctic Co-operatives Ltd., recalls Katsuk’s “history,” which made him the first marine mammal in Sanikiluaq to feed."
"Dr Paul Okalik, then Nunavut’s premier, appointed Katsuq as minister of culture, languages, elders and youth in April 2000, saying Katsuq had introduced Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit before the announcement was made."
"“Peter was involved in the testing of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit long before this was unknown,” Okalik said in a news release in April 2000."
"Prior to his career as minister in 2001, Katsuq had to deal with a “toxic” laugh."
That was the case with the Northern Transport Corp. cruise ships transporting gasoline to Nunavut and destroying snowmobile engines in the Baffin and Kivalliq regions.
"During his tenure, Katok also faced another challenge: the GN’s decision not to use NTCL and to switch suppliers to the Woodward Group in Labrador."
"He ran for re-election in October 2017, but he was third after Alan Rambert."
"“Peter was respected for his commitment to career services and his environmental efforts,” Mikkungwak said in a statement."
"Nunavik’s new member says he will apply for housing money, implemented by UNDRIP (International Association for the Rights of Indigenous Peoples)"
Shelby Barbie wants to visit in the new year and look for an Inuktitut interpreter
MP Silvie Baropi won the Abbey-Jayme Bay-Nunavik nomination contest in the October federal election.
(Photo courtesy of Shelby Bruby/Facebook)
The newly elected MLA for Nunavik wants to hear about Inuit leaders’ concerns.
MP Silvie Bruby won the Saint Justin of Papineau-Jim Bay-Nunavik election in the fall federal election by a vote of 37.7 per cent.
"While BlackCorpa is one of the MLAs who have spoken French in the past, he said he’s looking for an Inuktitut interpreter to work with him."
"“I want to make a clear statement to the needs of Indigenous communities,” she said."
"To this end, Barrobi said he knows two very important issues that are urgent in Nunavik in terms of health and housing."
"Even though the health care system is provincial, it does receive federal funding, says Bruby."
"In order to maximize its health benefits, the federal government must consider how it splits its its contributions."
Barbie has been working on the health care system for more than 30 years.
"During Blake Quebec’s campaign, they said provinces need 10,000 units over the next 10 years."
"That’s what Barbie has been talking about, asking for multiple architectural designs."
"“If we want this government to move our Liberal government forward, then it’s up to us to find a solution,” Baropi said."
"The new MLA is unusual in Nunavik, but he hopes to attend the next annual general meeting of Makivik, which will take place in March."
"Following the election of Pruby, Makivik Corp. president Charlie Watt made the news by inviting Pomeroy to visit Nunavik as soon as possible."
"“I look forward to meeting with him, and we welcome his support in our endeavours to build a self-determination program that supports and emphasizes the implementation of the U.N. Charter of Rights for Indigenous peoples,” Watt said."
Discussions with Inuit leaders would benefit from his program to assist Makivik in his efforts to build self-determination.
"Pomeroy fully supports Bill C-262, which would bring Canada’s constitution into line with the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples."
"There are two different pieces of legislation that his successor, NDP MLA Romelu Saganas."
"That introduced in 2018, Bill C-262 was suspended by Conservative senators this spring but the Liberal government’s representative in the Senate, Senator Peter Harter, said if re-elected the Liberal government would have to implement the law."
"“It is important for me to continue working on Bill C-262 in compliance with the Canadian Charter of Fundamental Rights for Indigenous peoples and the work of my successor Romelu Kaganas,” Barbie said."
“I will continue to support the program and I’d like to help Romero in future endeavours.
It’s not acceptable that Canada doesn’t have that plan in place until 2020.”
Trudeau government 2.0: Don’t expect too much
“If you can think carefully please don’t expect”
"Jane Webb then served as Indigenous services minister on March 23, 2018, with ITK president Nathan Obed, when he said the federal government would eradicate Inuit Nunangat by 2030."
Less than a year he resigned as a federal councillor.
I don’t know whether or not the federal election campaign or any of its premiers did much to address Nunavut’s principles and interests in the circumpolar region.
No surprise there.
"More important politicians seem to be concerned that the majority of Canadians, due to the southern population, are not very many who would vote for it even if they were talking about the Arctic that most Canadians in the majority of the country have never heard of."
"The Liberal government acknowledged that, for example, when they knocked down and left the party they introduced a devastating delay to the Arctic and Arctic policy framework within the day prior to the election campaign."
"During the election campaign, Indigenous issues, many of which sparked northern concerns, were also overlooked."
"So for the new shrink in Justin Trudeau’s government, and the panel that was sworn in to its mandate this past Nov. 20, it’s likely that they’ll move on without much fuss."
Here are some of the indicators.
That’s because of the notorious promises made to the North since Trudeau’s government became president in 2015: eliminate at least 50 per cent (50 per cent) of tuberculosis in Inuit Nunangat by 2025 and completely eliminate it by 2030.
"That included an initial contribution of $27.5 million over five years, during which it will be “set up” by four members of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami."
"But what was said sounds like a broken promise. Starting with that, the former tuberculosis genocide specialist for the federal government, Jane Philpott, the former Indigenous services minister, said that."
He resigned from Trudeau’s legal team this past March 4 to criticize Trudeau’s incompetence in Jody Wilson-Raybould.
He did so less than four days before Trudeau travelled to Iqaluit to apologise for Canada’s inappropriate treatment of people with tuberculosis in the 1950s and 1960s.
"Since then, they have remained silent on the Arctic’s tuberculosis epidemic."
"Despite their early election campaigns, it wasn’t overlooked."
"And so far, tuberculosis has stopped."
"For example, in Nunatsiavut, where tuberculosis occurred between 2006 and 2016 and recorded 248.5 people per 100,000, health officials have conducted only one community survey."
"That’s what happened in Nine, in 2018, when a tuberculosis epidemic broke out and a boy of a 14-year-old boy died while the patient was in the hospital with Jane Johns."
"In Nunavik, 313 people were diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, which is accompanied by tuberculosis in Inuit Nunangat, 234 of which were found at 100,000."
"But there hasn’t been any community-wide inspection done in Nunavik since 2018, after Philpott’s release."
"Inevitably in Nunavut’s most recent population survey conducted after tuberculosis, during Stephen Harper’s Conservative presidency, long before Trudeau’s Liberals were elected."
"For Nunavut, which has had 670 people with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, it’s at 171.8 out of 100.000 and there have been cases of measles."
(One unaffected person is Inuvialuit in the Northwest Territories.
"There, there were no confirmed cases of tuberculosis between 2007 and 2016.)"
Tuberculosis is a disease that is lacking.
That’s why it’s so often said.
But it’s true.
"If people do not have adequate food and housing, tuberculosis can develop."
"Also on rt.com, poverty in Cape Dorset, where their 12-week tuberculosis inspection ended in May."
In 2016 the unemployment rate was 27.3 per cent.
"In 2015, the 15-year-old’s net income was just over $18,933."
"Of the 370 units, 120 units were desperately needed to be rebuilt."
"According to Canada’s overcrowded housing, 140 units of 370 units were “non-housing” by Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. regulations."
That means there is a shortage of bedrooms per capita among the population living in social housing.
There are also a small number of Canadian Inuit living in less-favoured housing.
"It’s no surprise that over the last 20 years, tuberculosis has been rushed to Nunavut and other parts of the Arctic."
And it’s unthinkable that tuberculosis can be eradicated in those communities unless they make dramatic changes to boost housing stocks and improve quality.
"But during the last election campaign, Trudeau’s lawyers did not offer any details on Inuit housing, but only reinstated their 2016 and 2017 budgets that they had promised."
"At the same time, they could not even be scapegoated for their violations of their statements."
"That also reflects the background to the national epidemiological emergency, where tuberculosis in Inuit Nunangat is 300 times higher than the number of non-Indigenous people born in Canada."
"In Nunavut, it may be worse."
Last year’s report found that one in 100 babies born in Nunavut may suffer from this disease.
"So while they don’t have much to do with those urgent needs for the disease, what are the concerns of Trudeau’s Liberal government about other things like mental illness, community housing, education and more?"
"If you can be thoughtful, don’t expect much."
"If you don’t, be prepared for a downward spiral."
"Keep in mind: The number of cases of tuberculosis continues to progress from Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami’s ‘Inuit Tuberculosis Elimination Program’, released in November 2018."
Cape Dorset’s details come from Statistics Canada in a report that was collected during the 2016 census.
Nuuk this winter will look at new police and equipment from Nunavik’s RCMP officers
Police officers and use of body cameras have now been installed
The Kativik Regional Police will launch new police and surveillance cameras in early 2020.
(Photo by Elaine Anselmi)
"After months of poor staff turnover, the Kativik Regional Police Officers can now see their commitment to additional RCMP officers,"
Police Chief Jean-Pierre Larros gave the council an update on the Kativik Regional Government meeting Nov. 26 on its progress so far.
That included the passing of 10 new Kativik Regional Police Officers from Ontario Police College this week.
The hiring process also included former employees who retired to speak to about their employment at the centre.
"Due to poor hiring practices, the Kativik Regional Police Service has contacted the Quebec Police, Ore., for an example, to assist them in developing a quantity."
"In September, there were 20 Quebec police officers in Nunavik."
"Quebec police forces have been declining slowly until the Kativik Regional Police, and Larros said by early 2020 they may no longer use Quebec police forces."
Cultural awareness training begins
An Inuit cultural awareness training program for the Kativik Regional Police was also posted online on Nov. 18.
"Training was developed by the Kativik Regional Police and Laval University and included information about Nunavik’s Missouri, Inuit, culture, and police history in Nunavik."
"This is a three-hour training course and after it’s completed it’s inspected by newly trained people, which is defined as when applying for a job."
"“This training is intended to help the Kativik Regional Police Officers select a culture for their input,” Larros said."
"The second training program is nine hours long and requires all officers to be trained, said Larros."
That’s expected to be completed by the start of the new fiscal year.
The cameras will have to be used by police
Another added by the RCMP and praised by the board was the need to keep cameras in place for officers’ work.
It’s a pilot project and is using six cameras right now.
"“This work has been driven by Nunavimmiut’s desire to ensure that the Kativik Regional Police Officers can be more visible in their work,” Larros said."
“The Kativik Regional Police Officers are targeting Inuit for their work to be attractive and socially motivated.”
Kuujjuaq Councillor Jobie Duckapik hoped that the cameras could help people who have experienced problems with the RCMP.
“We hear from the RCMP about unfair practices and those who say they don’t want to make any comments.
"They’ve been shocked by the RCMP,” Takapik said."
“These inter-body cameras must be used.”
"He added that if only one or two police officers did something wrong with Inuit, it has a big impact, and it raises concerns across the RCMP."
"So he thinks that the camera, which takes photographs of the officer, can be used in the near future."
Larros said he’ll start using those cameras in January.
He added that violent and inappropriate actions would not only offer the police.
"“I’ve just shut down a police officer this week because of our mission in Nunavik,” she said."
“We don’t want police in particular in Nunavik.”
Nunavut’s neighbors talk about renewable energy in the Arctic
"Representatives from Greenland, Canada and the United States talk about ideas and findings"
"Bruno Pereira, the president of the Qulliq Energy Corporation delivers the Northern Strengthening and Communities’ Independent Conference in Iqaluit, Nov. 22, 2019."
(Photo courtesy of the U.S. Consultant General)
Renewable energy experts in the Arctic gathered in Iqaluit on Nov. 21 and 22 to consider and share their findings during the Arctic process.
"Attendees from Nunavut, the Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Quebec, the Netherlands and Labrador, Greenland and the United States addressed the bankruptcy that occurred during multiple interventions in communities."
"The gathering, called an open-minded, interoperability New Technology and Engineering (Improving New Technology, Including New Technology and Inclusion stakeholders), was organized by American leaders in collaboration with the Government of Nunavut and the Qulliq Energy Corporation."
"Bruno Pereira, the president of the Qulliq Energy Corporation, said the merger was found to have caused problems."
"“Under the idea of using renewable energy in our communities, we’re very curious to find out what happens to others, and find out about their successes or failures,” Pereira said."
"Pereira also said that although it’s important to bring representatives together to talk about fuel conservation, there’s a lot in Nunavut that’s happening here in Alaska."
“Some communities have access to routes so they are rarely Inuit in Nunavut communities.
"But like those of us who struggle, in terms of capacity, to work in communities, we can see similar challenges.”"
"Chris Roos, the executive director of renewable energy in Alaska, said the Alaska energy subsidy has helped drive renewable energy development."
“So we were able to build 80 communities that have been able to use renewable energy on top of oil in tea.
"So we think what we know now is how beneficial it is,” Roos said."
"This subsidy, which is designed to promote renewable energy development projects, and is helping Alaska to lower its energy costs."
"Roos said in southern Russia, five communities are working together to install wind turbines and use them to generate energy."
"“So there is now an integrated knowledge of how to manage and manage wind farms and they can help each other to develop,” Roos said."
"In Alaska, like Nunavut, home energy bills are high."
Roos said communities are using wind power not only for lighting but also for heating.
“What they’ve done is put small boilers into Inuit housing which are covered in diamonds that appear to be carpeting.
"When the wind is warmer, they go into the energy heat, and they have developed a small way of detecting heat and power plants,” Roos said."
"“These are environments that cause hot air pollution, which can keep warm."
"They can be shut off or burned in homes that fit them, and if they are stuck they can heat elsewhere.”"
"But in Greenland, the installation of wind turbines has been difficult, according to News Corp’s Eric Higgins, a technical expert on recycling in Nuuk."
"The high temperatures and long darkness make it difficult for wind gusts south to build in the Arctic, said Huggins."
"Higgins also said two wind transport installations were originally planned elsewhere in the north of Greenland, but they failed."
“And we can say that in Greenland we chose to release the resources they can use.
"Even the two wind gusts were created in 200 different locations to be inspected and a friend of 150 locations to be inspected,” she said."
"One of the wind blows fell, while on the other, the refuelling was too thick for the cold and damaged the engine, Huggins said."
"During the 2019 federal election campaign, three politicians said a vote on Nunavut’s fossil fuels would be phased out by 2030."
"While it may take some time to develop a renewable energy program that can be used in the Arctic, Hagibis said elimination of fossil fuels is an urgent matter."
"“We must do what we can to eliminate fossil fuels, climate change, because there is now a problem."
This is a legal issue because no fuel-efficient equipment is needed but there is no money.
"Financing a good job, she said."
Parra said it’s an interesting finding in conversation with Nunavut’s neighbouring communities in the Arctic.
"“I think that’s something else that he has to consider, in terms of how to start moving towards recycling."
Some people have used the equipment and have suffered from southern Canada’s incompetence but are unable to do so in the Arctic.
"So if we are financially capable we will be able to track down the problems that have arisen,” Parra said."
The Government of Nunavut must involve Inuit in the creation of the Education Act: NTI
“This is an important policy change that will affect hundreds of Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut”
"Aluki Kotierk, the president of Nunavut Tunngavik Inc., speaks during the committee’s legislative hearing on Bill 25, an Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act."
"By Aluki Kotierk, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc."
Subject: Minister Joanasie’s letter to Nunatsiaq News on Bill 25
"Minister Joanasie wrote in a letter released by Nunatsiaq News on Nov. 25, 2019 referring to discussions between the Department of Education and Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. on Bill 25, pointing out that these discussions were conducted in a spirit of mutual trust and offered NTI sufficient time to voice their concerns."
In the minister’s view, he invited NTI to the public hearings and NTI’s hearings, which the GN envisages working with him on previous hearings.
That’s not the case.
"Inuit have the right to Article 32 of the Nunavut Agreement as part of the development of social and cultural policies, as well as the development of social and cultural programs and services, including governance."
It’s a different foundation.
Bill 25 calls for amendments to the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act to lay down policies and the administration of Inuit language teaching.
That fundamental policy change will affect many people with children and Inuit children in Nunavut.
"Meanwhile, Inuit have the right to participate in the development and development of it."
NTI was not given the opportunity to participate in the development of policy proposals detailed in the proposed Bill 25.
"Not only does it violate the government’s mandate described in the Nunavut Agreement, it has in the past shown that efforts have been made to achieve a goal that better incorporates Inuit objectives and objectives."
"NTI has been working to develop legislation with the GN, such as the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Official Languages Act and the Wildlife Act."
"Knowing how to proceed, NTI contacted the premier and the newly elected government to manage the co-operation and co-operation of Inuit priorities, including education, language and culture."
"The Department of Education did not submit a legislative proposal to NTI until August 31, 2018, when the department submitted a list of planned community consultations."
NTI was given less than a week to review Bill 25 and prepare for a Nunavut-wide consultation tour.
That’s not a working relationship.
"The department did manage to get input from a very far-sighted perspective, and neither did the solution nor the space issues raised by Inuit, NTI and other organizations such as the DEA (DEA) and the Coalition of Nunavut District Education Authorities (CNDEA) were also present."
"I further urge the Minister of Education to keep the Nunavut Agreement’s clear mandate going to Article 32, and the department must manage it properly with due respect, effort and commitment and adoption of the honour of the Queen when it comes to partnering with Inuit."
"NTI’s belief that the redrafting of the Education Act to be carried out by Inuit is a key element in the project’s governance, as well as in the overall recognition of Inuit rights."
Aluki Kotierk
"President, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc."
