5th Assembly
Official Report
Monday, March 19, 2018
Pages 603 – 684
Speaker: The Honourable Joe Enook, M.L.A. Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Hon. Joe Enook
Charlie Audlakiak
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Ministers’ Statements 603
Members’ Statements 606
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery 614
Oral Questions 616
Tabling of Documents 638
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters 639
Report of the Committee of the Whole 681
Third Reading of Bills 682
Assent to Bills 683
Speaker’s Statement 683
Orders of the Day 684
Monday, March 19, 2018 603
046 – 5(1): Nunavut’s 2018 Youth Achievement Award (Quassa) 603
047 – 5(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing (Cambridge) 604
048 – 5(1): Red Seal Certification Program (Savikataaq) 604
049 – 5(1): New Funding for Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie) 605
050 – 5(1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Peterson) 606
096 – 5(1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Grandchild (Rumbolt) 606
097 – 5(1): Empowerment of Kitikmeot Youth (Qirngnuq) 606
098 – 5(1): Anti-Smoking Legislation (Letters) 607
099 – 5(1): Increase in Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 608
100 – 5(1): Concerns about Larga Boarding Home (Mikkungwak) 609
101 – 5(1): Congratulations to Rosalee Ejangiaq (Netser) 610
102 – 5(1): Bossie Mike’s Recognition of Canada Under 150 (Netser) 610
103 – 5(1): Budget Reflections (McLean) 610
104 – 5(1): Two More Elders Survivors for Care (Tootoo) 612
105 – 5(1): Acknowledgement of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteer Search and Rescue (Health) 613
106 – 5(1): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie) 614
123 – 5(1): Private Sector Legislation (Hickes) 616
124 – 5 (1): Status of Remediation Project in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 617
125 – 5(1): School Leave Policy (Letters) 618
126 – 5(1): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Nutarak) 619
127 – 5(1): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy (Netser) 620
128 – 5(1): Consultation with Patient Relations Office (Qirngnuq) 622
129 – 5(1): Income Support Policies (Tootoo) 623
130 – 5(1): Mine Training (Health) 624
131 – 5(1): Support for Hospital Staff (McLean) 626
132 – 5(1): Insurance Policy on Government Assets (Hickes) 629
133 – 5(1): Enhancement of Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 630
134 – 5(1): Grants and Contributions (McLean) 632
135 – 5(1): Compensation for Damage Compensation for Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 633
136 – 5(1): Early Childhood and Early Childhood Development (Hickes) 634
137 – 5(1): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts (McLean) 636
029 – 5(1): Letters and 2018 Annual Report from North Aero Mines Re: Mill Diamond Project (Family) 638
030 – 5(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four-Expenditure Garage (Netser) 638
031 – 5(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Runway Extension in Repulse Bay (Netser) 638
032 – 5(1): Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 639
033 – 5(1): Options under Supplementary Retiring Allowances (Speaker) 639
34 – 5 (1): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker) 639
015 – 5(1): Extension of Question Period (McLean) 632
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee 640
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 644
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 680
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Honourable David Akeeagok, Honourable Patterk Angnakak, Honourable Jeannie Iqaqrialu, Honourable Joe Enook, Mr. George Hickes, Honourable David Joanasie, Mr. Joel Kownirk, Mr. Meela Kamingoak, Mr. Pauloosie Keyootak, Honourable Quassa Kusugak, Mr. Adam Lightstein, Mr. Arlooktoo Main, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak, Mr. Margaret Nakashuk, Mr. Patterk Netser, Mr. Emiliano Qirngnuq, Honourable Paul Quassa, Mr. Allan Rumbolt, Honourable Joe Savikataaq, Honourable Elizabeth Sheutiapik, Mr. Qatsie Towoogie.
>>House commenced at 13:33
Speaker (Hon. Joe Enook) (interpretation): Mr. Quassa, can you say the opening prayer, please.
Speaker (interpretation): Good afternoon, Premier, members, Nunavummiut who are listening to the radio broadcast and watching the televised proceedings. Welcome to your committee.
We will proceed immediately to the orders of the day.
Premier of Nunavut, (interpretation ends) Premier Quassa.
046 – 5(1): Nunavut’s 2018 Youth Achievement Award (Quassa)
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good day to my fellow residents of Igloolik, my colleagues, and all Nunavummiut.
I would also like to congratulate my colleague, Donna Main-Kimaliarjuk, who will be receiving the 2018 Youth Abroad Award in Winnipeg.
This is the first time that this individual has become a medical professional.
Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was born in Chesterfield Inlet and is the first Inuk to have a heart attack...
This is the fourth year of a six-year program at the University of Ottawa.
Mr. Speaker, Lucie Kimmaliardjuk was able to be admitted in 2014 and she is the only one to have a physiotherapist in Canada.
In 2016, he became a member of the Aboriginal Affairs Council for HIV/AIDS, which represents Inuit.
When he was a member of the Standing Committee on Social Wellness, he promoted Inuit societal values.
Mr. Speaker, the Order of Nunavut represents the highest honour for indigenous peoples.
The Beneficiaries celebrate 25 years in 2018 and celebrate 350 indigenous peoples, Inuit, and Métis who promote success.
The award celebrates the cultural diversity of aboriginal peoples in Canada.
This year’s awards ceremony will take place on March 23 in Winnipeg.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Lucie Kimmaliardjuk on her recognition.
She has worked very hard to make sure that Inuit and health care professionals are able to take advantage of this opportunity to demonstrate to our youth in Nunavut.
I know that while I'm making my statement, I'm very proud of Dr. Kimmaliardjuk and I'm sure that he will work on this very important issue for us.
Minister of Justice, Ms. Elliot.
047 – 5(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing (Cambridge Bay)
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I rise today to speak about the cultural sewing program for the men at the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility.
These inmates are involved in the sealskin, sealskin, and other items such as pelts, sealskin pelts, pelts, pelts, pelts, pelts, and cookies.
Rosemary is a guy who is run by Sandy, a respected elder, and a seamstress who is world-renowned.
He recently travelled to Norway to teach about seal skins.
He was a student of Nunavut Arctic College’s Fur Production and Design Program and initiated the Fur Pricing Program with the Literacy Council of Nunavut.
Rosemary assisted inmates in providing culturally appropriate physical, safe, Inuit language and cultural healing programs.
The sewing program will work with and support the on-the-land programs. The inmates will learn how to hunt and how to prepare skins and meat properly.
The Fur and Sealskin Program will be used for the sewing program.
Programs such as this provide assistance to inmates in the community to reintegrate into the community at the end of their sentences and encourage them to take advantage of non-violent practices.
I recently visited the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility and I was very pleased to see the positive impact of the cultural programs, especially for the community elders like Rosemary Shawn.
Minister of Family Services, Mr. Savikataaq.
048 – 5(1): Red Ribbon Program Course (Savikataaq)
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I say "good day" to the people of Arviat and to the people of Arviat. Please be on time for the school.
Mr. Speaker, these are certified heavy equipment operators, heavy equipment operators, and mechanics.
In September 2016 the Heavy Equipment Operator Training Program consists of three components that were identified in the Nunavut Gazette.
This gives Nunavummiut the opportunity to take on the Nunavut Apprenticeship Program and certification programs that are known as the Apprenticeship Program.
In November of 2017, Nunavut was granted the certification of red tape for heavy equipment operators and heavy equipment operators.
As part of the Heavy Equipment Operator Program, this achievement demonstrates regional recognition and demonstrates their knowledge and ability to work in all parts of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that we have been able to promote Nunavut’s National Award for Excellence in Diplomatic Excellence in Nunavut.
Minister of Education, Mr. Joanasie.
049 – 5(1): New Funding for Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Good afternoon, my colleagues, residents of Cape Dorset and Kimmirut, as well as Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to announce today that the Department of Education will be providing O&M funding to eligible daycare facilities.
Mr. Speaker, there has been an increase in the results of the three-year action plan that my staff developed for early childhood education and child care, which was a two-phase agreement signed in September 2017 with the federal government.
Mr. Speaker, in the current fiscal year, we will see qualified childcare providers receive an increase in funding at a minimum price of $1,918.80, which is a maximum of $45,494.80, depending on the number, condition, and location of daycare centres.
As long as day cares do not increase the cost of childcare and additional costs, they will be eligible for similar funding in the next fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, this funding will not only help the daycare operators to cover their costs, it will also help to address family day care costs without increasing the costs.
Mr. Speaker, we are proud to be able to make this funding available to support daycares and families.
I also believe, and I am sure that we also believe that this funding will have a positive impact without changing all the funding and all the daycare costs.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Sheutiapik.
050 – 5(1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Chief)
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Good day, Nunavummiut and my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, the mining sector plays a key role in Nunavut’s economic development.
My department is committed to supporting the mining sector to ensure that Nunavut benefits from these activities.
Mr. Speaker, Canada will soon be in Iqaluit for the 21st Annual Nunavut Mining Symposium on April 9-12, 2018.
This conference provides an excellent opportunity for people to explore the new territory of Nunavut’s mineral exploration and mining sector to ensure that our communities are aware of and involved in the mining and exploration activities in Nunavut.
We are hopeful that this year’s mining symposium will continue to attract all Nunavummiut and we expect more than 400 participants.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to welcoming mines, Inuit organizations, exploration companies, community members, and other stakeholders to this important meeting.
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I encourage all members and the public to take part in this important public forum on April 11.
It’s not just an opportunity to get good results, but it has an impact on the search and rescue. Please respond to the question.
Members’ Statements. Member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
096 – 5(1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Granddaughter (Rumbolt)
Mr. Speaker, it has been five years since the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly rose to recognize my first grandchild. This is my first five years of grandchild.
Happy birthday, Jayden.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
097 – 5(1): Empowerment of Kitikmeot Youth (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
What I'm going to say is that it’s very good for the young people to think about the future and how they can work for the future.
I rise today to share some good news with my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to inform the House that the Inuit youth from the Kitikmeot region will be meeting in Cambridge Bay next week to bring the 2018 Kitikmeot Youth Abroad together.
Mr. Speaker, this gathering provides an opportunity for Kitikmeot youth to come together and discuss their priorities, concerns with youth.
It includes:
Mental Health;
Youth Centres;
Utilization;
The importance of Inuit experience in education, residential schools, reconciliation, and reconciliation; and
The preservation of the Inuit language and culture continues.
Mr. Speaker, participants from Taloyoak are:
Judy Karoo;
David Tungilik;
Harold Paniyuk;
Lorraine Ulikatalik; and
Crystal Mitchell.
The participants in Kugaaruk are:
Becky McKitok;
Lorenda Rose Arqviq Qirngnuq;
Christine Trianna Qirngnuq;
Chantel Kanayuk Qirngnuq; and
Pauline Illuitok.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in wishing them the best of luck in their success.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lighthizer.
098 – 5(1): Substance Abuse Legislation (Letters)
Mr. Lightning: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to raise concerns that have been brought to my attention by my constituents regarding the harmful effects of antibiotics legislation.
I just recently received a letter saying, "All of us here in Iqaluit are in a public housing unit this year.
Over the last couple of years, we have had to move smokers, the smell, the smoke coming into my house, and it’s very strong."
This letter reaffirms that, and I quote, “I am deeply concerned about the impact of the jet on their children. I put my children first and others in that situation."””
Mr. Speaker, as residents of Iqaluit and my family, we live in apartments.
Mr. Speaker, the smoke affects other people who don’t smoke.
For a long time, the anti-smoking campaign has been well known by the government and has been legislated to address the issue of non-smoking.
As a father, when we have children, I don’t want them to be affected by these types of diseases that include tobacco and antibiotics.
As my colleague from Pangnirtung noted, the member asked the Minister of Health about the potential health risks associated with antibiotics.
I have spoken to many of my constituents who share the same concerns.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that in situations like this, we have to try and balance out.
The federal government will be banning the use of anti-smoking in the next few months.
I would like to seek unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Lighthizer, please proceed.
Thank you, Members.
Under this legislation, elders will be able to possess and smoke antibiotics. However, the government will have to decide how it will regulate the use of antibiotics in the community.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet also noted last week that the government’s own research and results indicate that there are concerns about the agricultural and accessibility of public housing units and condominium units.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that when this legislation is introduced in the Legislative Assembly, it will be necessary to clarify these concerns and I look forward to reaching the best possible solution for my colleagues.
Before we proceed, you are aware that our colleague, Mr. Akoak, is not here due to illness.
Mr. Akoak, I hope you have a speedy recovery.
Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
099 – 5(1): Increase in Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say "hello" to the people of Baker Lake and all Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage our government to increase training opportunities in the community of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Baker Lake is a rapidly growing community and it will be very important that they take the time to provide more training and employment opportunities to support the community of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Piqqusilirivvik runs programs in Baker Lake.
This program can be expanded so that the public is more aware of and more aware of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, the idea of establishing a university in Nunavut has been expressed, and Agnico Eagle Mines has stated that they would be willing to provide such support if it were to go ahead.
I think the best way to put it in the middle of Nunavut is to put it in the middle of Canada as well.
Mr. Speaker, one of my colleagues stated that it’s very important that we take these things as soon as possible before they pass.
The government’s wheels rotate very slowly, but in spite of that, we need to encourage and encourage whenever anything comes up that’s available in front of us.
Mr. Speaker, this is the beginning of the fifth Assembly, and I, too, would like to see us move forward as we move forward.
Expanding training opportunities in communities such as Baker Lake would be a positive step forward.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
100 – 5(1): Concerns about Larga Boarding Home
Mr. Kamingoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good afternoon, colleagues, Kuglukturmiut, and Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage the government to improve oversight of the day-to-day operations of medical boarding homes.
Mr. Speaker, my constituents have brought forward a number of concerns and it seems to have been a long time ago.
There are food problems and disposable waste that have been damaged for months.
Mr. Speaker, it is important that the government ensures that the services that are paid to Nunavummiut are actually delivered.
I understand that the boarding homes have to have a lot of billets every day but it is also very important that even though that is the case they have to be comfortable and well taken care of.
Mr. Speaker, it is unclear if boarding homes will be included in the review of the Medical Travel Policy.
I look forward to seeing the results of the review and recommendations to improve the quality of services and the status of the boarding homes.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
101 – 5(1): Congratulations to Rosalee Ejangiaq
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation) I rise today to congratulate Rosalee Ejangiaq of Repulse Bay.
He has already completed a young person’s education, but he has worked very hard. He has been recognized and awarded the Horizon Elder’s National School Award.
Mr. Speaker, the Horizon Senior Citizen of Canada’s Guarantee Scholarship, or Scholarships, or Scholarships, or Scholarships, or Scholarships, or Scholarships, or Scholarships.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ms. Ejangiaq for her courage and commitment to continuing her education.
Many of our young people are struggling and facing challenges in completing their post-secondary education.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on his achievement. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
102 – 5(1): Possie Mike’s Recognition under 150 Canada
Mr. Nakasuk: Thank you.
Good afternoon, my colleagues, my family, and the people of Pangnirtung.
I rise this afternoon to congratulate a constituent of mine from Pangnirtung who was recognized by Dennis Patterson.
I would also like to pay tribute to the 18 years of volunteer search and rescue service in Pangnirtung, Bosie Mike, who has been working for the search and rescue team for 18 years.
The last name on my list is the Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
103 – 5(1): Budget Reflections (McLean)
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say "good day" to the people who are watching the proceedings.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer some observations and recommendations regarding the government’s financial management practices.
Mr. Speaker, those of us who are new to this House over the last couple of weeks have learned a lot from them.
Mr. Speaker, as the Chair of the Regular Members’ Caucus of the Legislative Assembly, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of my colleagues for the opportunity to work together since the beginning of the new Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of the fact that we made a strong public statement on Friday that the Legislative Assembly will no longer accept the need for the government to respect its own procurement rules.
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. My colleague from Iqaluit-Tasiluk made a very important motion on Friday and we will resume the session of the Legislative Assembly at the spring sitting.
Mr. Speaker, although we are a territorial government, this is not always working, it has the strength to do so.
For example, as I noted in my opening comments last week during the review of Nunavut Arctic College’s capital estimates, the government listened to our concerns and even made significant changes to the budget.
I look forward to seeing more of this happening in the coming weeks and years, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, over the past few weeks, members have asked a lot of questions on a daily basis.
I think it’s quite obvious that we need to do more research on government spending.
It’s not enough if we just audit the amount of money that is going out.
I would like to ask for unanimous consent to conclude my statement, Mr. Speaker.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Main, please proceed.
Ms. Main: Thank you.
Mr. Speaker, I'm talking about examples of these trends.
Mr. Speaker, this information needs to be made public in the Legislative Assembly so that we, as elected officials, can make informed decisions on whether or not any of the funds that are required should be increased, reduced, or disposed of, or removed from the program because of the lack of other sources of funding.
Mr. Speaker, I will give you some examples.
I think we can all agree that the government’s administration of the tax credit for hunters is lacking in the support that is provided to hunters.
The Department of Environment, which administers the government’s Harvester Support Program, needs to carefully review its programs and how it can improve its targets for harvesters to support the cost of fuel.
Mr. Speaker, I will also use another example of the government’s grants and contributions program.
We know that the government has spent a lot of money on promotion and promotion.
We know how much money has been borrowed from commercial enterprises.
We know who received the funding.
We don’t know what the actual purpose of this money was.
We don’t know how many Inuit were hired from that fund and we don’t know what that money was used for.
Mr. Speaker, as you know, I can’t speak for a long time, but I will stop there.
I would like to add that I look forward to the budget process in the Legislative Assembly and I would like to take this opportunity to work closely with all of my colleagues to strengthen our budget in support of all communities and constituents.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
104 – 5(1): Two More Elders Survivors for Care (Tootoo)
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The residents of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet, I rise today to pay tribute to our oldest elder, Annie Tatty, who is travelling to Ottawa on scheduled flights.
As well, one of our oldest elders, Amarok, when I stood up in the House today, is being sent to Gjoa Haven because there is no elder in Rankin Inlet.
I would like to inform the people of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet.
When I was elected in November, I was looking at the business plan and I asked a question on the top of health. Where are the plans for the implementation of an elders facility in Rankin Inlet or in Nunavut?
I was told by the Minister of Health and Social Services that all of us as Members of the Legislative Assembly feel very strongly about our elders.
During the Pond Inlet session, this issue will be brought up.
I'm waiting.
A couple of days ago, I rose in the House to talk about the capital estimates and I didn’t see it. It’s set aside for elders’ facilities.
I was told that I don’t have to talk about this because I have to stop.
However, I was grateful to our chairperson, Allan Rumbolt, for allowing me to continue to express my feelings towards the elders’ facility.
I rise today as an elected official to express my dissatisfaction.
Sending elders out of the territory is not acceptable.
In order to be a good MLA, we want to be a good government and we have told the elders that we should be proud of them, and we send them out of the territory.
Member for Amittuq, Mr. Kownirk.
105 – 5(1): Acknowledgement of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteer Search and Rescue (Health)
Knowing (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thought I was forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to again express my pride in my fellow residents.
The search and rescue teams work very hard when there is a search and rescue operation.
They only use their own mode of transportation.
I rise today to congratulate the community of Hall Beach’s search and rescue team: Chair Kyle Issigaitok, vice-chairperson George Innuksuk, and Director Martha Gibbons Tupik, when they have to go out on the land, Daniel Qaunaq.
Our elder, Abraham Ullulaq, is an elder.
He is the first person to go out on the land to do search and rescue. He is an elder and I am young.
We should continue to provide support to our youth because our elders tell us the truth.
We don’t think they’re going to be the future.
Now I'm here. I'm always disappointed, but if I'm listening again.
If you’re going out on the land, make sure that you have a safe trip.
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to recognize the people of Igloolik who had a search and rescue meeting this week in Hall Beach and I would like to wish them a safe trip.
With that being the case, Mr. Speaker, if you’re going to be travelling on a SPOT device, please ask the elders if I go anywhere.
Things like that.
The reason why I rise today is to reiterate that the search and rescue organizations have one snowmobile and they have repeatedly requested to the Department of Community and Government Services and they have never received a response.
I would like to urge the search and rescue organizations to provide more support.
That’s it.
The last name on the list, Member for South Baffin, Mr. Joanasie.
106 – 5(1): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
In Cape Dorset, they will be using the Sam Pudlat School and anyone will be welcomed to learn how to play music or to write songs.
I would like to recognize the choir for their excellent singing, and I would like to thank them for allowing me to go to Cape Dorset, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, and the Hamlet of Cape Dorset.
There are none.
Member for Quttiktuq, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize four individuals in the Gallery.
First of all, I would like to recognize the Director of National Parks in Nunavut, Jenna Burn, and her staff, and also my wife, Carol Akeeagok.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank my sister, Naomi Kirkuk.
I would also like to recognize an employee who is here for the students that are here. She is our daughter and she is always attending school in our daughter. I am very proud of her and I would like to welcome Jayden Natanine.
I would like to give a brief overview.
When I was a child, I was still a child...
...It was my first time in a lake.
I don’t think there were too many seals that were caught in the lake, but we were there on a very small island.
They were very helpful and they were my grandparents.
I would like to thank them for being able to come here.
Mr. Uttak and your officials, welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My parents in Ukkusiksalik, although my mother is now a park, were given pictures. I recognize all of you and we are grateful to our eldest.
Also, from Igloolik, I used to stay with Teresa Uttak, who gave me a tea room, and Louie Uttak. Thank you for providing a very good food and I will be staying with you again.
Thank you very much.
Welcome to the Gallery.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Mr. Kamingoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naomi Kirkuk Kudluarok and Carol Akeeagok, they are my relatives.
From Naomi from Grise Fiord, I don’t have relatives all day long.
Please feel welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize and congratulate my husband, Andrew Nakashuk.
Please welcome him to the Gallery.
Mr. Nakasuk, welcome to our Legislative Assembly.
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery. I have no more names on my list.
We will move on in our orders of the day.
We will start with the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
123 – 5(1): Private Sector Legislation (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in the last two weeks and weeks to encourage our guardians to receive training in a more consistent manner.
I would like to ask the minister if this government will be introducing legislation to deal with the issue of seismic testing.
Minister of Justice, Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker and I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
To date, the Government of Nunavut does not have a code of conduct for the intelligence officer.
Our department is aware of the need for companies to provide security services in our communities, such as health centres.
We are currently evaluating the policy development of the Nunavut Business Credit Corporation.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As the minister is saying, one of the last jurisdictions in Canada that doesn’t have a private vest, we want to make sure that they have the right to be accountable to the private sector.
All of the departments have brought forward legislation on this issue.
My next question is: when they’re reviewing the policy, will there be a legislative proposal brought forward to the House?
Mr. Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Mr. Hickes, yes, we can work on developing policies or regulations for the Business Incentive Policy.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Hickes.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his commitment.
Mr. Speaker, at this point in time, I would just like to say that the Department of Justice is monitoring the enforcement of the RCMP and the enforcement of the guards. Does the Department of Community and Government Services work with the Department of Community and Government Services to coordinate the contract?
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Policies or policies are prepared by the Department of Justice or any other department. When they draft policies, our department tries to involve them from the beginning.
I don’t have that information in front of me, but I will look into it and get back to you.
Question 124 – 2 (1): Status of Remediation Project in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
I have asked these questions to the minister last week in regard to not cleaning up the contaminated site in Baker Lake.
In one of the answers that we didn’t provide to me, the minister indicated that the “final report” was prepared and submitted to the Qulliq Energy Corporation.”"”
Will the minister commit to providing a copy of this report to both the Hamlet Council of Baker Lake and as the MLA for the community?
Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation, Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, Mr. Mikkungwak, I can commit to doing that.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
One of the things that the minister has brought up is the possibility of working with the Baker Lake Hamlet Council to clean up the remaining one. Mr. Speaker, I would be pleased to share that good news with the Hamlet of Baker Lake when I return to the community next week. I will encourage the hamlet staff to meet with the Qulliq Energy Corporation officials.
Mr. Speaker, I don’t think it would be possible to do that because the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s storage facility is located in Baker Lake.
The minister indicated that the Qulliq Energy Corporation has already spent $1.68 million to date on the clean-up.
Can he clarify how much it would cost to clean up the remaining one?
Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The total cost of the clean-up would be approximately $10 million. The Power Corporation, as I mentioned earlier, is responsible for the damage caused by the creation of Nunavut and the federal government is responsible for the clean-up.
We are committed to working with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean up the contaminated site.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Speaker, in my last question last week, the federal government or the Government of Nunavut hasn’t finalized the rates yet.
Mr. Speaker, I support the fact that the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s position on the issue of damages occurred during the time it was under the jurisdiction of the federal government.
Will the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation commit to working with the Minister of Justice to review and clarify the legal options that may be open to this issue?
Hon. Jeannie Iqaqrialu (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, as the Minister of Energy and the Department of Justice, we will work together to resolve this issue.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lighthizer.
125 – 5(1): School Leave Policy
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Public Service Act.
In previous years, the most recent annual report of the Public Service of Nunavut indicated that a significant number of individuals took advantage of the attendance leave program.
Unfortunately, the 2016-17 annual report did not include this information.
Will the minister commit to providing this information to the House?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
It seems like he wants us to go through that annual report and I'm sure that it will be tabled throughout the year.
I will look into the member’s request to see if it’s going to be there.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Lighthizer.
I would just like to ask the minister if he could provide that information to the House as to how many employees took advantage of the 2016-17 school year.
Mr. Akeeagok.
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you. (interpretation ends) The question has been taken as notice.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakasuk.
126 – 5(1): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today are for the Minister of Community and Government Services.
I have asked the minister about the old Pangnirtung Health Centre that is no longer in use after the new health centre was opened.
The old health centre has not been used for a long time, but it has been closed for a long time.
My question to the minister is: does the minister know what’s going to be happening with the old health centre?
Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank my colleague for asking that question.
When the old buildings that were occupied by the government are no longer being used, it becomes a question to the department that manages the buildings and whether they want to use them for other government departments.
The old health centre was built in 1975 in Pangnirtung and it went through that process.
The Health Department doesn’t want to use it anymore.
We did consult with different government departments and we didn’t hear any requests for that.
Based on the government’s procedures, we are now in the process of making plans for the hamlet council to see if they would like to see a correctional facility.
If they didn’t want it, then we would go back to the non-profit communities.
That’s the route that the government uses.
That’s where we’re at right now.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
If I understand correctly, they have been asked if the communities would like to take over. What is the status of that?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We haven’t heard from the government that they want it.
At this time, we are in the planning stages to see if the hamlet would like to get that funding. We have reached that stage and we are planning to see if the hamlet would like to get that funding.
That’s where we’re at right now.
Your final supplementary, Ms. Nakasuk.
I thank the minister for his response.
I don’t know if the hamlet would be interested, but if it couldn’t go from there, what happens to the government’s buildings that are no longer being used?
Thank you for asking that question.
There are over four obstacles that we face.
For example, the old Pangnirtung Health Centre was no longer wanted by the Department of Health and Social Services. We asked if it was wanted by other government departments.
We will look into it to see if the hamlet wants it.
That is what we use when we go through that process.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
127 – 5(1): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker, I'm a seal.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
I would first like to say "good afternoon" to my constituents. Since I have been here since I haven’t had a good afternoon, I say "good afternoon" to them.
We will be going home very soon.
Mr. Speaker, it is regrettable that some of Nunavut’s most vulnerable individuals have to travel south for treatment while they are strangely away from their families.
I agree with you that when you visit a family, it changes drastically.
The Department of Family Services’ Client Travel Policy is on the government’s website dated June 2013 and came into effect on March 31, 2018.
It has come to my attention that the former Minister of Family Services has committed to making changes to the department’s Client Travel Policy.
Can the minister indicate if any changes to the department’s Client Travel Policy have been made since 2013 and, if not, will they make changes beyond March 31 of this year?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I can’t speak to the former minister, but I can say that the policy will be in place until the end of March 2018 and it will remain in place until a new policy is changed.
I haven’t heard from any of the officials in the Department of Family Services that they’re looking at changing the policy.
If there are any changes that need to be made, we can look at it, but we can’t make any changes to the recommendations.
If there seems to be a need for a change that is going to be beneficial to the clients and the government we can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker and thank you, Minister.
The Department of Family Services’ Client Travel Policy states that an elder who is in the care of a social worker can visit two family members or their caregivers on an annual basis.
Can the minister clarify whether or not this policy has been amended to allow for two visits per year to be conducted on a regular basis?
Two return tickets, two trips at the same time or one visit twice.
Just to be clear on the two returns one, two return tickets per year per possession.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Will the minister commit to considering changes to the family travel for adults who are in foster care?
The policy will be expiring very soon and at the end of the day, I can’t commit right now until we review the whole policy.
I'm sure there will be a review done on all the travel costs that are paid by the Department of Family Services for medical travel.
We will have to work with the Department of Health to make sure that the policies are being adhered to, but at this time, I can’t commit to anything else because the travel policy is going to be expiring.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
128 – 5(1): Consultation with Patient Relations Office (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Mr. Speaker, from time to time, a number of my constituents have come to my office in my community to seek assistance in dealing with their health issues.
The minister often told me and even this week, he made a phone call that Nunavummiut can call the patient relations office if they have any concerns.
Mr. Speaker, the language and where you live is the language, it creates barriers.
Can the minister tell us what other avenues the patient relations office can be consulted?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
Hon. Pat Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand your concern and we try to encourage people to call the toll-free number so that you can get a quick response.
At this time, I don’t have the information in front of me, but it also has an electronic case management system.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I don’t know if he answered my question, so I'll rephrase my question.
Mr. Speaker, the Information and Privacy Commissioner has raised a number of concerns with respect to privacy issues, and I understand that there is a need to carefully address the issue of access to information in the event of a criminal offence.
The ombudsman has a form that outlines complaints or concerns.
However, if you don’t have a fax machine, you can’t send them on their own, and they don’t have all the computers to take pictures that will be sent on the Internet.
Can the minister clarify why the patient relations office is not allowed to receive faxes?
An Hon. Member: Good question.
Ms. Angnakak.
That’s a very good question.
I think it’s because the bandwidth is decreasing out there as we move forward with the technology as a government, we’re using more computer hardware than the papers.
According to my substantiation sheet, the government has a website that can be seen at www.patientrelations@gov.nu.ca. They all have health centres.
If you want to fax out forms, you can send them out and the government liaison officers have staff in all the communities.
They can be faxed to our headquarters.
If the patient relations office didn’t have faxes, I would be able to find out why.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
129 – 5(1): Income Support Policies (Tootoo)
Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to follow up on some of the questions that were asked by the Member for Kugluktuk in regard to income support.
The minister indicated that the Income Support Program that the department will be signing a program application, is part of a successful program selection process.
Can the minister clarify how the search for a proper selection process would be directed without a mandate?
Minister of Family Services, Mr. Savikataaq.
In regard to the report that the minister made on improving the selection process, I would think that if there’s no job available, yes, it doesn’t matter, but sometimes they have a very short job to do.
If it’s appropriate for the department to go to the appropriate department, then they can get a job.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Towtongie.
Income support is a policy and not a policy of the Government of Nunavut.
If it was a policy like a carving we wouldn’t be able to change it as Members of the Legislative Assembly.
What I see is that when there’s no workload for a young person and they want them to sign an unemployed person on a monthly basis, they’re doing that on a monthly basis and they’re doing that on a monthly basis and they’re doing that on a monthly basis, so it’s embarrassing and it’s very embarrassing, even though the income support recipient has pulled out on top of the job.
Can the minister clearly describe what kinds of Nunavut-specific policies can be developed for the smaller communities?
He is acting like a model that doesn’t apply to Nunavut in the north.
The policy is for Nunavut only.
This program is only used outside of Nunavut.
The Income Support Program was reviewed and the policy was changed.
At this time, there is a lot of money available for income support recipients and the Child Benefit Supplement that is taken out of the Nunavut Income Support Program was reviewed and changed.
They signed the contract and they will be looked at again and I share their feelings.
If you don’t have a job, you won’t be able to get a job. However, we have to make sure that the benefits are properly selected. However, we will look into this issue.
130 – 5(1): Mine Training
Knowledge (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to direct my question to the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that when mining companies are trying to create jobs and if they are responsible for the environment, they create economic opportunities.
I would like to direct my question to the minister. I would like to direct my question to the minister in regard to the apprenticeship program.
Last year, you tabled the 2017-18 main estimates for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which included $200,000 in funding for the Nunavut Mine Training Program.
Can the minister provide an update on how much funding has been expended for the 2017-18 fiscal year?
Mr. Speaker, I hope I was understandable.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank the member for his question.
What I can say is that it doesn’t list all of the mine training.
The department is working with the Department of Family Services, Nunavut Arctic College, the federal government, our mining industry, and Inuit organizations to develop a number of programs to prepare Nunavummiut for opportunities in the mining sector. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Knowledge.
Kownirk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I wonder if the Department of Finance will be increasing or decreasing the budget for the 2018-19 fiscal year.
Minister Sheutiapik.
I can’t respond to that question at this time, but I'm sorry if I can go back to the member’s question about how the $200,000 has been spent.
The Kitikmeot Corporation received $61,000 for this project, as well as the Qikiqtani Inuit Association Literary Program for the Baffin region, $60,000, and the Arviat Hamlet Employment Preparedness Program, $78,000 for heavy equipment training.
Thank you for clarifying my question.
Mr. Speaker, as you may have noted last week, a group of mines named Arctic Eric Mines brought me to the table.
They are going to be doing a drilling near Hall Beach this spring.
I wonder if the minister and the Department of Economic Development and Transportation can work with Arctic Air, not just the mining companies, to see what kind of training opportunities they can provide to the people of my community or the High Arctic.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to add that Hall Beach is a small community and there is going to be a lot of money spent on mining. I would like to thank the minister for his response.
You also stated that you will be providing support to the mining companies.
Mr. Speaker, what I'm trying to ask is: will you be able to ensure that the funding that you mentioned, for example, for the Mary River project?
There is the Mary River project in the Baffin region, Kivalliq region, gold projects, and in the Kitikmeot region, they’re dealing with gold projects.
Will these be properly addressed?
For example, as an Inuk, if I want to get a higher education, how can I be trained and how can the Department of Economic Development and Transportation provide assistance?
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would like to thank the member for asking a very good question because the Department of Economic Development and Transportation is not responsible for that.
I think it’s important to recognize that the mining industry varies from industry to industry. I think it’s important to recognize that there are different types of mining that are being developed.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Oral Questions.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
131 – 5(1): Support for Hospital Staff
Ms. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Let me start by saying that my question is related to many communities, not just my community.
I think it’s a Nunavut-wide issue, especially for our nurses and the people who work at the health centres.
Mr. Speaker, if the nurses know that they’re overworked, it’s one of the reasons why they’re overworked in English because there’s too much work to be done by the nurse.
The reason why we don’t have enough staff is because we don’t have enough staff and we don’t have enough staff to fill those positions.
It’s quite obvious that this causes a lot of problems.
I hope I was understandable because I'm speaking in Inuktitut and I hope you understood me.
Let me say it in English. (interpretation ends) Mr. Speaker, the number of positions in the department is increasing due to a lack of staff and the number of positions in the department is increasing.
My question for the minister: can the minister tell the House what steps his department has taken to provide additional support to health centre staff in the communities who have a lot of work to do?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
I thank the member for that very important question.
The issue of staffing at the health centre is very important and we have been working very hard as a department to make sure that we don’t have enough staff at the health centre.
I hope that’s the case, but we don’t have enough.
I know that there is a lot of arms on the nurses.
Our department does what it can and does what it can.
We just did that in the community, when the nurse was tired, we sent additional nurses to support them.
With that information, the nurse sends a nurse out if there is too much work to be done.
In the case of nurses, whether it’s vacation or sickness, when the nurse is in that situation, we look at where they can get an escort from one community to another.
In terms of the recruitment of nurses, we don’t want to see a decrease in the number of nurses that are providing health care in Nunavut.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Maine.
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his response.
I think we’re all concerned about the department’s staffing statistics. For example, in my two communities, it’s obvious that there are too many vacant positions in the health centres.
We have a vacancy rate of 70 percent in Arviat of 44 percent.
I know that it’s a challenge and it’s a challenge.
I would now like to ask the minister if he could describe some of the challenges that his department faces in ensuring that there are adequate staff at community health centres that are always very busy.
Minister Angnakak.
After 30 months, we can’t take care of them when they’re trained and it’s not new. It’s very hard to be a nurse in the community.
We have to look at how we provide support to the communities. We have been working very hard to resolve this issue.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Maine.
I thank the minister for his response.
In other words, Mr. Speaker, we know that there are problems in the communities. There is always a lot of work to do and there is always a shortage of staff at the health centres.
I would like to get clarification on exactly what is being done to address the problems in the communities. What is being done and what is the view of the people who are experiencing these problems in the communities?
What measures are being taken to ensure that our nurses and other health care professionals are being supported by the department?
Hon. Pat Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Just to be clear but I don’t have a list of operations.
For example, if we’re open for emergencies, they can’t make appointments when they’re too busy or if there’s too many nurses that have gone out for whatever reason.
In our department, as I said earlier, we’re trying to fill all the positions and it’s very challenging because we’re competing with the rest of Canada.
That’s what we’re trying to do. I know that they work with people from the north who have experience in the north, not just in the north but in northern Manitoba.
I know that the Department of Health and Social Services is well aware of what our nurses are doing.
It’s not an easy thing to do, but I have to work on it and if you have any ideas, please let me know.
132 – 5(1): Insurance Policy on Government Assets (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Finance.
As we all know, Mr. Speaker, every community in Nunavut has a wide range of infrastructure, such as airport terminals, health centres, schools, and office space.
My question to the minister is: when it comes to insurance, is that infrastructure one-on-one or is it on a case-by-case basis based on needs?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Our insurance premiums vary depending on what the infrastructure is.
Each of our infrastructure has different policies and some of them don’t even have policies. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I recently saw on the news that some of our communities were trying to get another school burned down.
The Department of Finance and the Department of Finance are trying to resolve the issue of infrastructure with adequate insurance coverage. We learned that our own bill for Arctic Bay is $10 million.
What impact will it have on the insurance industry if there is another fire in the school? (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Today, for insurance, there’s a $10 million increase to $20 million for schools that have experienced fires.
We continue to encourage the Department of Education and all of us to make sure that these things are very expensive and it’s unfortunate that they’re trying to burn them.
I think we all have to try and show that we can continue to work on safety issues. We have to make sure that we’re doing a better job because we have to show that our own expenses are increasing and that we have our own insurance coverage. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Yes, I understand that I'm scared of the fact that there are communities that have insurance coverage for half of the costs.
I asked a question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
This new $20 million is for school fires.
Schools and other buildings have to pay $1 million themselves.
There are different things.
I cannot say how many schools would have to be burned down, they are no longer insured.
I hope that we don’t have a fire in this government and I appreciate the fact that all Members of the Legislative Assembly have to keep pushing for it because it’s a school for our children and the public...
Not only for the schools, but also for the health centres, these are very important services that we provide.
Any damage is a challenge to our clients and I would like to continue to push for these buildings.
So, Mr. Speaker, a reminder.
It’s a public building. It’s a public building. It’s a public building. It’s a public building. It’s a public building. It’s a public building.
I applaud the member for bringing this issue to the House. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
133 – 5(1): Expansion of Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
I would like to direct my questions to the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, as I noted in my Member’s Statement, the fifth Legislative Assembly of Nunavut has the opportunity to take a new step towards a brighter future for Nunavut.
Can the minister tell the House if he would be willing to reopen the idea of establishing a university in your community in partnership with the private sector and others?
Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College, Mr. Joanasie.
I thank the Member for Baker Lake for his question.
With respect to Nunavut Arctic College, we put out a request for proposals from different universities outside of Nunavut to see how we can work together.
We have heard from various organizations, such as Agnico-Eagle, that they want to establish a university for Nunavut.
We have wanted this to go ahead, but to date, we have been trying to come up with an agreement with other entities outside of Nunavut.
I believe that we need to provide funding for education and training to increase the number of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit in the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School.
I feel that Baker Lake would be a great place for expansion.
Can the minister clarify whether she and her officials have had discussions with the board of governors of Nunavut Arctic College to focus on opportunities for higher education to be delivered in Nunavut?
Mr. Joanasie.
At Nunavut Arctic College, we would like to see more opportunities for Nunavummiut to take post-secondary education in their communities. One of the things that we have been increasingly aware of is the Internet access program.
One of the things that the member mentioned is how we can expand the programs that we can offer at that time.
Yes, the college’s board of governors will be involved, along with my staff, the president of Nunavut Arctic College, and the vice-president of the college. They will be preparing their plans to move forward on this issue.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation) I recognize that the previous government approved a recommendation that Nunavut Arctic College should not be tabled at that time.
Will the minister commit to revisiting this issue and report back to the House on his findings?
Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Mikkungwak for the question.
The option of building a university in Nunavut is widely considered by the public.
Agnico Eagle has also been able to come up with $5 million to build a new university if there is a demand here.
I think the discussions are still ongoing.
In the next four years, I don’t know if we’re going to want to go through that route. Once the feasibility study is done, that would be part of the review.
Members will note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Maine.
015 – 5(1): Extension of Question Period (McLean)
Pursuant to Rule 39 (7), I move, seconded by the Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that question period be extended. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The motion is in order and the motion is not debatable.
All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
Opposed.
As a result, we have extended oral questions for 30 minutes starting from now.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
134 – 5(1): Grants and Contributions
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
I rise today to talk about the Department of Environment’s support programs for hunters and I would like to know how they benefit our hunters.
In reviewing the government’s main estimates for 2017-18, there are three main items.
Let me speak in English so that I can make it clear that there are three grants that the Department of Environment administers for disaster compensation, the Wildlife Damage Compensation Program, and the Fur Pricing Program.
The department has been allocated $150,000 for this year.
Mr. Speaker, I would first like to ask if the minister can describe how his department evaluates the effectiveness of its programs in managing these programs.
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
It’s three times a year and you just recently put out a tender at the beginning of March. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Maine.
I thank the minister for his response.
Mr. Speaker, the information that has been provided to the House in recent years is something that I really wanted to see, and I think it’s something that the hunters and trappers need to see.
In 2011, the Department of Environment reported that the Fur Pricing Program went to an auction of $800,000.
In 2012, it was $1.1 million and in 2013, it was $1.04 million.
Mr. Speaker, can the minister provide us with an update on the sealing strategy this year? I would like to get the latest information from this year or last year to see if it’s still a good investment.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation) I have a copy of your reading.
I can’t say where they are at right now because I don’t have the latest bids.
I can tell you that after the Aqsarniit Middle School sales have increased, I'm sure that will be the case, and at that time, we will be able to find out when the auction of sealskins is going to be held. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Maine.
I also thank the minister.
This will be my final question, Mr. Speaker.
I wonder if the Department of Environment can consider providing more funding to our hunters so that they can provide more support.
With respect to fox pelts, we are well aware of that as Nunavummiut.
I believe that the funding that is used for one year is too small, Mr. Speaker.
I think it’s too small.
I would like to ask the minister if he agrees with me and if he can look into this in the coming months.
I agree with you and I look forward to tabling that increase in the House if you will support it.
135 – 5(1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
Mr. Speaker, as we are all aware, in Nunavut, hunters are very damaged, especially by polar bears. They destroy their cabins and their equipment is totally obsolete and their snowmobiles are destroyed.
Mr. Speaker, there is usually a compensation program for damages, but it’s very difficult to replace the damaged equipment.
Has the funding for damaged property been depleted this year?
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
I'm sorry, I didn’t hear all of them.
Can he repeat his question?
Speaker (interpretation): Please rephrase your question, Mr. Keyootak.
Our equipment, snowmobiles, and cabins are damaged by polar bears, especially when we are away from them.
We all know that there are compensation programs for damages that have occurred during our abandonment.
My question was have these current year’s budget for damages already been expended?
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you for clarifying that.
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
The minister said that he would respond once he has that information.
Can the minister indicate which communities in the Baffin, Kivalliq, and Kitikmeot regions have been used for this program?
Yes, I will provide the breakdown.
136 – 5(1): Early Childhood and Early Childhood Development (Hickes)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Education.
This afternoon, the Minister of Education indicated that all licensed childcare facilities will be able to receive additional licences based on their location.
I'm just wondering how much they’re looking at providing to licensed daycare facilities.
Minister responsible for the Housing Corporation, Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
The Department of Education’s cabinet approved a multi-year agreement for a three-year term. Three years later, it’s broken down into four different categories.
If I'm asking you to be clear on how much it costs, operations and maintenance in the amount of $1.1 million per year, it’s broken down by that year.
That’s the numbers that I have.
I thank the minister for that explanation.
Mr. Speaker, when I look at the Child Day Care Act in Nunavut, section 17 of the Early Childhood Education Act, it states that all employees who provide day-to-day child care services must be fully trained. This is one of the expectations that I have.
Mr. Speaker, I know that the Early Childhood Education Program is being delivered by Nunavut Arctic College.
I'm just wondering: are they monitored to see if they’re doing their job properly?
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank Mr. Hickes.
Training is part of the agreement for a three-year term.
The $1.1 million is outside of the O&M budget.
We would like to get more certified teachers in the early childhood education program.
We want to increase the number of apprentices and we will be looking forward to that in the next three years.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I look forward to getting that information to the House on a regular basis.
When I look at the daycare staff and the curriculum that is available, I keep hearing that when the staff are trained, it seems like they are more effective in training.
Mr. Speaker, I also hear concerns about the low-income child care workers who work in daycare centres.
When it comes to providing the same level of education to our children in early childhood, it is very important to ensure that there is no such thing as a stable workforce.
The purpose of the grants and contributions is to help the daycare workers make better wages so that they can work there as full-time employees, rather than working there.
I agree wholeheartedly with Mr. Hickes and I understand and agree with him that we want children to be well prepared. We want them to have a good education and to succeed in life before they enter the school system.
That’s what we’re trying to do and that’s what we’re trying to do to provide support to daycare workers.
One of the agreements that we have with the parents is that as long as they don’t increase the cost of providing daycare services, I think we can do what we can to make sure that the staff at the daycare are paid effectively to meet their needs.
What we’re trying to do right now is to have daycare workers in all of Nunavut.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
137 – 5(1): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts (McLean)
On Friday, March 16, I asked the Minister of Community and Government Services about this issue and I also asked the minister for more information on this issue.
The Inuit employment rate is the highest in the government.
Mr. Speaker, the minister and I seem to agree that he was in support of increasing Inuit employment.
Is this 20 percent related to the work that was done on the Baffin Correctional Centre and the docking facilities in Iqaluit and Pond Inlet?
If I understood you correctly, Mr. Speaker, these are 20 percent and 15 percent.
Can the minister provide an update on how the department can change the number of bids to increase the number of bids and whether or not the department has the authority to do so?
Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
I think the member understands that when it’s being dealt with by the Department of Community and Government Services, the Department of Community and Government Services assists the departments that are going to be doing the tendering.
If it’s going to be a docking facility, the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, if we’re talking about a correctional facility, the Department of Justice.
We work with the contractors to make sure that the contracts are adhered to. We provide assistance to them because we don’t have any control over that.
We work with the client departments and they try to determine how many Inuit can be employed.
We try to make sure that we don’t over-expenditures because we try to make sure that we don’t over-expenditures and we work with the departments.
At this time, I can’t say that after the tender has been released, I don’t think it’s possible to change it, Mr. Speaker.
That’s my question.
If there’s a change in the tendering process, if it’s impossible, then I wonder if there’s going to be other programs that will be made available to Inuit.
Can the Department of Community and Government Services work on this?
I hope I was understandable, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister tell me, perhaps, and tell the House why employees from other communities, when they want to work in the construction of a new public housing unit, can employees from Nunavut also receive the same benefits as employees from outside of Nunavut?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the member for that question.
Mr. Speaker, the NNI Contracting Appeals Board conducts an evaluation of the issues and sets out the Inuit labour content requirements:
the scope of work;
Inuit available to work on the basis of their qualifications;
There are other community-based programs that could affect the availability of Inuit employment.
Mr. Speaker, we encourage contractors in the communities to hire local workers from the regions before they can hire outside of Nunavut.
That’s why we encourage people who come to Nunavut to look for staff.
We encourage that.
As well, we work very closely with our client departments to achieve these goals.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Maine.
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker, and I thank the minister for that answer.
This will be my last question. I would like the minister to commit to working with his department on major projects.
Will the minister commit to working with the service providers in those departments to ensure that job opportunities are created and that Inuit are able to apply for employment in construction projects from outside of the communities, from the regions, from Nunavut?
Will the minister commit to ensuring that this option is taken into consideration in order to ensure that Nunavut residents are included in the contracting process?
I believe that the Government of Nunavut as a whole encourages the public to find employment in Nunavut first.
That’s what we always have in place and that’s what we will continue to do.
Going to the orders of the day.
Returns to Written Questions.
Item 9.
Reports of Standing and Special Committees on Bills and Other Matters.
029 – 5(1): Correspondence and the 2018 Annual Report from North Aero Mines Re: Mill Diamond Project (Tootoo)
Last week, I tabled a letter from the president of Norterra and I raised concerns about the drilling project near Hall Beach.
As I stated earlier, I will be supporting the mining companies because my fellow residents of Amittuq can’t find jobs.
I am pleased to table today a copy of the minister’s response to the North West Mines Corporation’s annual report for 2018.
I believe that this will be very useful for my constituents.
I will keep going back to that.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
030 – 5(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four-Expenditure Garage (Netser)
031 – 5(1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Runway Extension in Repulse Bay (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to table two documents that the Hamlet of Repulse Bay has requested from the government.
The four-wheeled vehicle, the community is growing rapidly and the vehicles are not up to par with the age of the building. The garage for the staff is very old and they are overcrowded.
The other one is the extension of the airstrip, which would be very beneficial to the community.
The hamlet has written a letter to the government.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
032 – 5(1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak)
I wish to table today a copy of the Client Travel Policy, including Requests for Proposals and Guidelines for Client Travel.
I have two.
033 – 5(1): Options under Supplementary Retiring Allowances (Speaker)
034 – 5(1): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker)
Thank you, colleagues. I have two documents to table today.
The first paragraph of the Elections Act is the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act.
The second document is a list of outstanding statutory tabling requirements. (interpretation) Thank you.
Going back to the Orders of the Day.
Notices of Motions.
Notices of Motions for First Reading of Bills.
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters. Bills 2, 3, and 4 with Mr. Rumbolt in the Chair.
In accordance with the authority provided to me by Motion 10 – 5 (1), the committee will stay in session until it reports itself out.
Before we proceed to the Committee of the Whole, we will take a 29-minute break.
>>House recessed at 15:54 and Committee resumed at 16:18
Chairman (interpretation): Good afternoon. I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
In Committee of the Whole, we have the following items to deal with: Bills 2, 3, and 4.
Mr. Maine.
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We wish to continue with the review of Bill 2, followed by Bill 3 and the supporting binders.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Does the committee agree that we first deal with Bill 2?
Do you agree?
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee
Go to Bill 2 in your legislation binder.
Moving on, Mr. Akeeagok, do you have witnesses that you would like to bring to the table?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Yes, if I can, I would like to have my officials with me at the witness table.
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses in.
Mr. Akeeagok, for the record, please introduce your officials.
On my left is my Assistant Deputy Minister, Don Carroll.
Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to appear today to present Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2018-19.
This bill will come into force. As a government, we are requesting your department to spend $491,804,000 between April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
Mr. Chairman, over the past year, the Minister of Finance has been here for a full fiscal year. However, as the fifth Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, we are still preparing our business plans.
With that being the case, at this time, the 2018-19 budget that we’re planning for, what we’re going to be doing for the fiscal year 2018-19, when we’re planning the budget, we’re going to be going to Eyeloo in the spring sitting in May and June.
To that end, Mr. Chairman, the interim appropriations will allow the department to fulfill its mandate to provide services to Nunavummiut over the coming months.
The issue of attendance is the need to allocate funding after this year’s general election.
Mr. Chairman, all of our departments and territorial corporations have had an opportunity to review these interim appropriations. Our calculations are based on departmental expenditures and expenditures over the past four years.
Mr. Chairman, we are satisfied that this amount will be sufficient for the operations of the Legislative Assembly after the review of the department’s review and passage of the annual budget.
These are the two pieces of legislation that we are proposing to fund:
$8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly;
$11.66 million for the Department of Executive and Intergovernmental Affairs;
$29.08 million for the Department of Finance;
$49.1 million for the Department of Family Services;
$32.44 million for the Department of Justice;
$10.77 million for the Department of Culture and Heritage;
$64.1 million for the Department of Education;
$85.77 million for the Department of Health’s Additional Offices;
$8.32 million for the Department of Environment;
$82.73 million for the Department of Community and Government Services’ Old Government Services;
$23.29 million for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation’s headquarters;
$73.39 million for the Nunavut Housing Corporation; and
$12.54 million for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments.
At this time, we are open to any questions or comments.
Do members have any general comments?
Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was reading the Inuktitut version. $32.44 million for the Department of Justice in Inuktitut, $32.44 for the Legislative Assembly.
There is a difference in the Inuktitut version of $8.62 million. Is that $8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly or is that for the Department of Justice?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Just for clarification, the Office of the Legislative Assembly is requesting an interim appropriation of $8.62 million and the Department of Justice is seeking $32.4 million.
I apologize if the translation wasn’t correct, Mr. Chairman.
The English version is correct.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s just a question on the interim appropriation. We’re not in percentages, so we’re looking at the expenditures and the allocation of funds for elections.
Mr. Speaker, I know that there was a lot of debate on financial management and the minister has indicated that there are some fundamental changes that need to be made in order to provide accurate departments with the services that they need to deliver to Nunavummiut.
It’s not directly related to this bill, Mr. Chairman, but it’s very relevant to this bill.
Has there been any change in the way the money is allocated to the next budget?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the question.
To date, there has been no real change in the operations and maintenance budget, but I'm sure that we will see the capital budget process in the fall. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there no more general comments?
If members have any questions on the minister’s opening comments, please proceed.
If not, we will proceed with the clause-by-clause review.
Go to Bill 2 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Chairman: Clause 2. Agreed?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2 in Inuktitut. Schedule. Interim Appropriation for April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Interim Appropriation. $491,804,000.
Thank you, Mr. Main, do you have a question?
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I should have brought this up earlier, but I have a question on departmental grants and contributions.
It’s my understanding that the numbers are based on a percentage of the annual budget, but some of the grants and contributions that are used are already used for the whole year. As soon as April 1st, they will be depleted.
I just want to get some clarification on the grants and contributions. Is it Economic Development and Transportation or the Nunavut Housing Corporation? How do you deal with that when the money is not for a whole year, but some of the programs are administered annually?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): That’s a very good question.
Under the budget allocation process, as I indicated in my opening comments, over the last four years, the department has been looking at some of the three-month first and foremost grants and contributions.
I can say that the Department of Community and Government Services and the Nunavut Housing Corporation are one of the largest departments. You see in here that their grants and contributions are for operations.
When it comes to requests, if they have to go through a proposal process, then the departments have different processes and that’s what we’ve been doing over the last four years in each department. The expenditures are reviewed quarterly and the Department of Finance agrees with each department on how the grants and contributions are done.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Akeeagok.
I guess my follow-up question would be: can the minister indicate if there has been an ongoing process for these programs or are there any suspensions that have been put on hold or are they just going to follow the normal procedures?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Main.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The departments are operating the same way.
Tomorrow, hopefully, with the work that we have to do to look at the future budget, we were able to set up the Fifth Legislative Assembly. We have been given direction by the departments. For the next three months, it will be the same. In May, we will be looking at those projects again.
Ms. Towtongie.
I'm sorry. Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Welcome, minister and your officials.
In the main estimates, there is $491,804,000 above that.
First of all, for clarification purposes, in the bill, $8,623,000 and in the minister’s opening comments, it states $8,262,000.
The $3,000 didn’t say anything, but the total amount seems to have been $54,000.
Why is that the case?
That’s my question.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The bill is page three in Inuktitut and we’re trying to get the actual numbers approved.
Those are the actual numbers.
As I stated in my Member’s Statement, I have reduced the numbers in English to the main estimates. That’s what I have stated. I don’t want to say all of the decreases.
The numbers that we’re looking at in the bill are accurate, but they don’t always mention them.
Total Interim Appropriation. $491,804,000. Do you agree?
Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman: Do members agree to Bill 2 as a whole?
Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 2 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to thank my officials for preparing this so that they can keep our government operational until June.
I thank all Members of the Legislative Assembly for their support in approving this budget. I look forward to sitting in this House when we’re dealing with all of our budget in May and June.
I thank you all.
That’s it for Bill 2.
I would now like to ask the minister if he can proceed with his opening remarks on Bill 3.
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will keep my officials here, and I would like to let you know that when we go to other areas, I have additional staff available. When we need to, I would like to invite them, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, can I begin with my opening comments?
I am here to present Bill 3, An Act to Amend the Operations and Maintenance Act, 2017-2018, No. 3. Through this bill, the government is seeking to increase its budget by $56,602,000 for the following purposes:
$49 million for the Department of Health to cover over-expenditures in the areas of health care, medical travel, mental health, treatment, elder care, long-term care, medical care, and tuberculosis surveillance;
$6.2 million for the Department of Justice to address over-expenditures in the areas of law enforcement, corrections, and justice; and
$1,422,000 in over-expenditures for child and family services and banking services.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments. I would be pleased to answer any questions or comments that members may have.
Are there any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3, Family Services. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Children and Family Services. $1,402,000.
I just saw the number in the substantiation sheet, but it still doesn’t give me a good idea as to where you’re focusing on.
Mr. Savikataaq, can you answer that question?
Hon. David Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don’t have the breakdown of the numbers in front of me, but there are two of them. We do send more people out of the territory to care for them. We also have more visits outside of the territory.
For example, there is an elder from Igloolik, somewhere in Gjoa Haven, who is in Ottawa so that the ticket can visit, so that they can visit.
They don’t get assistance from the Department of Family Services.
There are a lot of elders who are sent out of the territory because they can’t be assisted in Nunavut. As I stated earlier, there are more people visiting the communities.
When you’re combining some of the elders’ programs that the Department of Family Services has to deal with since the elders’ programs were transferred back to the Department of Health, are you still working on elders programs under the Department of Family Services?
Some of the things that the minister mentioned are not specifically under Family Services.
Some of them are in the care of the Department of Health and Social Services, some of them are in the care of the elders, and when they want to visit them, there is money available through the Department of Family Services for medical travel.
That’s one of the examples I was using. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I understand that some of the clients that are in foster care are in the Department of Family Services.
My question is: are there still elders who are receiving social services that have not been transferred to the Department of Health?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) According to the information that I have, the transfers that were supposed to be made to the Department of Health have been transferred to the Department of Health.
It’s still under the Department of Health and Social Services.
Looking at the information and looking at our business plan, I believe all of them have been transferred to Family Services. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Maybe I'm a little confused, but if the Minister of Family Services can clarify that, I would appreciate it.
It’s up to Mr. Akeeagok if he wants to redirect the question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): I'll try and explain it.
I thought the question was: are there still people in the Department of Health and Social Services who have to be in the Department of Family Services?
My response was that the Department of Health and Social Services is here right now, the elders’ programs are there.
They are in Family Services.
The supplementary appropriation request is specific to the Department of Family Services. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that clarification.
Now I understand better.
Maybe I'll rephrase my question in a more understandable way.
Does the Department of Family Services still have anything to do with elders?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): There is still some work to be done on elders, so I would like the Minister of Family Services to clarify that.
I am aware of the government’s programs, such as the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Income Assistance Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, and the Income Support Program. I'm sure that the Department of Family Services is responsible for over 60 years of age.
If I missed anything, Minister Savikataaq can assist me in responding to the question. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank both ministers for clarifying that.
My last question.
When people are sent outside of Nunavut, do they still receive income support from outside of Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Through you, I would like Minister Savikataaq to respond to that question. (interpretation) Thank you.
Chairman: Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
It varies depending on the situation.
In some cases, they are eligible for income support, but I can’t say that they’re all the same.
I have detailed questions for the department.
They have indicated that they will be giving out surplus funds from other departments.
As it is right now, does the other departments that are here support all of Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): It has nothing to do with the regions.
As well, in the Department of Family Services, most of that was transferred to the Department of Health and Social Services for income assistance.
They don’t get a lot of income support. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for his response.
If you’re going to be transferring funds from different departments, when do you identify potential debts and how do you deal with the debt?
I'm not sure if that has an impact on our meeting, Mr. Akeeagok.
The department reports on a monthly basis and at the end of the fiscal year, it’s a little over-expenditure for the departments to re-establish their budgets. If they can’t do that, then we have to go through the supplementary appropriation process.
We’re on page 4.
Mr. Maine.
The paper in front of us states that they are in residential care according to the growth of the population. There were 189 people in residential care, 243.
Do you think the numbers will continue to increase?
What accounts for the increase in the number of clients requiring care?
Are you aware of the reasons for the increase in the number of clients?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) The number of clients is increasing in 2013 and that’s why we’re following the increase.
I'm just wondering if that’s going to be included in the budget right now, starting from last year’s budget. I don’t want to be in a position to approve a supplementary appropriation so that you can have a accurate budget.
Will that be included?
It’s going to be obvious that when we go page by page, it’s going to be obvious that we’re going to be talking about changes and if we don’t keep up with our budget, then we look at our budget.
Those are some of the questions that we will be asking during the main estimates. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In your information provided by your department, it says that there is a surplus.
It also mentions the department’s recent income assistance reform.
I'm just wondering if the minister could indicate where the surplus was spent in the Department of Executive and Intergovernmental Affairs. Is it the income support worker’s office that was depleted or is it going to be more money that is going to be given to the income support workers?
What was the increase for?
I'm trying to understand where the surplus went, where was it spent?
Is the income support money going to be repaid or is it going to increase the income support money? Where did the surplus go?
Chairman: Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) There are a number of issues with the Department of Family Services.
They have been hired to administer all of their functions from one department to another and some of these people started working on what they’re doing and how they work.
Under the Income Support Reform Program, there was funding for that program and the government’s response was that residential care clients are sent out of the territory for different types of care.
There are a number of factors that contribute to how the Department of Family Services has arrived at its budget shortfall for the current fiscal year. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'll leave it at that.
Information provided by the department indicates that the department spends a significant portion of its budget on income support, which indicates that it spends more money on income support.
Will the money that is requested be used for staff or will it be used for income support?
My colleague, Mr. Savikataaq, can respond to that question better.
Mr. Savikataaq, please proceed.
The Income Support Program has a significant impact on the funding that is available.
The Child Benefit Supplement was deducted from the income support payments.
The Child Benefit Supplement will no longer be the case now. The income support recipients will receive more money than the income support recipients and the families will no longer be deducted from their child tax benefits.
We are on Total Children and Family Services.
Not Previously Authorized. $1,402,000.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Justice. $2,600,000.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Welcome, Madam Minister.
It states here that the purchase of new drugs will be made under the Act to Amend the Pharmacy Act from the federal government. Is that in the plans for this coming summer?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Like you, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask that my witness be replaced by the Deputy Minister of Justice to go to the witness table and remove my deputy minister, so I'll take that out first and respond to the member’s question.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witness?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the other witness in.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your witness.
On my left is the Deputy Minister of Justice, Bill MacKay.
If it’s okay with you, I can respond to the question.
Mr. Chairman, that’s a very good question on the Department of Justice with respect to the RCMP.
This has nothing to do with marijuana.
We don’t want the pharmaceuticals that are prescription drugs in Canada to come to Nunavut, but these are new drugs that we need to learn and implement.
During the December finance ministers’ meeting, this funding will be provided through the Non-Insured Health Benefits Program. Approximately 25 percent of the funding from the federal government will be directed to the RCMP to monitor drug use.
There are two parts to that.
I thank the minister for that response.
My next question is in regard to the high cost of housing in the communities.
I'm just wondering if the minister could explain why it’s in there.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Netser.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) This relates to the fact that the RCMP hired nine additional RCMP officers in different communities and that’s why they provide staff housing.
When there is an additional RCMP member, we have to go through a contract with the government to get housing. The additional costs were $300,000. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Maine, did you have a question?
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The minister talked about the $2.6 million in the breakdown of the $300,000 for housing.
Could you break it down a little bit more detail?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Maybe I might be missing a number.
I will ask my officials to answer that question.
Those are the numbers that we have.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to thank the minister for his response. (interpretation ends) The $1 million is going to be used for vehicles.
Why didn’t you expect these vehicles to be purchased?
I think it should have been included in this budget.
Was the reason for the purchase of new vehicles?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That’s a very good question.
This $1 million is for vehicle replacements.
We have a contract with the RCMP and they deal with different needs.
Last year, the department’s vehicles did not receive much replacement due to a lack of funding.
They were trying to prevent that, but this year, the vehicles were damaged because they had to purchase what they needed.
That’s why there’s a significant increase this year.
They didn’t buy too much, but their equipment is deteriorating all the time.
With respect to the RCMP contract, if you purchase a product, we don’t buy one another.
When we talk to them about funding, they come to an agreement and that’s why it seems like it’s going up too much.
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It also states here that my colleague is talking about this.
These are new drugs that are probably the most dangerous drugs.
Will the equipment that is going to be used for studies be made available to all the communities or just some of them?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Yes, all the RCMP officers will be getting this equipment for all the communities.
Those are the new positions that we’re looking at for the RCMP and the general public. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In regard to the drugs that are most dangerous, if there are new drugs that are available in English, when they start finding tea in our communities, has this been planned or if there are no drugs available in any of the communities? Where have the RCMP been located to date?
It’s very disappointing to see people coming into our communities and I hope that they will stop.
However, the communities have been impacted twice and the emerging nations are going to be coming up here in the Northwest Territories.
It’s very dangerous and I'm afraid that they’re going to be trying to get drugs.
If you don’t get those things, it’s a lot easier to do but these emergences are dangerous and I'm very pleased that the RCMP are in the planning stages.
Ms. Main: I thought I was done.
That’s my last question.
I'm just wondering if you could clarify the lack of housing in the communities in Nunavut.
According to the documents that we have provided, there are nine additional RCMP officers in nine of the six communities in Nunavut that have been decentralized. There have been different needs for housing.
That was just a comment.
Moving on, Mr. Hickes, do you have a question?
In the $2.6 million that you’re requesting, it talks about interpreters going to court and seven judges. Did you also need interpreters from the courts?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) No, at this time, there are quite a few more interpreters when it comes to hiring. I think it’s important that we have trained interpreters in the Department of Justice.
I'll leave it at that. In the minister’s opening comments, he talks about the need for new telephone systems to be maintained.
Knowing that they’re going to have to replace their current telephone system, will they be allocating new funds or will they be asking for additional funding once they know the number from the RCMP?
Yes, it’s in the planning stages for the department and we will be requesting funding for that. That’s what we’re planning on doing.
The business plan for the Department of Finance was there as well as the Public Service Ministers, but if the RCMP's plan is to pass the Pharmacy Act, as my colleague has mentioned, for driver’s licences, it’s in the planning stages, but there’s nothing in here that’s going to provide additional funding for marijuana. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Under the other correctional facilities, overtime and overtime, as the member is referring to, there’s a full-time staff at the Baffin Correctional Centre. What is the total number of staff at the Baffin Correctional Centre?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Did he say that there were eight?
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to ask another question. Under the information that I have on overtime, it states that when the Baffin Correctional Centre is struggling, it costs $180 thousand. I'm just wondering if that’s a mistake in the job description, Mr. Chairman.
Can the minister clarify that?
Through you, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that question.
Mr. MacKay: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The nurse in charge, the guardians, there are a lot of people who work in other areas. If it’s bad weather, they have to stay there, so it adds to the overtime.
When there’s a blizzard, they can’t go home. The staff said that there’s going to be another employee coming to work. Do they double their staff when there’s a blizzard?
Mr. MacKay, can you please clarify that?
Yes, there are two types of blizzards. If there is a blizzard, they are sent right away and there are two types of employees who work in the blizzard.
Mr. Lighthizer.
Mr. Lighthizer (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice. First of all, the RCMP has indicated that you will need housing for nine new RCMP officers.
When they hire RCMP officers, do they get housing separately?
I'm happy to say that one of my staff, just playing hockey on Friday with one of his colleagues, I'm sure it’s going to be fine, so my deputy minister can’t write a letter.
It’s going to have to be whispered.
My question is in regard to the nine RCMP officers. The RCMP receives housing from the federal government.
As I stated earlier, we work with the RCMP through contracts.
I would like to make it clear that 70 percent of the RCMP costs are paid by the Government of Nunavut and 30 percent is paid by the federal government.
The RCMP is contracted to the federal government. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lighthizer (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm just wondering if the RCMP is going to provide housing for all the RCMP officers.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) When the RCMP sends an employee to a community, how long does it take for them to be in the community?
They don’t keep their officers on the land because they’re out on the land.
They don’t think they’re going to get their own housing in the communities at any given time, depending on how many RCMP members they’re going to need, they’re provided housing in the communities.
The RCMP operates on a case-by-case basis.
When a community identifies a need for a new RCMP member, the community tries to include all 25 communities as soon as possible. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s unfortunate that the RCMP doesn’t make it a part of the community.
When the RCMP receives their own home, how does the RCMP provide assistance?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Lynch.
I don’t think anyone should be asking that question here.
I don’t think we should expect them to own their own homes and that’s why they are provided with housing.
Mr. Akeeagok, if you would like to make a comment.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
Those were very good comments, Mr. Chairman.
Yes, the RCMP, even though they only stay in the community for three years, is involved in raising the community.
If an RCMP officer wants to get housing, they are asking the federal government for housing.
It’s not through our federal government. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
This will be my last question with respect to the RCMP, how much of that contract is for the RCMP?
Schedule of the bill. Page 5. Total Operations and Maintenance. $40,071,000.
If approved, it will be $42,671,000 for this contract. (interpretation) Thank you. (interpretation ends) For the 2017-18 fiscal year.
Thank you for that information.
The third item is the Corrections Division’s overtime and casual staffing.
Chairman (interpretation): Mr. Lynch, we’re just on Law Enforcement. We haven’t gotten there yet. Can you wait for your questions?
We’re on Law Enforcement. (interpretation ends) Are there any further questions on Law Enforcement?
Mr. Lighthead: Yes, last one for Law Enforcement.
According to the minister’s letter, there was a total of $40 million in legal fees, $30 million, which is expected to be $42 million.
How is the $42 million projected to be spent by the end of the fiscal year?
Perhaps if I could ask my colleague which figures he is looking at.
If there is a figure, I would like to get some assistance. I sent a letter on Friday, I think I found $30 million, but if he could elaborate further on that.
The letter dated March 16 addressed to the Chair of the Regular Members’ Caucus, which the Minister of Finance provided to me.
The letter that I'm referring to is on page 4 and it’s on page 4.
I would also like to thank the member for asking that question.
The $30 million has been spent to date and the plan is $42 million.
The RCMP has a report on their expenditures and how much they’re going to spend. The $2.6 million that we’re requesting is based on the numbers that we have in the RCMP. That’s what I wrote.
I'm looking at $2.6 million for Project 1 in the member’s substantiation sheet, it indicates that the RCMP operates on a long-term basis with audiovisual equipment. At the top, it also indicates that in the past, it’s requested.
The Legislative Assembly is proposing to improve the administration of the program. However, due to the unique nature of the operation, it is required to provide an additional $2.6 million to cover the costs of staff training in the area of employee training, recruitment and retention, and industrial industries.
It talks about $2.6 million for additional staff and casual wages. On the same page, $2.6 million is being announced that they have a newer radio station.
Can you clarify that, Mr. Chairman?
This question was already asked by one of my colleagues, but Mr. Akeeagok, if you would like to elaborate further, it’s up to you.
If you look at the other paragraph, Program 3, it states $2.6 million for Corrections.
There are two separate items. It says $2.6 million, but it’s separate.
It’s in regard to the RCMP radio stations, the need for housing, the need for vehicles, and the various emergency situations that were there. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I also thank Mr. Akeeagok.
If we’re talking about $2.6 million, what’s the total amount? I don’t understand that. Could the minister clarify that for me?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Ms. Towtongie.
On page 5 of our business plan, we’re dealing with law enforcement, $2.6 million.
In addition to that, there’s $2.6 million for Corrections. We’re not dealing with the whole issue at this time. We’re dealing with $2.6 million for law enforcement.”"”
Do you have a question?
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for clarifying that.
Looking at the Inuktitut version, in English, it’s the main estimates. In Inuktitut, it seems like it’s an estimate.
Can the minister clarify what this means in the main estimates for 2017-18?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) To my left is talking about the $40 million Law Enforcement Branch, $11 million. (interpretation) That’s what we’re talking about.
To my right is not previously authorized and we’re still in the 2017-18 fiscal year. You’re projecting that to be able to go over that amount and that’s why we’re trying to get approval from the Legislative Assembly for the supplementary appropriation for the Department of Justice.
A total of $6.2 million is for the RCMP.
That’s what we’re requesting from the Legislative Assembly. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just got confused because it sounds like they’re guessing in Inuktitut, they’re estimates.
I'm almost understanding my question, so I'm done.
We’re on Law Enforcement. $2.6 million.
Next we have Total Registries and Court Services, $1 million.
Total Corrections, 2 million 600 thousand.
Mr. Lighthizer: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is in regard to corrections and it’s an annual over-expenditure. If memory serves me correctly, it’s just overtime for the Baffin Correctional Centre.
Is that correct?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is correct. The majority of the overtime is for casuals and casuals.
Mr. Lighthizer: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Now, if memory serves me correctly, the correctional facilities are 12 hours a year. Is that correct?
Given the fact that the current facilities are always full and overtime, has the department considered three or eight hours of work, and would it not be possible to make that adjustment?
Perhaps through you, Mr. Chairman, I'll have Deputy Minister MacKay respond to that question.
The member is correct that there are 12 hours of work.
That’s how it’s set up. It’s a two-hour, 42 hours a week, and it’s going to be overtime after 42 hours.
Under the collective agreement, the overtime was reduced to $4 million and now it’s $2.49 million.
As a result, the Corrections Division’s deficit was $4.5 million and now it’s $2.6 million.
We are moving forward with the overtime and we will continue to do that.
I remind all members to turn off your cellphones and silence them.
Mr. Lighthead: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s overtime and it’s 42 hours a week.
Do employees work 50 or 60 hours a week?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
This is quite detailed and we have to provide it to the House and we will provide it in writing.
My deputy minister can’t answer that question.
We don’t have that information.
I don’t think I know how much information is required for the operation of the facility.
I would like to ask these questions.
What kind of training do they receive?
Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that question.
I think that answers the member’s question. There is training and development in supplementary expenditures under the court system.
At this time, we don’t provide training.
We have a training contract with a contractor and it costs a lot of money to replace the overtime and that’s why we’re putting an increase in the cost of training.
We are also looking at other ways to better plan the budget so that the staff at the correctional facilities and the courts can be better trained so that we don’t have less contractors.
Ms. Nakasuk.
I wanted to know when the $2.6 million was being talked about and the training of staff.
What kind of training are you going to provide to the staff and the casual employees?
Both the corrections division and the court system provide excellent training for casuals and staff.
The casuals are hired on a contract basis, but they’re going to be trained for a number of weeks and they’re trained by the corrections officers, for example, to deal with disputes with the employees. They teach them what to do.
Can the minister indicate what kinds of programs the Corrections Division has in place or should I not be asking questions about it?
I don’t know if they have that level of detail, Mr. Akeeagok.
I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to elaborate on what’s happening in the High Arctic, if you will allow me.
Ms. MacKay.
I don’t have the numbers in front of me, but I can get back to the member on what kind of training is provided to inmates.
Depending on which of the low-risk inmates, including the Iqaluit International Airport, are receiving pre-employment training to enable them to work in correctional facilities and provide training to inmates so that they can complete their sentences.
The Akausisarvik facility provides programs based on the needs of each inmate, addictions counselling, and so on, and so forth, and so forth, depending on what the offender needs are and what the sentence is for.
Even though they can’t leave the prison, they are given training so that they can work after the prison, so that they can complete their high school education, and they also receive trades training at the correctional facility.
The community of Rankin Inlet does provide support to inmates.
There are different types of programs that we provide.
Mr. Nakasuk: I'm done.
We are on page 5.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance.
Total Department. Not Previously Authorized. $6,200,000.
Turn to page 6.
Department of Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Mr. Akeeagok, would you like to make a comment?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): It’s not a comment.
If it’s okay with you, we will move on to another department. The witnesses are available to answer questions. I would like to take a moment to change my witnesses before any questions are asked. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was going to give you an opportunity, but at this time, if you would like to do so, it’s okay.
Sergeant-at-Arms, at this time, you can change the officials.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witness?
Chairman (interpretation): Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort one witness out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your new witness.
He just walked in, on my left, the Deputy Minister of Health, Colleen Inuujaq Stockley.
Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized. Total Directorate. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser: My mistake.
I will be asking questions when it comes to travel.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Are there any questions under the directorate.
I don’t have too many questions, but when we’re talking about elders’ facilities in Nunavut, there are three facilities that will be funded by various elders.
A couple of days ago, when I was asking questions about the pre-feasibility study in Igloolik and Gjoa Haven, they’re looking at the possibility of expanding the elders’ facilities.
At that time, the minister didn’t know how many beds there would be for the study.
Can the minister update us today on the status of increasing the number of elders’ care facilities in Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the question.
This year, it’s under the preplanning stage. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What is the status of this preplanning and what is the status of it now?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): With your permission, Mr. Chairman, I would like the Deputy Minister of Health to respond because he knows more about the capital estimates.
The Department of Health had already planned for last year’s capital estimates for 2017-18.
I would like to ask the minister if they can proceed with the expansion of the Igloolik facility.
Just to keep that in mind, after the election, I'm sure that the government had a new mandate, so I'm just wondering if there would be an option for expansion in Igloolik.
It hasn’t gone very far, but we expect that further action will be taken once we know what the government’s mandate is.
In conclusion, when we talk about the use of government resources to identify deficiencies in our infrastructure, I would like to emphasize that the department is responsible for the delivery of the government’s programs in the area of elder care.
I am optimistic that progress is being made in revitalizing the existing facility and identifying opportunities across the territory to provide a wide range of opportunities for new infrastructure to address current waiting lists.
It’s more of a comment.
I would like to follow up on my colleague’s question about the operations of the elders’ homes.
I would be interested to know the breakdown of the $900,000.
What infrastructure will be allocated to each of these communities?
The $900,000 is divided into three regions, with a total of $300,000 each for the three elders’ facilities.
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) I'm just wondering, as it states here, these units are for non-profit Nunavut organizations.
What is the process by the Department of Health and Social Services to inform them if they’re going to be over-expending?
The three communities that are run by the government, not by the government, have just recently issued new contracts and that has been part of that process.
If there is a need to increase or decrease, the Department of Health and Social Services meets with the organizations.
When they have to come up with solutions, they work together.
They are complying with federal and territorial laws.
It states here that the three newly opened homes, 2 and 3, require high-level residential care. There are a number of factors that indicate that the majority of these homes require more care and aging.
Going back to the budget, are there any projections over the next few years that the cost of operating the facility will continue to increase or are we going to have a limited amount of money now?
At the beginning of the contract, three of them were dealt with by the Department of Family Services.
The Department of Health’s contract only took over in April 2017.
One of the things that we brought to the attention of the Department of Health and Social Services was that it wasn’t the same as the Department of Health and Social Services.
One of the recommendations was the Nutrition North Canada Program.
When we looked at the contract, the elders’ facilities weren’t able to meet the needs of the elders.
So we’re looking at a deficit of $855,000 last year and that’s why we’re asking for nearly $900,000 right now. That’s why we’re doing that.
Please correct me if I'm wrong, when I look at the funding for mental health services across Nunavut.
At this time, we have traumatic situations.
Is there any talk about setting aside some money for mental health treatment?
We’re here, we’re just talking about additional funding for operations and maintenance. We’re not talking about actual costs.
I don’t think it’s appropriate to have this House or any other way.
Do you have any further questions, Ms. Towtongie?
Thank you for clarifying that.
With respect to the mental health contract for 2017-18, $16.7 million, I believe it’s $6.2 million. What is the status of that?
That’s my last question Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, we’re dealing with $5.9 million and the amount that the member is asking about is included in the $43.1 million.
That’s the details of the $16 million and $10 million that’s in there.
I would like the deputy minister, Mr. Stockley, to explain the details of this $10 million increase. I would like him to respond to that question.
It’s very good to hear that Nunavummiut are asking for help and that information is to call your health centre and ask each other online.
There is an increase in the demand for treatment and that’s why there’s an increase in the number of people going to treatment centres.
I know that they have mental health problems and addictions.
There are also costs that are outside of the Department of Health and Social Services. The Department of Justice is responsible for the court circuit for treatment.
Before we proceed to the Directorate, we will take a five-minute break.
>>Committee recessed at 18:03 and resumed at 18:10
I would like to call the committee meeting back to order.
Total Health Care Service Delivery. $43,100,000.
Out-of-territory long-term care, you have identified a need for dementia care.
I believe that would increase because we don’t have a dementia monitoring centre in Nunavut.
That’s what I'm interested in.
Are they looking at doing this to have a dementia research centre in Nunavut?
It’s one of them right away, but it’s not at the top of the list.
They are working on mental health issues and they have been larger than they are at this time.
On the same page, outside of Nunavut, the last paragraph in regard to out-of-territory hospitals, the Department of Health and Social Services.
I was a little appalled by the minister’s letter that the breakdown of his department didn’t include in the budget the over-expenditure.
Is his department going to be spending all of its money in this area?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. On page 6, the first item is $5.9 million. It’s not previously authorized. It’s for out-of-territory long-term care for elders in the Department of Health and Social Services.
The Department of Health has identified that as part of this year’s adult care program, we are requesting $5.9 million for the adult care program to be delivered to the appropriate facilities. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is more related to the Department of Health’s over-expenditures in other areas of the budget.
Perhaps through you, if I make a mistake, Deputy Minister Stockley will correct me.
However, with respect to what is being carried over from the Department of Health and Social Services, I don’t know what is being used for, but I can respond by saying that the over-expenditures have not been taken out of the Department of Health.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the clarification.
These funds have not been used within the department, so we transfer the funds that have not been used.
The balance for the Department of Health is $49 million.
The letter that I just sent today will be translated today in English which was sent out on Friday and the appendix doesn’t have any numbers on the over-expenditures and savings. If you look at the substantiation sheets, which ones are being planned.
That’s a very small amount and looking at the over-expenditures that we’re asking for in this supplementary appropriation. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appreciate the fact that you mentioned the appendix within the department, but I was referring to the letter that we received from the minister on page 4. There is a breakdown of the various programs and funding.
Under Family Services, they are showing a surplus that they will be able to use.
The Department of Health hasn’t done that, so I'm wondering why.
The Department of Health and Social Services has not identified any surpluses.
On page 5, it indicates that the Department of Health will require $49 million. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is not referring to the regional operations of the Department of Health.
I know that in the Department of Health, there has been a regional surplus in the Nursing Recruitment and Retention Strategy and IT. There has been over $1 million in savings over the last few years.
Can the minister provide us with a breakdown of all the Department of Health programs that are left over when there is a deficit?
You’re asking for very detailed information that may not be available at this time.
Minister Akoak...
...Mr. Akeeagok, please.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for recognizing me.
We don’t have that level of detail with us.
We can table it in the House at a later date. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'll move on to the elders’ facilities.
In the second bullet, it indicates that the current elders facilities are operated under contract with non-profit Nunavut organizations.
I would just like to say that this is a very good tool for any Nunavut organization.
I hope that they can contract as many contracts as possible.
I'll move on to something else. Turning to the pie chart, the 24-hour elders care, it states that the Department of Health provides 24/7 housing in accordance with the Department of Health and Social Services’ policies.
The elders have to be governed according to the legislation, as the minimum standards are outlined.
My question to the Minister of Health is: are the elders’ facilities meeting minimum standards?
I responded to that earlier.
There has been an increase in the number of contracts that the Department of Health has issued with respect to compliance requirements.
If there is a non-compliance, the interpreters and the Department of Health meet with each other to make sure that they’re following the rules.
Mr. Mitchell.
Can you clarify whether or not these elders’ facilities should meet the minimum level of care?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
This is a new contract and we have increased it by $900,000 to $5.9 million.
They have indicated that they’re going to be trying to keep up with the needs of the elders, but they haven’t really reached the level of care that they need.
As the minister indicated, they’re trying to catch up with that. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you.
The glass is getting too quiet now.
With respect to medical travel, they are requesting $50 million and I have mentioned this many times in the House for medical patients who don’t have an appointment, especially in my constituency, when they go to Winnipeg, they find out that they don’t have an appointment.
Does the Department of Health have a list of patients that went down to Winnipeg that were cancelled because they weren’t informed about their appointments, does the Department of Health have a list of those costs and how much it cost for the patients that didn’t have an appointment, the tickets, the accommodations, and the costs of that? (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman and I thank the member for that question.
The Minister of Health has committed to reviewing all of the patients that have not been seen or changed in terms of appointments.
That’s one of the things that the government wants to do. It’s something that has been identified and we’re going to try and find out where people have gone wrong.
The member has raised a number of questions and he has seen those types of things. We would like to include those in the review.
I would like to thank the member for raising this issue and we can look into it together.
That will be part of the review and the patients that were going to see the doctor don’t have an appointment. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation) Yes, I look forward to seeing the results of the review.
Right now, $5.5 million was set aside for TB in Qikiqtarjuaq and just recently on February 26, I believe the federal government made a huge amount of money for ITK, I believe it was $82 million, and $80 million was set aside for the TB study.
Has the government made a request or has the Department of Health and Social Services made a request to Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami to help us out with the funding that was given to us by the government or has our government talked to them to see if they can afford to pay for TB?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That’s a very good question.
At this time, the federal government announced that the 2018-19 budget will be in place to support Inuit-specific initiatives related to tuberculosis, and at the same time, it states that Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami will be allocated five-year funding for the Inuit Circumpolar Conference.
Currently, the working group has a committee comprised of representatives from Inuit owned lands, including the Department of Health.
At this time, the additional funding was going to be provided by the federal government and I, as the Minister of Finance, have not seen any details.
I look forward to seeing the details of the work that ITK is doing and they have a very good understanding of us.
That’s where it stands.
We will be kept informed by the minister in regard to your very good question.
I would like to ask another question regarding medical travel.
In here, it states that there is no control over the cost of living and the contract increases.
Does the Department of Health and Social Services understand why the cost of living is going up?
At 5.6 percent, it’s projected to increase every year, so what are the main reasons for this increase?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. Stockley, to respond to that.
Medical travel and medical evacuations are increasing each year.
There are more and more people going on medical travel and that’s another good thing that they’re diagnosed early enough and that’s why they’re sent out.
Tuberculosis has been a very difficult issue. In the rest of Canada, we have the highest rate of influenza vaccination in Canada.
I'll give you an example.
Approximately 60 times medical evacuations were required in December.
There are more and more medivacs that are sent out on an emergency basis every week, but at the end of the year, in the springtime, the lungs that are suffering from lungs and breathing problems have to be dealt with as a matter of urgency.
The condominiums for medical travel and medical evacuations have increased.
Mr. Chairman, I'm not going to go into the details, but I'm trying to understand what the reason is for the increase.
Do we think our population in Nunavut is going to be good for the health of our people?
I'm just wondering if I could get an explanation. My question is: are we catching up or are we getting left behind?
I'll ask Deputy Minister Stockley to respond.
Fortunately, in Canada, Nunavut has the highest rate of food insecurity. Overcrowding causes serious health problems, but we have made progress, but I hope that if there is no shortage of housing, it will improve.
We also added to the boarding home that has been added to the Baffin Regional Hospital.
We have to reduce the amount of medical travel.
We are moving forward.
The other one is the telehealth system that we’re going to be using in the three regions.
You will be hearing more about the budget when we want to apply for O&M.
I thank the Premier for that answer.
I look forward to getting into the main estimates.
Based on the mental health deficit of $10.5 million, the other one is to hear that it’s very important.
Looking at the list, it doesn’t say what the reason is for the $10.5 million increase.
Is your department being encouraged to increase the number of people with mental health problems, and what is the reason for that?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Both diagnosis and mental health.
During the Fourth Session of the Legislative Assembly, the issue of suicide was raised as a matter of urgency for the government to take action.
We will continue to do that and we will continue to promote that. We don’t have any training programs in place to make sure that they’re identified by the doctor.
It’s going to change the way our people and the members keep bringing it up in the House and the public on this issue.
My last question is in regard to mental health and mental health workers, how many services are we providing to people who are in care outside of Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 64.
How is it 64 more or less? How is it changing in the past?
We don’t have that kind of information in front of us, but it’s increasing and if he wants that information, we can provide it to him, perhaps in the main estimates.
I'll move on to a different topic, the Qikiqtarjuaq TB study. I'm sure all of us agree that it’s very encouraging to hear that.
Will the equipment and equipment be kept by the Department of Health and Social Services in other communities for research purposes or, if it’s too small, will it continue to be in the community?
Through you, I'll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that question.
Will the property assessment be done through the capital estimates?
I'm lost.
Assets, it’s under capital, so if I could get clarification.
Through you, I'll ask Deputy Minister Stockley to respond to that.
The majority of these assets were from the federal government.
The funding that we received from the federal government, for example, the refrigerators, the equipment, the mushrooms, the beds, and so on, is used by the Department of Health and Social Services.
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question, probably my last one.
The Department of Health and Social Services is responsible for the agency nurses and the contract services. The department has been very successful in reducing the number of services provided by agency nurses.
I would like to ask, this year’s payments from previous years, what is the difference in the amount of money that is paid out to them?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Instead of using agency nurses, we are hurting more Nunavummiut.
From last year to today, we have been using more agency nurses.
This is my final question.
If I could get the breakdown of the $8.6 million, I would appreciate it.
Broken down by fiscal year, the 2017-18 full-time staffing shortfall of $52.5 million, the casual staffing budget exceeds $45.3 million, the waitlist payment of $15.7 million, and the agency nurses over $0.1 million, for a total over-expenditure of $8.6 million.
I just have one question to comment on the breakdown of what you’re talking about, and I'll add to Mr. Main’s question.
I don’t have three details.
If there is a nurse in Sanikiluaq in an emergency situation in the middle of the night, if there is a need for an overtime, I know that the staff has to be overtime.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) It’s all over-expenditures for nurses.
I know the minister was answering earlier today on what the department is doing in recruiting nurses.
I'll leave that alone for a moment.
I just want to make a comment. When we’re looking at the budget for the Department of Health, we have staff, doctors, contractors, mental health workers, and medical travel. It’s always reflected in the supplementary appropriation every year.
The number for mental health and mental health is a dramatic change from last year. I think it was $6.87 million in last year’s supplementary appropriation.
Earlier when I was talking about the budget process, I was wondering what changes were made. The Minister of Finance indicated that they haven’t made any changes at this time, but I believe that major changes need to be made because we keep coming back and forth with approval. That’s what we always do in the supplementary appropriation.
When you’re aware of over-expenditures, I'm just wondering if the department can come up with a budget based on the amount that is required and not just an increase.
That’s just a comment, but I would like to hear from the minister about that.
I think that’s exactly what we’re doing. We’re doing a realistic review of the Fifth Legislative Assembly. We’ve had some discussions with some departments, Health and Justice, and they’re always asking for a supplementary appropriation.
I don’t know how it’s time to take action. I'm very pleased that we’re talking about this budget and I'm working very closely with my colleagues on this issue.
Although I answered some of the health issues, ever since I became the Minister of Health, it has always been called the Department of Health and Social Services.
I think that’s something that we have to work very hard to make sure that the budget is correct and correct, and I'm sure that we’re going to have to re-establish it without changing the budget process. We have to recognize that it’s a process that we have to work on.
We will only be able to make changes through the Legislative Assembly.
One of the Members of the Regular Members’ Caucus made a very observant observation.
I also think that we have to work closely together as Members of the Legislative Assembly, because we really need that.
For 2017-18, we are facing some of the challenges that we face. I look forward to working with the Premier and during our term of office. Even though we don’t need to be here, if we know exactly how much money was spent by departments, we don’t need to go back to that, but we need to know exactly what our budget is.
I just wanted to make that comment and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I applaud the minister for recognizing the need for improvement.
I just wanted to reiterate, as the minister indicated earlier, that the Department of Justice has been working on a regular basis with our current sitting. It’s a matter of overtime for nurses and other legislation. It’s a revolving fund. It’s an overtime issue that I've raised in the last three and a half years.
Again, I think there needs to be a real recognition from the Minister of Human Resources as to how we can fill the government’s capacity.
As we move forward with the development of existing positions within our organizational structure, if we were to fill some of the weaknesses that Mr. Maine talked about, the challenges of jobs in the government, the exhaustiveness and health of some of our employees, we need to take a step back and look at how we can move forward in filling our government positions where our strengths and strengths are not just trying to keep up.
When we’re talking about overtime, I would like to find out more about moving forward on where the priorities are and what the initiatives are so that we can look forward to what we can do.
Just a comment.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have one question in regard to mental health and contract services. On the fourth paragraph, it states that the Department of Justice is responsible for paying for medical travel. Is that included in the $10.5 million?
I'll summarize it, yes it’s the members.
Mr. Lighthizer, do you have another question?
My last question is in regard to Mr. Maine and Mr. Hickes’ questions.
The last question on the hospital staff is $8.6 million shortfall. Just to clarify, you’re indicating $143 million, $151 million to achieve $8.6 million.
Is that for all salaries and benefits for the department?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Yes, it is for compensation and benefits.
Mr. Lighthizer: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Is the $151 million 100 percent accurate?
It’s a $25 million increase in wages.
I don’t think the funding has been at 100 percent.
As I stated earlier, if I compile the full-time and overtime orders, I think what we’re trying to do is ask for $8.6 million in our main estimates for compensation and benefits. I think that’s the closest we can get to that.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It’s not 100 percent accurate in our accounting. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the very near future, there are a lot of things in there.
I'll move on to the minister’s letter on page 4 regarding medical travel of $63.8 million for the 2017-18 fiscal year.
I'm just wondering why the money was allocated in the 2016-17 fiscal year.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Mr. Chairman, please wait a moment while I look at the 2016-17 capital estimates. I don’t have that information in front of me.
If you would like, I can get that. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lighthizer, we’re trying to address that in 2016-17, not before 2017-18.
I'll keep in mind that I'll leave it at that for 2016-17.
I was asking about the medical travel budget last year. I would like to know how much the department will be allocating in 2018-19.
We don’t anticipate that it will be for 2017-18, but Mr. Akeeagok may not have the numbers in front of him.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I think it’s too early to say that in May, there will be a budget address for 2018-19.
We are now voting on the interim appropriations for 2017-18. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In addition to that, in our budgeting process, there is a problem with what the minister has provided. There are a lot of differences between the actual expenditures that were done every year prior to the adjustments being made, and I would hope that in the next fiscal year, at that time, I will be making a request to the Department of Health and Social Services when the main estimates are being discussed.
So I don’t want to see in the House a repeated budget every year.
Just like the way it was done, I would like to get the details of the department’s operations and maintenance.
That’s more of a comment than a question.
Chairman: Mr. Qirngnuq, do you have a question?
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just want to find out one thing. I will be asking a question in regard to medical travel in English so that I can make it clear that the third bullet for April, the actual air ambulance service has increased from last year, so I would like to get clarification from the minister.
It’s talking about medical travel. There has been an increase in the number of patients who are sick and there is an increase in the number of pregnancy patients.
However, the number of medical travel clients is increasing.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
I'm sorry, I thought you had your hand up.
We’re on Health. Operations and Maintenance.
We have completed $43,100,000. If you go down to the bottom, Total Department. $49 million.
Not Previously Authorized.
Go back to page 2. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Schedule 1. Operations and Maintenance. $56,602,000.
Go to Bill 3 in your legislation binder.
Sorry, let me go back.
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018.
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2. Supplementary Appropriation for the fiscal year 2017-18. Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. $56,602,000. Do you agree?
Clause 4. Agreed?
Chairman: Clause 5. Agreed?
Chairman: Do members agree to Bill 3 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 3 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I appreciate the questions that were asked in regard to the budget allocation process for the upcoming fiscal year and the hard work of our staff to compile the best estimates that are in there.
With that, we will be able to make changes to the budget.
Before we move on to another bill, I would like to ask that the minister be removed.
I would like to thank him for his hard work and he will now rise to report progress.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you. Did you want to bring in another witness?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witness out.
Moving on to Bill 4.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed with your opening comments.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appear before you today to present Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4.
Through this bill, the government is requesting an additional $96,000 for 2017-18.
This supplementary appropriation will provide the Department of Community and Government Services with a non-funded contribution of $96,000 in interest adjustment negotiations for the establishment of a lease agreement with the Nunavut Construction Corporation for the Legislative Assembly Building and nine Government of Nunavut offices across Nunavut.
I would be pleased to take questions and comments as we proceed.
Are there any general comments in regard to the minister’s opening comments?
This is the first time that I have been involved in this process, so I would like to know why we have to do that.
Are the Department of Community and Government Services not able to find their own capital?
There has to be a financial statement to make sure that the interest rates are transparent.
Nobody would get any money, but the interest rates were higher than expected. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Page 4. Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4. Community and Government Services. Not Previously Authorized. Total Community Programs. $96,000.
Go to page 2.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) 2017-18, No. 4. Schedule 1. Capital. Total Capital Appropriation. $96,000.
Please go to Bill 4 in your white binders.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018. Clause 1. Do you agree?
Chairman: Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2.
Schedule. Supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Fiscal Year Ending 2018. Vote 2: Capital.
Capital. $96,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman: Do members agree to Bill 4 as a whole?
Chairman: Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 4 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
On behalf of the Auditor General and our finance staff, I would like to thank you all for approving this budget.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
As we have concluded the Committee of the Whole, I would like to recognize the clock and report progress to the Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): Going to the Orders of the Day.
Mr. Rumbolt.
Your committee has been considering Bills 2, 3, and 4, and would like to report that Bills 2, 3, and 4 are concluded and that they are ready for third reading.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the Report of the Committee of the Whole be agreed to.
Mr. Maine, thank you.
All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Item 21.
Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Aggu, that Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018, to June 30, 2018, be read for the third time.
To the motion.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
The motion is carried and Bill 2 is ready for assent.
Third Reading of Bills.
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I'm going to second...
It has been a long day.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, that Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018, be read for the third time.
The motion is carried and Bill 3 is ready for assent.
Item 21. Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet South, that Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018, be read for the third time. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
Thank you. The motion is carried and Bill 4 is ready for assent.
Mr. Clerk, will you ascertain if the Commissioner of Nunavut is prepared to enter the Chamber to give assent to bills.
Assent to Bills
Commissioner Nellie Kusugak (interpretation): Members of the Legislative Assembly, please be seated.
Welcome.
As Commissioner of Nunavut, I am pleased to give assent to the following bills:
Bill 1, Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 2, 2018-19;
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018;
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018; and
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
It has been a few months since I swore my oaths to the Members of the Legislative Assembly.
Since that time, you have been working on a new mandate that is representative of Nunavut and Nunavummiut.
Tomorrow will be springing up on June 20, and we expect that it will be a good day.
Accordingly, I hereby prorogue the Fifth Session of the First Legislative Assembly and summon all members to meet in this Chamber tomorrow at 1:30 p.m. for tomorrow’s opening of the Second Session.
Speaker: Item 22, I would like to make an announcement.
As Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Chair of the Order of Nunavut Advisory Council, it gives me great pride to announce this year’s recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
On January 1, 2010, the Order of Nunavut Act came into force.
The purpose of this bill is to recognize individuals who have made outstanding contributions to our territory.
This award is the highest honour of all recipients of Government of Nunavut awards, medals, or medals.
As of today, 15 individuals have been awarded the Order of Nunavut.
They have been recognized for their hard work and dedication to various sectors, including public service broadcasting, education, language promotion, and diversity, leadership, and economic development.
I am pleased to table two recipients of the Order of Nunavut this year: Ms. Betty Brewster and Mr. Ludy Pudluk.
I am very pleased that we are able to have Pudluk with us at this time.
Welcome, Mr. Pudluk.
As you know, my Colleagues, Betty Brewster, has been a well-known interpreter for many years.
In 2016, she was recognized for her work and dedication to receive the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit Language Award.
Mr. Pudluk, who served in the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of service, Mr. Pudluk represented the High Arctic communities and played a leading role in the creation of Nunavut.
I am pleased to announce that we will be undertaking the Accreditation Awards, which will be scheduled for Ms. Brewster and Mr. Pudluk during the spring 2018 sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
The presentation will be televised live in the Chamber of the Legislative Assembly and will be broadcast across Nunavut.
I am very proud of Commissioner Nellie Kusugak, who will be the recipient of this award, and I look forward to all members of this House joining me in this exciting day.
We will now return to the orders of the day.
Item 22, Orders of the Day.
Orders of the Day for March 20:
Opening Address
This House stands adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, 2018, at 1:30 p.m.
>>House adjourned at 19:25
Hon. David Akeeagok
Hon. Pattern Angnakak
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for Elders’ Advocate; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Ekaluaq
Minister of Justice; Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation; Minister responsible for the Status of Women; Minister of Human Resources
George Hickes
Hon. David Joanasie
Minister of Culture and Heritage; Minister of Education; Minister of Languages; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Joelie Kownirk
Mila Kamingoak
Hon. Lorne Kusugak
Minister of Community and Government Services; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Adam Lightstone
Arlooktoo Maine
(Arviat North-Whale Cove)
Simeon Mikkungwak
Margaret Nakashuk
Patterk Netser
Emiliano Qirngnuq
(Nattilik)
Hon. Paul Quassa
Deputy Premier; Minister of Family Services; Minister responsible for Homelessness; Minister responsible for Immigration
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik
Government House Leader; Minister of Economic Development and Transportation; Minister of Energy; Minister of Environment
Qatanie Towtongie
The Reverend is visiting the Church of Nunavut
"The whole world is now tied to what is happening tonight"
"Rodney Howard-Brown, Reverend Evangelius of Florida, is preaching in Iqaluit on August 27."
(Parliamentarian Thomas Romanow)
Britain’s Romanow Nunatsiaq News
"Private Reverend Evangelists Knowledge in Action, Climate Change Confidentiality and Commercial Earth will eradicate Christians who do not believe in it went to the Iqaluit Church on August 27."
"Rodney Hervard-Brown, who lives in Saddam Africa with the Junior Stitches movement, told a delegation here near Tompa Bay last year that the world’s superstars were honored in Luxembourg and drink their human blood donations."
He was brave for over an hour at the Iqaluit Church for over 100 people.
But their news is not for everyone.
"The whole world is now linked to what is happening tonight.
"When you want the light (interpreter), please stand here (the front door), or you can leave."
"It’s up to you," Hewitt-Brown said after two and a half hours of work."
Approximately 50 people attended.
"I didn’t travel several thousand miles to play.
"I didn’t come here to be liked, and I didn’t come here for your approval… remember: when Jesus died, he wanted people to leave the room."
"There were more people with infants, young people and elders."
"In the middle of the Church of Christian Bloody Falls Church near Iqaluit, the children squeezed between the chairs."
"In Chelsea, the church and Massachusetts are facing each other on both sides of the parking lot, which faces Ted Dog Lake."
"The Driving-Print was one of the organised events from the Bill Prankard Engineering Association’s Arctic Hope Project, in Ottawa."
The association did not respond to Nunatsiaq News until it was set up to hear about this issue.
"This Evangelistic event, which is the 119th of 300 destinations in urban events, began after an hour of events."
"Since then, the Iqaluit Church choir started the evening in Iqaluit shortly after the Yvonnegligent Reverend Louis Arreak, who helped set up the Christian Bloody Falls Church."
"Eric Garnan, a co-host of this is Howard-British Regiment of the Church of Independence, spoke for 40 minutes about the president."
"Lucy Arreak, Iqaluit’s Evangelist and singer, sings Rodney Howard-Brown before speaking."
(Expenditures from the Rebecca Minister of Innovation)
"Good loves the generous donor"
Gonzalez is asking attendees to submit their e-mail address through the registry and to follow the Hovworth-British Instagram (Instagram).
He handed out a package to buy the Hawthorn-British religious goods.
"And he tabled the Howard-Brown’s book, Killing the Planet, saying that he’s talking about the history of unfair commercial practices over the last 200 years."
"“That’s what he’s talking about in a racist Crazy, that’s exactly what he’s talking about,” Garnian says."
Gonzalez then filmed the 18 minutes long Hawthorn-Brown’s preaching experiences (evangelical).
"At the end of the movie, Howard-Brown prayed that donors of money to the Church of God would be given to the souls that the Church has protected."
"“God loves the generous donor,” Howard-Brown said in his video."
Garnia praised her parents at the end of the video.
"“The skates and one meets and together we celebrate the fruit and vegetables, so if you skate to this, it goes to the Church of your account."
That’s amazing."
"It’s about packaging that will be put in place and these people tell us that they can do their best to “best gift for soul,” or money, or money to go to RMI Canada, to use a card or cellphone."”"”
"“I have always heard from people, not to put the maximum amount of money in the pockets or the new phone…. Please use the church to boost and give spiritual peace."
Is that what he’s saying?"
A lot of people filled out the forms and taped the package and they were put in a blue card for the summer bulldozer.
Some of them just look at other people and they’re holding the bag.
There is one woman who doesn’t have anything to do with it and she puts it in her pocket.
Approximately half of Nunavut’s population is dependent on income support, such as food security, and housing.
"Health-Brown did not respond to a request for an interview with Nunatsiaq News, so it is not clear how much money he made."
Their profits are not made known to anyone but their website states that they provide skills in 158 places.
It also states that individuals wishing to participate in the Aviation Assistance Program may receive a tax credit.
Mr. Garnan said he wanted the attendees to raise their hands and hold the awards to the Rigby Church.
"“Thank you, we thank you for this gift, and we appreciate you being a representative of souls, let’s go to our banks,” Garnian says."
Three of the 1 Wood Residences were filled to capacity.
Rodney Howard-Brown is guiding the woman above her hands to touch her.
Reverend Patterk Netser calls a friend
"The Reverend Ibrahimovic already has a strong foundation in Nunavut, with escorts in most communities."
"The number of conferences held between the year-end and, between the year 2000, continues to increase."
"The one of the co-legislators of such summits, Roger Ambrose, stated in the Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that these summits are very vocal in terms of life expectancy such as violence and over-regulation."
But Mr. Howard-Brown’s guidance on investing in reciprocity and realism may be new to Nunavut.
"Patty Netser, a long-time Professor of Christian Democracy and now Nunavut’s Minister of Housing and Nunavut Arctic College, is called Hewitt-Brown’s “Askimo Friend” and told him that climate change is not true."”"”
"Mr. Netser didn’t want to be interviewed when he was interviewed by Nunatsiaq News but he said, “I'm a friend of mine and we talk to each other.”"”
"When he was asked to respond to Hawthorn-Brown’s numerous media stumbling blocks, he also suggested that the US Supreme Court should shoot the US Constitution as inappropriate, Mr. Netser said, "I am not responsible for the actions of the United States."
My main concern for my constituents and the people of Nunavut."
"Rodney Howard-Brown, the Reverend Ivanjilius from Florida, is preaching in Iqaluit on August 27. (Photo by Thomas Runner) "
"It’s going to be a fire on the ice"
"Every time they’ve done something, Hawthorn-Brown – the main character – went to the Reverend’s desk."
"“It’s going to be a power grid on the ice,” the missionary says of more than 100 people, more than the population, at different ages."
"“If you don’t want it, please just whisper to the door in your capabilities."
"Every hour, Hawthorne-Brown’s voice gets quiet and quiet."
When he stops, he asks for something to be done and he makes a lot of laughter.
"“I know that I don’t feel like I'm from Africa, so I'm doing that because my parents used to let me in, they never let me out,” he says to the laughs."
"Muscat was the first office (Deblatt).
The first one broke down and he had to go back and get another one.
And Adamie and Evie were the first Apple products."
"Hard-Brin became well known, for the most part, for laughing at meetings where the attendees were laughing."
"The victim was approached at the age of two, and he laughed 12 minutes before he left, Hewwwood-Brown says."
Horwood-Brown has received numerous complaints from other Evangelicals who are also proud of the world.
It’s called a typo and it’s called a religious preacher and it’s a laughing matter and it’s a laughing matter and it’s a laughing matter.
"Mr. Arreak, from Iqaluit Ivanjalis and a singer who helped with this event, used to laugh at the members when he was preaching."
"“This is not a funeral day, so why are people nervous?"
Horwood-Brown said.
Mr. Arreak laughs.
"We’re doing it in Jesus and it’s alive."
Mr. Arreak is laughing loudly.
"“I like the preacher,” he says to Mr. Arreak, and this laughs louder."
Howard-Brown is laughing with others just laughing.
"We’re very happy.
"Please enjoy the water, such as water reservoirs forever."
Mr. Arreak’s laughter came close to the top of the house.
"This is the reality.
No one will be arrested this evening."
"Mr. Arreak, in Nunatsiaq News, stated that he didn’t want to speak to the media, he was laughing again."
"Hawthorne-Brown also spoke incomprehensible language, saying that the language was understood in the indigenous language of this Papua New Genie presidency."
"Mar-No-ra-Pa.
"Grand-Paul-Pacific," he says."
Rodney Habsburg-Brown invites the guest at the church to take a bright breath.
Some are not laughing
However, many of the Harvard-British preachers are unpleasant and laughable.
There were a lot of people who went out on the land before he was guided.
"When he didn’t sacrifice the attendees, Hawthorn-Brown made a lot of rumours before they left."
"Where are you going to Brady?
He.
Hey!
Are you leaving?"
Howard-Brown speaks to one man quietly as he leaves the church.
"“Where are they going to take pictures and then they’re going out on the phone?"
You are a reporter for the daily news here?"
Attendants laughed.
"“I don’t know if it’s possible to go and adopt it and bring it back…. I find out how much it costs and why it’s taking pictures and why it’s taking off,” he says to one of his staff."
"When he asked them to go to the witness table after he was preaching, Hawthorn suddenly took over two female seats because he didn’t like the latter view."
"Have you revived?
"What do you say, Jihawa Veronica?"
The attendees laugh.
"I have never seen people sitting across the border who can’t change.
"You can squeeze other people, or maybe you’re better than others.""
These two ladies stood up and walked out.
"I'm just trying to ask.
"I do that, it’s my responsibility."
I know the physical condition of the individual.
Don’t bother me.
It’s not funny.
The whole north is now tied to what is happening tonight."
Responsibility staff are telling attendees not to take pictures or recordings.
"Unfortunately, these guys took pictures of the whole event."
When the Hawthorn-Brown touches them, they take pictures of them very close to them.
"Students from the Rebel Church of Independence Broadcasting Corporation’s website reflect a wide range of attendances when they are no longer whatsoever – face injuries that appear, no ice, mouth doors, or just on the floor."
Madam Harvard-Brown who touched her hands on the floor is crying under the table.
"In the near future, Howard-Brown and his staff are approaching it to affect the ethnic couples."
This event was originally intended for St. Jude’s
"The event was originally intended to be here at St. Jude’s Anglican Cathedral in Iqaluit, but it was changed."
"This change was switched from guests to Heathrow-Brown, the secretary of St. Joamie says."
"David Parsons, the Anglican Bishop for the North, said he did not know that this was Heath-Barron’s mission in St Jude’s."
"If he had known, he is saying that he would have stopped it because Hawthorn-British seems to be too much."
"As a result, the local Anglican Church did not comply with the requirement for the approval of the Bishop for the event, Barsons says."
"The Anglican Church’s role is to ensure that there is a sense of sensitivity, and that they deal with other churches, Barsons says."
"“There is a lot of respect for each other, and it doesn’t deal with the unfairness of religion and churches there."
Under Hawthorn’s program it seems to be a different program.
"I am not on the list of religious interests.
"If it were to be a winter event, something would have happened in the north," says the attendants."
"I don’t come for advice.
"Strengthening… if you have a good light, you have to be welcoming."
"In an unprecedented manner, Canada is quietly launching a new northern policy document"
The Liberals are saying that this new policy reflects a “significant change of direction"””
"Many of the wolves grew up in Bathurst Inlet, Nunavut."
"In light of the federal announcement of the next day’s election campaign, the Liberal government issued a long-awaited Northern Policy Strategy."
(Agenda)
By Jim Bell
"After the start of the national campaign, the Liberal Government, with little attendance, launched a long-awaited northern and northern policy strategy on September 10.
"The document, which establishes the first phase of the continuation of the action, is to replace the Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s 2009 Northern Strategy and the Harper’s Government’s 2010 Statement on the Canadian Northern Foreign Policy."
This is intended to guide federal policy in the North up to 2030 – but there is no implementation plan or political direction for future action.
"In terms of the work that is going to be done on the second phase, the action plan says."
"Unfortunately, this initiative from Carolyn Bennett, Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs and Northern Development, stated that this policy document revealed “a significant change to the direction of the federal government.”"”
The introduction of this policy is long overdue than expected.
"For this winter, Barnett said that this policy would be introduced in June."
CBC News reported earlier this month that a news release in Yellowknife was cancelled in August.
"The Liberals under section 8 of the “Strengthening,” which includes aims, and 10 (10) “Strengthening.”"”
"They discussed a number of policy issues, including community and regional economic development, building infrastructure, aboriginal rights, environmental protection, national security and foreign policy."
"When Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, on December 20, 2016, announced his government’s intention to develop new policies, he even promised that “political action” would be taken by northern governments and indigenous groups.”"”
"As a result, more than 25 indigenous organizations, including the Government of Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, the Yukon, Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador, joined in the co-ordination process."
"“In partnership with Canada’s Northern and Northern Policy Strategy, our partners helped us to understand and raise awareness of unnecessary rights and responsibilities across the various territories, responsibilities and citizenship rights across the north,” Barnett said in a news release."
"As well as some partners wrote the terms of reference, these are published separately from the policy document."
Some of these comments do not address federal policy.
"As such, the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, the Government of Nunavut, the Government of the Northwest Territories and the three territorial governments have shared their personal language with each other."
But there is something happening.
The writing system that has been submitted by the parties may not be able to represent the federal government’s policy.
This is a symbol of the possibility of a federal conflict of interest that would agree to more than 31 parties.
"“While the blueprints are part of the process, they do not simplify the views of the federal government or other partners,” the action document states."
The document also states that approval was a challenge.
"“Moments, goals and objectives and aspirations go hand in hand with many ideas and ideas."
What this means is that there is an agreement between the federal government and the aboriginal people involved in the approval process."
You can find a corresponding northern policy when I appear here.
8 goals
"One of the eight objectives of the action plan is to demonstrate the federal government’s commitment."
"• a strong, sustainable, diverse and sustainable community and regional economy."
• Canada’s Northern and Northern Aboriginal Peoples to be sustainable and healthy.
• The Canadian Arctic and the Arctic are Inuit in a safe and secure environment.
Strengthening industrialized industries from other parts of Canada could be re-established.
• The Act is based on a northern-based approach to new innovations and opportunities.
• Knowledge and Understanding Guidelines for decision-making.
• Canada’s Arctic and the Arctic’s livelihoods are healthy and consistent.
Reconciliation is a contribution to the continuity and religion of aboriginal and non-Inuit.
These objectives begin with a wide range of “businesses’ that have been redefined.”"”
Ten fundamentals
"In order to achieve these goals and objectives, the policy document outlines fundamental principles under which it is designed to “continue to implement the mandate":"”"”
"Assessments on the North will be shaped by co-operation and the involvement of northerners, rights, needs and northern interests."
"The rights and positions of the Government of Canada, provincial, aboriginal and local governments will be respected."
"Construction must be used and respected, social, cultural, economic and environmentally friendly."
"Continue to meet with aboriginal people on an ongoing basis, using the work of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission as a starting point, would be a success."
"When climate change is a serious issue on the land, it will take steps to address a number of impacts, including the impact on aboriginal people, on the continued use of land and wildlife in the cultural, economic, and food security."
"This policy and programme will symbolize inequality and equality, and facilitate resources such as gender-specific research (Gender-Based Analysis Plus) to be used to mitigate the effects of different types of society."
"The purpose of this program is to consider a wide range of ground-based initiatives such as rights, interests and circumstances such as Inuit, Northern Aboriginal and Circumpolar Affairs to be respected, defined and implemented."
"The Government of Canada recognizes that Inuit, Aboriginal and Circumpolar Affairs Canada, in a way that is inconsistent, is aware of the rights of communities, with their own experiences, including the federal government."
"Continue to work together on the basis of their rights, respect, co-operation in such areas as the promotion of interests, priorities and circumstances of each individual."
"Community groups, from independent sources to universities and universities, as well as non-profit sectors, community organizations and independent Canadians, have a key role to play in building a stronger Canadian Arctic."
The Nunavut Conservative candidate promotes the emissions trading scheme as a result of the increase in the cost of “humanitarian"””
Leona Aglukkaq talks about the role of a candidate for Nunavut
"Lena Aglukark, a territorial Conservative candidate, shows the Conservative President Andrew Snowyer agricultural from Iqaluit’s Sylvia Grenfell Park during his visit to the city on June 19.
(Parliament Emma Toronto)
Emma Dunder
"The Nunavut Conservative candidate says that if the Conservatives were to become a government, they would eliminate the emissions (carbon) tax because “it raises the prices for everything.”"”
Leona Aglukkaq began her campaign in Nunavut communities.
The Nunavut Attorney General started the campaign in Iqaluit on September 12 at the Frobisher Inn.
He was flying to Rankin Inlet the next day to Iqaluit and will not be returning next week.
Nunatsiaq News had an opportunity to speak with Ms. Aglukkaq when she was in Iqaluit.
"The emissions tax (carbon tax) “substantially increases the cost of air travel, goods, shipping, hunting and homeownership,” says Aglukark’s campaign poster.”"”
Ms. Aglukkaq also told the Nunatsiaq News that this tax has a negative impact on day care facilities and elders’ homes by increasing the heating costs.
"Whatever art is affected by this emissions tax."
Ms. Aglukkaq said.
"When we can’t pay the carbon tax, it’s like you can’t speak to the other side of the brain."
"However, Mr. George Hickes, the Nunavut Finance Minister, announced in May that by an agreement with Ottawa, lighting and aviation fuels in Nunavut now owned by this tax were exempted."
The Government of Nunavut and subsidised half of the greenhouse gas tax rate for Nunavummiut.
"Our campaign for Nunavut has four priorities: affordable housing, mental health, and job creation."
"How can we as a government and the private sector and the Government of Nunavut work together to address this huge need for housing across the north?"
"One of the priorities of Ms. Aglukkaq’s campaign is to develop a strategy that includes housing needs, elder housing and disability housing."
"The federal and territorial governments should also consider ways to promote homeownership, he says."
Ms. Aglukkaq also spoke of the need for a northern industrial and mental health training program for Nunavummiut.
"“Our territory is an enormous shoreline in Canada and we are still abandoned with the necessary marine infrastructure in our territory, so we have to consider large-scale measures like this in the north,” he says."
"“We must address the housing needs, build capacity for Nunavummiut in the area of mental health services so that we can support our communities."
"While it was thought that it would undermine the federal government’s Nutrition North program, Aglukark noted that the emissions tax on groceries has resulted in higher prices such as freight rates."
"When he was convinced that he was considering using this program, and if not, what he would do other than this carbon tax, he said he would consult with the Nutrition North Canada Advisory Board."
"He said that once the Conservatives become a government, the council would always exist."
"It is very important to have people in the north who can tell the government how to improve the program.
This is not a perfect project.
Not everything is perfect in the world.
But there has to be a subsidy for northern food."
"Ms. Aglukkaq did not want to make any clear whatsoever about the Nutrition North Canada Program, but said that there should be a subsidy for food and that it would not be “productive"."”"”
"Unfortunately, a study published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal found that food was becoming more difficult in Nunavut through the Nutrition North Canada Program, as outlined in the Canadian Community Health Survey."
"Ms. Aglukkaq said that her work as the Minister of Environment would help to address climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but she didn’t say exactly how she was going to deal with it."
He said he would support the Kivalliq sanitation project (hydro-fire link) and the Green Bay road and the Kitikmeot port for ships.
"Are we going to be able to stop using fossil fuels in the short term?
"No," he says."
"When the Conservative President Andrew Shield came to Iqaluit last June, he stressed the need for Nunavut to develop a recycling program, saying that it is “a very important” under the current Liberal government."”"”
Ms. Aglukkak said she believes that policies have been developed to provide people with the opportunity to talk to them about renewable resource development and it is unclear at this time.
"“The Nunavut Land Claims Agreement provides information on how businesses should be dealt with in the North. The Land Claims Agreement, in my opinion, is of the utmost importance in the environmental strategy."
"It protects our land, protects our waters, protects our wildlife."
"It has already been identified the need for how projects should be dealt with.
It’s a very important piece of legislation and we have to be proud of it.
"Our decisions about the North must come from the people of the North, not from Ottawa."
"He left the headquarters when he went to Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on September 19, his office said."
"The plan is also to travel to Pangnirtung, Qikiqtarjuaq and Clyde River before travelling to the Kivalliq and Kitikmeot."
Members will be seeking a new Nunavut Languages Commissioner
Holland Klengenberg is retired from his position on health issues
"The Legislative Assembly of Nunavut will soon be looking for a new Nunavut Languages Commissioner, after Helen Klengenberg resigned from her position."
Kalanberg has served as the Languages Commissioner since 2017.
Nunatsiaq News
"The Legislative Assembly of Nunavut will soon be looking for a new Languages Commissioner, following the resignation of Helen Klengenberg of this position."
"Connorburg, who served as Nunavut’s Languages Commissioner in June of 2017, resigned not too long ago on health issues."
"The Languages Commissioner plays a significant role in the work of the Attorney General of Nunavut and reports to the Legislative Assembly, which is now the Legislative Assembly’s substitute."
"That would be done through the Management and Services Board, which is the Standing Committee of the Legislative Assembly which is responsible for the Legislative Assembly’s operations, Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a brief statement on September 17th."
"“I anticipate that the Management and Services Board will begin the process of staffing this position in the near future and we will announce if necessary,” Mr. Mikkungwak said."
"The Languages Commissioner’s job, under the mandate outlined in the Official Languages Act, is to provide language rights monitoring in Nunavut."
"Clendenberg was appointed in 2017 after a long search for almost a year, with the sudden resignation of Sandra Inutiq in June 2016."
Inutiq resigned from her position a month later after submitting a report on the Qikiqtani General Hospital that the hospital does not have a language policy and does not provide services to Inuktitut and French-speaking patients.
He also indicated that the Deputy Minister of Health had applied for a year’s records check.
"In the end, the Members of the Legislative Assembly made an advertisement for the position three times before the appointment of Mr. Kathleenberg."
"In2017, the Languages Commissioner’s term of office was paid between $119,000 to $170,000 per year, with a northern rate of $15,016 per year, 25 days per vacation payable and other benefits."
The Inuit Circumpolar Conference to expand the Inuit Circumpolar Conference
"The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami’s campaign priorities included reducing inequality, building industries, Inuit-owned enterprises"
The Canadian Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circ””
The Inuit Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circ””
"In its support, the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami issued nine formal comments on the priorities of candidates wishing to consider during the current federal campaign."
"It’s one of the most unprecedented landscapes in the country.
"The Inuit are exercising discrimination against other Canadians, as well as other Canadians in the Inuit Circumpolar Conference," the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami newspaper quoted."
"In addition to this, the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami also issued a list of interests for the next federal government in the 2020 budget, which is likely to be released in February or March."
This operational contribution strongly recommends that the next Government of Canada continue to implement Inuit-specific policies with respect to Inuit-specific benefits.
"“The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami is telling all provincial and territorial governments to work towards the implementation of Inuit-specific policy across all levels of government, so that Inuit can have access and benefit from policies, programs and measures that are intended for the benefit of our people,” ITK President Nathan Obed said in a news release."
In each of these two documents it contains the following demands:
• Incorporating all 51 Inuit communities through the use of Papua Abbott (final Electronic Devices) by 2031.
• Eliminating technical problems in the north before 2030.
Concluding all four public housing units in the north within two years.
Re-establishing over-expenditure facilities.
Re-establish family violence shelters and temporary housing.
Increased investment in people with mental health and suicide prevention.
The nine identified Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami’s language priorities are as follows:
Clause 1.
Work on social activities and suicide prevention.
No. 2.
Responsibility for housing will ensure that all waitlists have access to public housing in the north after two years of election.
No. 3.
"Continue to work on energy and climate change, to ensure that Canadians do not get out of the greenhouse gas emissions by 2050."
No. 4.
Work to strengthen public-private partnerships.
Item 5.
"Continue building industries and economic independence, beginning with the creation of a Northern Infrastructure Assistance Program, which will be available in all four regions of the Inuit, beginning with a contribution of $1 billion."
Item 6.
Work on making education more equal to Inuit and non-Inuit.
Item 7.
"Implementing the laws that are binding on donations made in Canada to investigate the disappearance and murder of indigenous women, along with 46 specific Inuit legal obligations."
Item 8.
Address food insecurity and food insecurity.
Item 9.
Work towards advancing Inuit interests in science.
"The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami is a culture of non-proliferation, and has not supported any parliamentary process."
"In light of CBC Canada’s survey, from September 20, the Liberal Law Center for Canada and Conservative National Survey were balanced."
"The Electoral Boundaries Commission, which compiles all of the public information gathered, provides that the current Conservative 34.7 percent support, the Liberals are approximately 34.1 percent, the New Democrats are 13.5 percent, and the Green Paper is 9.6 percent, Pollock Quebec is 4.4 percent, and Peabody is in Canada is 2.8 percent."
The Electoral Boundaries Commission and the fact is that the Liberals have more room for more seats.
"The federal election will be held here Monday, October 21."
Nunavut has a new polar bear management plan: NWMB (NWMB)
"We will do what we can to make sure that this is the case before the polar bear season."
"Nunavut’s new polar bear management plan establishes a total allowable harvest of male and female polar bears for all of Nunavut’s polar bears, which was announced by the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board."
(Parliamentarian Jane George)
By Jane George
Cambridge Bay – Government of Nunavut agrees to a new polar bear management plan.
This was a news release from the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board members at the Kitikmeot Wildlife Management Board meeting in Cambridge Bay last week.
"The proposed new polar bear management plan is to provide a balanced male and female polar bear harvest for Nunavut’s polar bear population, which the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board Chairman Don Shewchuk, said to the delegation."
"January in Cambridge Bay is the first of three regional wildlife boards to be held between him and Jason Akeeagok, the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board’s director, who they wish to attend."
Akeagok said the polar bear management plan was a “significant undertaking."””
"“We are going to do what we can to make sure that this is the case before the polar bear season,” he says."
"The plan has been under consideration for almost five years, and it was discussed to develop a plan last March at the Iqaluit Nunavut Wildlife Management Board meeting."
The plan will be in place until 2029.
This female polar bear lands in the ocean near Arctic Bay when the four floors are watching.
"In the new polar bear management plan, polar bear threatening kills in three communities would reduce noise."
(professional photographer Niore Iqalukjuak)
"In all the countries in the 19th century polar bears, 12 are more in Nunavut."
Polar bear quotas have been set by zones (e.g. male only) of these polar bears – and the TAH for polar bear conservation is included in the year’s polar bear quotas for the communities.
"Although this new plan will not increase the total allowable harvest at this time, new total allowable harvests may begin to consider new data when it receives it."
"In the past, Nunavut communities were allowed to harvest one female polar bear with two males harvested through the annual community polar bear tags."
"That was done only by the people here in Baffin Bay for polar bears, in this area there is a balance between male and female, under the new plan, it will not matter whether the polar bear is male or female but it has to be balanced."
The names would be half of the tags.
This new equivalent of male/male polar bear subpopulation will allow communities to harvest polar bear protection if necessary.
"The increased number of polar bears coming into the communities has been a concern in Nunavut since the death of two polar bears in the Kivalliq region last year – however, under the current management plan, the protection of the killing of a polar bear and if it is a female, then it would be used for two tags."
As a result, some communities will no longer have any tags to protect their polar bear quotas.
"This new plan will allow communities to reduce the importation of polar bears," Susak said in Nunatsiaq News."
"However, he previously stated that polar bears approach the trauma of Inuit culture and lifestyle, because of the destruction of cabins, birds and seals."
Participants at the meeting in Cambridge Bay welcomed changes to the polar bear management plan.
They were also pleased to note that Qimirrujiit will now have five more tags for grizzly bears.
There was a big picture of Aklavik and he was shot and this was too close to the cabins here in the Mountain Polly.
"As for the bottom line, for this new polar bear management plan they may have something else to consider."
"The future of polar bears is unclear as a result of climate change. According to the 2018 study by the Standing Committee on the types of species that may disappear in Canada (COSEWIC), this committee, the type of species that may disappear in Canada (COSEWIC), re-evaluated the polar bear population as a “significant concern.”"”
It means that polar bears may be at risk or disappear as a result of combined livelihoods and identified trauma.
Nunavut’s Standing Committee extends the deadline for submissions to Bill 25
The Committee will receive comments from the following 5 p.m. on October 11th
"Jan Main, the Chair of the Standing Committee on Legislation, said the committee would extend the public’s interest in this Bill 25 and that the committee would review the Act."
By Emma Toronto
"The Legislative Assembly of Nunavut’s Standing Committee on Legislation will continue to receive comments from the public on Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, until October 11."
They had the final say on September 13.
"“Mr. Speaker, my colleagues would like to express our appreciation to Nunavummiut for their input in writing this important piece of legislation,” Committee Chairperson John Maine said on Thursday, September 26th in a press release."
A person was welcomed to provide materials to the Standing Committee when Bill 25 was introduced during the Supreme Court’s spring sitting in June.
The second reading was passed and referred to the standing committee for review.
"The Committee met in mid-September to review the Act, as well as the public submissions on it."
The standing committee also announced that it will extend its review of Bill 25 during the fall sitting to allow the televised proceedings of the Legislative Assembly to be held for two weeks at the end of November.
"“The Minister of Education and the guests will appear before the Standing Committee to find out, so that they can give Nunavummiut an opportunity to watch what we are doing,” Men said in a press release."
"Regulation 25 proposes to be phased in, for 20 years (20), which will provide Inuktut instruction in schools from kindergarten to grade 12.
"At the same time, the Act would establish the Inuit Language Protection Act as part of the Education Act, and extend the deadline for the implementation of bilingual education in grades 4 to 12 of the framework for action that expires July 1, 2039."
"A detailed analysis and action plan for the committee’s consultations will be made available in the near future, as the report states."
"The House of Commons reconvenes for the fall of Thursday, October 17.
"Reports will be received until 5:00 p.m. Friday, October 11th."
All input and contributions will be made public during the fall sitting.
Notes may be referred to:
"Jan Maine, MLA"
"Mr. Chairman, Standing Committee on Legislation"
Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Editors of Hansard
"Iqaluit, Nunavut"
X0A 0H0
Tel (867) 975-5000
Fax (867) 975-5191
Website: www.assembly.nu.ca
Inuktut Roman orthography – Establishment and Appeal
Our contribution today to our children and future generations
The Inuktitut Roman orthography writing system is available in all of the Inuit languages across Canada.
The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has stated that it will not replace the syllabics and that the traditional syllabics and other syllabics will be used.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has also stated that Inuit traditional writing systems will not have to change the way they use the writing system.
Secretary of State Merci 'man'
"I was very pleased to hear that the Joint Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami unanimously approved the new Inuktut writing system, namely the Inuktut Roman orthography that was released earlier this month."
The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami means “continue to the rest of Canada’s population” and there are few examples of the strengths that our people have shared with each other in a way that is consistent with our survival and our culture and language.”"”
That’s very encouraging for me at this time.
"In June of 2011, when I was the President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, we launched a strong revitalization program to change our education system."
"We committed to a national approach to the Innuinaqtun education system with 10 strong initiatives that were developed in partnership with our children to ensure that they have the skills they need, the safety of Inuktitut and culture and language."
Our recommendations included the establishment of a centralized public registry system.
Innuinaqtun Canadians have spent many years reaching this goal and reaching a new heritage.
Inuinnaqtun Language Preservation staff in all communities across the Inuit homeland conducted the Inuktut Roman orthography program.
This means that we are going to have one writing system in all of the Inuit languages that can be used properly.
This is a new spelling system that will evolve.
"It is not going to replace the Inuktitut writing system or replace the traditional community writing system, it is being used as a tool to participate in the existing writing system to improve the quality of Inuit communications."
It is our gift today to our children and future generations.
I can now envision that the people of Canada will be better able to communicate and share learning materials and curriculum that will provide high-quality education when it comes to issues and our children will be able to graduate from high school in both languages with the ability to write and speak.
"In the Western Balkans, we face the challenges of social cohesion, the culture of Qallunaat, our way of life, our family structures, and our language."
But we are here today.
Over the years we had to look at our experiences to find out who we are today and why we are in a situation today.
I believe that we now have a quota system that we have to look back on or are we going to have to look ahead to the future.
The use of Inuktitut in Roman orthography in Canada by all people is my understanding that we want to move forward as a united society.
"When eight years ago we began the development of a national program for Inuit education, we were able to deliver a language of “Inuktitut” that will mean all individuals in each language, regardless of their dialects."”"”
To me this gives me the opportunity to see the single currency, which we can overcome in all aspects of dealing with false obstacles.
"Our language and identity are preserved, and our language is healthy."
It is my hope that we will be able to use Inuktitut in all languages and writing systems and move forward as we work together to fill our geographic gaps as individuals.
"Mr. Simon was the former President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami in 2011 when they released the Canadian Mission to Inuit Education, which included a recommendation to create a single writing system for the Inuit language."
The Vince Commission is an apology to the Quebec Premier
"“A number of policies, policies, practices or departmental practices used in this area of inequality and inconsistencies are the beginning""
"Community Premier Francois Leigh apologized to the First Nations and Inuit of Quebec on October 2, following a news release that discriminated against the obligations of the Public Service."
(English)
"Unfortunately, the Quebec Government has not exercised its responsibilities to the aboriginal people, Ligur said."
"Lago apologized – the first of 142 decisions made in the report – at the National Aboriginal Circumpolar Conference on Wednesday, October 2, two days after the former Supreme Court judge Jack Baines, who was the Commission’s Director of Excellence, released his report."
"It’s not enough, Ligo says."
He said that he would look at all the decisions and find out exactly why there is discrimination.
"“Many laws, policies, practices or departmental practices used inequality and inconsistencies have resulted in a significant disadvantage in the delivery of services to First Nations and Inuit,” Mr. Vince stated in his September 30th report."
"The inquiry focused on the role of aboriginal people in law enforcement, legal systems, corrections, health and social services, and youth intervention services."
Lucy Grey was an Inuk spokesman for the Vince Commission.
"Thank you, in November 2018, he spoke about the inquiry."
(Parliamentarian Sara Rogers)
"The Kativik Civil Liberties Government issued a news release stating the importance of these decisions and the following recommendations, to improve relations between the Aboriginal Peoples and the Quebec Government."
"In particular, the Kativik Community Government strongly urged the Government to hold this decision to allow videoconferencing for offenders in small communities, as the Kativik Government has consulted with the Quebec Government."
"“The Kamatsiaqtut Civil Liberties Government is committed to working closely with all levels of government and other regional organizations to implement the Commission’s recommendations under its programs,” stated the Kativik Community Government Chairperson Jennifer Merkel in a news release."
In Nunavik, the Department of Health and Social Services also responded to this report by saying that members continue to have concerns with the Commission regarding the issue of health and social services and youth protection services.
The need for support and management of health and social services was also raised by members during the study.
"“It will be the first time that the Quebec Government will be working on a report on the recommendations, as well as through a bilateral framework and process,” says Director Minnie Green in the October 2 press release."
Members also appreciated the Commission’s call for the Quebec Ambulance Service to be responsible for the 142 decisions to be implemented.
Makivik President Charlie Ford also spoke about the research that was being conducted in Nunavik and stated in the October 1 news release that Inuit were able to speak to the studies.
"“Initially, as a result, my fellow citizens spoke to the Commission about their activities in the areas of health, justice, social services, youth protection, malnutrition problems and other aspects of Quebec’s government services,” Ford said."
"As stated in the report’s response, “In accordance with the first recommendation – that Quebec apologizes to Inuit and First Nations for discriminating against the public service to our people – we now feel that we are heard.”"”
Three law firms promise that Nunavut’s Technicolor Fuel Use will be halted by 2030
"There is a lot of interest"
Students walked four foxes in Iqaluit on September 27 including the Global Climate Change Campaign.
Three lawmakers in the federal government announced plans to ban Nunavut’s use of fossil fuels by 2030.
(President Dustin Patter)
Dustin Paddock
"In the recent federal election, three law firms announced that Nunavut’s use of Technicolor Fuel will be banned by 2030."
"While all 25 communities in Nunavut have diesel generators operated by the Qulliq Energy Corporation, only the Power Corporation in Canada does not have genetically modified light bulbs."
Changes to this would be a huge and costly task.
"“This is a very ambitious project,” says Martha Lenny, the Arctic Renewable Energy Officer for the World Wildlife Fund."
"“It’s probably easy, just a little bit of talent.""
The Green Paper’s campaign promises to "promote the use of renewable energy sources.
"2030, all of Canada’s electricity will go through renewable energy."
This includes outpost camps in northern communities such as telehandlers to be disposed of."
"The Liberal Party stated that it would “continue to invest in ensuring that the people in the communities of Teachel are eradicated from fossil fuels but will have electricity using clean, renewable energy sources – like hydro, wind and solar power – by 2030.”"”
The New Technologies Battisti (NDP) stated that "to invest in Canada’s energy-efficient greenhouse gas emissions after 2030…. This reduction in greenhouse gas emissions will provide energy-efficient ideas for communities and create jobs.
"We would support initiatives such as community ownership and the operation of clean energy projects to provide employment opportunities for residents and qualified individuals, as well as to work with aboriginal and circumpolar communities to reduce the use of Teachel Fuel."
"In the context of Environment and Climate Change Canada’s report released earlier this year, greenhouse gas emissions in Nunavut account for less than 1 percent of this impact."
"In2017, Nunavut produced an average of 0.6 megawatts (megatonnes) of greenhouse gas emissions (carbon dioxide), of which approximately 18,000 cars could be occupied."
"In the same year, Aberdeen, which is the country’s largest emissions trading partner, produced over 84 million vehicles that could be occupied."
"Although this is the case, Nunavut has seen that carbon dioxide emissions from cars have increased by 30 percent since 2005, with the largest increase in Canada and Alberta almost doubled, which is the second increase in the same area."
"Although energy changes are being made to the three proposed Supreme Court of Canada to reduce emissions, the impact of Canada’s greenhouse gas emissions will still be very small."
The communities have this equipment.
"Nunavut pays the highest rate of electricity in all other parts of Canada, and funding for energy would reduce this."
"Nevertheless, action on renewable energy projects such as this may be inconsistent with payments to existing sources of energy."
"On this past week, the World Wildlife Organization released a report which discussed how energy can be used to provide energy in each of the 25 communities of Nunavut."
"It was noted that with a reduced rate of 8 percent – primarily as a result of the risks associated with the program or other sources of revenue – Baker Lake, Coral Harbour, Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet would be saving by moving 20 percent from renewable energy, including direct payments over the next 15 years."
The study also indicated that 16 other communities have a 4 percent subsidy – approximately the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s borrowing limit – and approximately $2 million in subsidy and 20 percent in resources.
"The report only talks about the feasibility of these projects, with only a decision to move renewable energy sources to lower the current energy costs."
However, moving communities with the potential for renewable energy would be a major undertaking.
"“There would have to be consultation, and they would have to start next year in order to meet the energy needs of all the communities,” says Leonard."
"“They would have to go to the communities, work with them on what they want to do, and how the community envisions energy, to see what their priorities would be and what the communities would be most important for campgrounds and hunting."
"There is no such thing as the development of a combination of solar panels or wind turbines, which would take two years to collect, or work with the Qulliq Energy Corporation to ensure that renewable energy sources are reliable."
"The transfer of 100 percent from all communities to renewable energy, which is the result of the three proposed Supreme Court Justices’ experiences, would not only be a long-term project but also a significant investment."
"The New Democratic Party (NDP) and the Liberal (Liberal) have not announced yet how much money they would contribute to the move, the Green Paper (Green Party) said last week."
"In addition to the campaign spending report, Green Package announced that it will provide $150 million over five years for the relocation of all outpost camps and northern communities – not just in Nunavut – to reduce the use of Teachel Fuel."
It’s not enough however.
"Mr. Leonard pointed out that if a community like Arctic Bay were to move or even 60 percent of its energy, it would require an operating cost of approximately $27.8 million."
"In the same report, for other communities if they’re going to use 60 percent of renewable energy, they would have to use a higher rate."
"In Iqaluit, the estimated cost is around $148 million."
"Although it is clear that it is less than $250-500 million dollars that would have been energy-efficient in the city, this would apply to one community that the Green Paper would like to contribute."
"Nobody expects the federal government to pay for all of these projects, but they also indicated that it would be a project and how it would be dealt with and it would take a lot of time."
"In view of the 2030 deadline, there will be very little time."
"“In terms of hydroelectric power, I think it would be two to five years."
"In terms of energy, it would appear that it would take five to seven years," said Leonard when asked how much energy would be involved."
"When you look at the deadlines and divide them into 25 communities and if they’re going to be done at the same time in the remote communities and the land is not always available, Lenny is thinking about how it’s going to be done, looking at the potential, he’s saying that it’s possible."
"“I think that when it comes to destinations, this is going to be a major change."
"If we don’t even get to 1000 percent, then there’s a lot of interest."
"Please note: This book refers to the federal nominations of the following Green Barty, Liberal Party and New Democrats (NDP)."
"In the preparation of this book, Conservative Party has not yet announced what they are running for, so they are excluded from this report."
Subject: Operations of the Early Childhood Education and Childcare Facilities
It is important to recognize the value of early childhood education and child care workers in Nunavut.
"Closer Williamson Patrick, Chair of the Footprints Daycare Board, is seeking additional support from the Government of Nunavut for quality early childhood education and child care based on Inuit language and culture."
Nunatsiaq News
Letters to the Premier of Nunavut, Joe Savikataaq, and the Minister of Education, David Joanasie, and Minister Joanasie.
I am one of those people who cares deeply about our language and culture.
"I am the Chairperson of the Footprints Daycare, the Inuktitut Language School for Early Childhood Education in Iqaluit and the only one in Iqaluit at the headquarters in Nunavut that brings in child care children who are already speaking Inuktitut."
"This small daycare was closed on August 21st, September 12, 2019 due to staffing shortages which had to be closed and, furthermore, has been operating under a full-time capacity for almost a year."
"Many people apply for a job in the Footprints daycare because of low pay (which is one of the highest daycare costs), employees who don’t have income support, are not provided housing because they are seen as low-income women as a job in the daycare as they see it."
"The centre is now open again, but the urgency of the operation is now challenging: we lost our dedicated staff member because he was tired of resigning."
"On a part-time basis we now have an office manager, a full-time daycare manager, two child care workers and each child who works on a rotating basis at the daycare (which all have criminal records checks and safety), who work full-time, while we are looking for a staff member, who is qualified to do the job."
"This system is not normal, but for those of us who have children, we believe that our children should be safe and speak Inuktitut to keep the centre open."
It is still dangerous for the possibility of closing it permanently.
"When Nunavut’s childcare system currently operates as a non-profit organization, departmental staff are expected to provide one of the most important services for a child in order to provide quality early childhood education, which is based on Inuit culture and language, however cost-effective and under-represented."
The non-profit society relies on a number of different sources of funding each year, as well as the number of parents who volunteer to operate and manage the daycare centre.
"Community workers suffer from a lack of pay and benefits, lack of training for their jobs and lack of staff housing."
Daycare staff are currently being asked to work to meet the needs of either self-reliance or family members.
We are going through a very difficult time with our daycares because we need special staff with the necessary skills to promote and preserve the Inuit language and culture of our young children; Footprints hires Inuktitut speaking professionals only.
We are 100 percent Inuit employment.
However, due to the high turnover of our staff, there is a shortage of staff due to the lack of competition and benefits for employees who resign.
"As such, it has an impact on early childhood education and early childhood education."
Inuit deserve our full support in this area and value our language and culture to be taught to our children.
The Government of Nunavut should consider how best to help ensure that quality early childhood education and child care are based on Inuit language and culture.
"Effective early childhood education and child care workers are paid by competitors and public benefits, which include housing in their work, vacation travel, training in the workplace and in the school."
Footprints' vision is to expand the daycare with a public presence and to increase resources so that more Inuit children can have space.
"We have been looking for a larger daycare facility to make this vision a success, so we have raised close to $80,000 for a new space collection."
It proposes the following amendments to the Government of Nunavut:
"Continue to include early childhood education and child care workers as part of the Government of Nunavut’s public service to provide equal pay for the Government of Nunavut’s payroll, in line with the Government of Nunavut’s rate of eight escalation, applied to employees of the Nunavut school system;"
• Incorporating the operations and maintenance of child care facilities in Nunavut into the education system;
"• Provide benefits to Early Childhood Education and Childcare Workers but not limited to short-term measures that include long-term patient vacation travel, vacation travel, bilingual bonus, parental leave and housing."
• Establishing a body to support all daycares in Nunavut;
• Working with day care centres to address the immediate crisis together we will work together to develop a long-term plan for the operation of day cares with changes.
It is important to recognize the value of early childhood education and child care workers in Nunavut are vital to our workforce.
We want to ensure that our daycares are fully staffed with full-time positions and that all staff receive benefits.
We have to keep our daycares open.
"To change the administration of the Child Care Act, Nunavut Early Childhood Education and Childcare Workers will lose their jobs will enable them to take the important step forward in making early childhood education and child care operations the most effective way of life for children to begin, including the ability to learn the Inuit language, grow up based on Inuit societal values, and become active members of the Canadian society."
"Accordingly,"
Laakuluk Williamson Barrieau
"Strengthening, Footprints Daycare (Iqaluit Inuktut Daycare Society) Board of Directors"
Do you recognize these people in the picture?
"I know this picture is quite old."
"In the editorial behind the photograph, it was filmed in Kugluktuk, Nunavut – at the time it was called the English version of Coppermine – May 18, 1930."
This author found his grandfather’s belongings when he passed away and he would like to know if these people can identify these women.
I found this picture of my grandfather’s property when he passed away.
"He was accompanied by Dr. James Jamieson, and I knew he was a former nurse in the Canadian Forces (Royal Canadian Air Force) during the Second World War, where he is here for his work in Newfoundland and Goose Bay, Labrador."
"I don’t really know when he got this copy or this article J.H. (in the photo), but I knew that he had northern knowledge."
"I know this picture was taken a long time ago, but there would be recognition… and even if they were part of that picture they would like to get it."
"Congratulations,"
Sara Howard
"North Bay, originally from Ontario, now lives in Prince Edward Island."
This word is written behind the Inuit women’s mirror.
Inuit Language rights were established at the Montreal Roundtable for Inuktitut-speaking public meetings
"It relates to the Inuit cultural schooling and it was like this – using the Inuit language."
"NTI President Aluki Kuuttiq, on his right, speaks to the theme “Inuktitut Right” on Thursday October 3, at the Inuit Circumpolar Conference in Montreal."”"”
"My colleague, Louis Tapardjuk, is a member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, Nunavut’s Language Authority."
Even though there are no interpreters, these two people were always speaking in Inuktitut.
(Parliament Lisa Gregory)
Lisa Gregor is not always used from Nunatsiaq News
"The Boarding Home was vocal on Thursday, October 3, when people attended the 21st Inuit Customs Education Conference as they entered the Chamber to hear two Inuit leaders talk about why the Inuktitut language in Nunavut is a right to life and this right seems to have been rejected."
"NTI President Aluki Kuuttiq and Louis Tapardjuk, former Government of Nunavut Minister and member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, Nunavut’s Language Authority, attended in a timely manner and sat in front of the chairs of the Inuit Circumpolar Conference."
"The tribunal was set up to provide direct access to Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated’s Webber channel, which was broadcast on a variety of websites that were available to English speakers, and the attendees were mostly Inuit and were able to listen to the speakers."
"Student welcomed guests and began speaking in Inuktitut, while Inuktitut-speaking speakers sometimes swore their heads and clapping."
"There were people who couldn’t speak Inuktitut, including this author, who just sat there and looked at it."
Some people just walked out.
Some of them are just trying to listen to their telephones while they are working on the English version.
There was no English version.
Welcome to an amazing community of many people in Nunavut.
"“That’s in regards to the Inuit culture education so it was like, especially when we were talking about the Inuit language, we wanted to use the Inuit language,” Kuuttiq said at the beginning."
"We discussed this and know that there will be no interpreters but we felt that it was very important that we use our language when we talk about the need for assistance and the continuation of our language development."
"The Nunavut Roundtable, which brings together northern experts from the north and the south, has, in recent times, begun to involve more Inuktitut speakers and mission staff, at the conference to focus more on Inuit needs and to work more closely with Inuit and non-Inuit educated."
"The Inuit Circumpolar Conference, which deals with the language as a human right, seemed to be in the process of developing this."
Mr. Kutiq’s explanatory statement addressed the many pieces of legislation that require the revitalization and preservation of the Inuktitut language in Nunavut with more Inuit and more Inuktitut speaking.
"The Charter of Rights and Freedoms of the United Nations (June Nasons) Act provides for the rights of indigenous peoples (e.g. to come here for action and legal action from the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Canadian Inquiry on the murder and disappearance of indigenous women and girls, as well as Nunavut’s language legislation."
"Quadras described a significant number of recent Inuit deaths, partially, in the areas of language and cultural ports, such as Annie Kootoo, the deceased tide in 2017, and this 15-year-old Eileen Kooneeliusie, passed away due to tuberculosis in the same winter."
"People want to have the right to live and have the right to live.
"Canada people should not die due to lack of access and services in parallel with other Canadians," Kutiq wrote in a statement."
"In his opening comments, Mr. Tapardjuk made a statement a few days ago about an incident that occurred in Iqaluit. In this case, the RCMP went to an elder to say that his adopted son had been vaccinated for the death of the youth centre."
This woman is single and she is unilingual.
Mr. Tapardjuk said that the RCMP had to stop the vehicle for assistance in order to inform the bad news.
"“There are a lot of things that could have happened through this report that this person has the help of changing his life, he didn’t even have an interpreter,” Kuuttiq told the Nunatsiaq News."
"A lot of us who speak English and Inuktitut are invited to work.
"We are thought to be able to interpret at any time, even if we don’t know the people."
Sometimes it’s confidential.
"What, in this way, I can say is the violation of human rights."
"The Commissioner stressed that even Inuktitut-speaking people in Nunavut should have access to professional services in their own language in the areas of health, justice and education."
Things aren’t even available.
This and other leaders continue to call on the federal government to protect the language and ethnicity of their home communities.
Ottawa passed a new Aboriginal Language Act in June which was dissatisfied with Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami saying that their decisions were ignored.
"Christopher said he wanted people to know, "We are the ones who are the authorities."
Let’s speak in Inuktitut when we go to the store.
Let’s speak in Inuktitut when we go to the bank.
Let’s speak Inuktitut when we go to school.
"If we speak more Inuktitut and ignore those who can’t understand it, then they will be given a larger portion of what they need."
QIA announces compensation package for tourism operators in Inuit owned lands
Expenditure immediately
"The tourism operators who visit the island residents of Nunavut will now have to pay for tourism expenses in order to have access to the Inuit land, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced its annual general meeting in Iqaluit from October 8 to 10.
"Building tourism operators are now obliged to pay for their own country of origin in the Qikiqtani region, which the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit on Wednesday, October 9.
The Qikiqtani region holds the highest number of cruise ships in all of Nunavut.
"Some of the 17 cruise ships were visited this summer, while Iqaluit was visited by four."
"“Many of the Qikiqtani communities have expressed concerns regarding the increase in tourism activity in our region, especially in the area of cruise ships."
"The Qikiqtani Inuit Association established a tourism management fee to assist individuals in communities impacted by cruise ships," P.J. Akeeagok, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association president, said in a news release."
Information provided by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s Geoscience and Recycling Division indicated new expenditures.
New expenditures include:
Flight landing on Inuit lands: $150
Helicopter landing on Inuit lands: $100
Commercial Tammaativviks in the Inuit communities: $50 a day
• Commercial Access to Visitors in the Gallery within 6 hours of Inuit Lands: $25.00 per day
"Approximately half of the payments would go to HTOs that are closest to the tourism industry that is available, the news release stated."
The other half would go to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
"The number of passengers travelling to Nunavut ranges from 150 to 400, Roseanne Derrier, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s Director of Geoscience and Renewable Resource, noted at the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s recent meeting."
This $25 per day fee would apply to all passengers transporting people to their own communities – or IOL (IOL).
"“No matter what the Inuit are on the ship if they are going to be out on the land, they will be charged according to the number of people on the ship,” the Terrorist said to the board."
The Terrorist said the ships carrying people to the islands will have to submit to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association the number of people who will be on board each month or before they start boating.
"“If the ship carrying 350 people, we would charge $25 a day per person."
"The larger people carrying ships would have to pay anywhere from $10,000 to $20,000 to get to the land on the Inuit own land," Terrorist says."
"In many communities where cruise ships are visited during the summer, like in Pond Inlet, the HTO would receive between $50,000 to $70,000 in fees," he added.
The new payment will also assist the Qikiqtani Inuit Association in accessing the Land Registry.
"In this case, tourism operators would be made aware of any new fees that they apply for access to Inuit owned lands."
The Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circ
"So Otokiak, Parks Canada charges $25 per person to go to a national park."
"Many of them also charge people to carry cruise ships and tourism operators going into their communities," DiCaprio says."
"“Many people who carry people who have been able to go to their own communities are penalized for this unless the people actually come to our own country,” he says."
"Joe Ataguttaaluk, QIA Secretary/Financial Officer, asked if it was possible that these payments would be increased in the future."
"The Premier stated that it would be possible to make changes, but it would have to be discussed and resolved by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association Council."
"This is a very exciting event.
"We are now a leader again where people can benefit from their communities," Mr. Akeeagok said to the council."
"The bids will come into effect immediately, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association said."
Baffinland’s massive heavy equipment loader is a concern for Pond Inlet residents.
"Volkswagen thinks that when we don’t know whether the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government has a pre-approval of the project?"
"The Ship of the Bellevue Principals (Big Barnsz) is anchored by Bremer in Heaven, Germany last summer."
"In that area you can see that there are two potential construction projects, 33 and 34 metres high, that were taken from the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation and delivered to the Mary River mine this summer."
Two smaller houses are also being transported from the front.
"The purpose of this project is to expand the railway line, which has not yet been approved by the regulatory authorities."
(produced by TysonCrab)
Community leaders in Pond Inlet are frustrated by the massive shiploading of rail parts of the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation’s Mary River mine this summer.
"What concerns me is that, as a result of the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation’s proposed expansion of phase 2 of the business plan, which has not yet been approved by the authorities, Baffinland brought two large ten-plex units to Bremerhin, Germany, to the company’s docking facility for Mary River in North Baffin this summer."
"There were also two smaller units that could be built and large-scale railways would be used in the construction, such as roads and geotechnical piles."
"In Newfoundland, in November 2018, it was announced that the Human Rights Tribunal and its partners in the Qikiqtani Inuit Association would be bringing in, in the form of a public registry between the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board."
But the people of Pond Inlet are finally finding out about this.
When the ship arrived at the Belcher Islands, the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation, last August, transported a number of possible materials to be used for the expansion of the railway.
When the people of Pond Inlet saw the ship near their community they were going to hear about the ship, two more ships carrying the railway parts came in shortly after that and more sealift is expected in the summer of 2020.
"We only found out about three or four weeks ago.
"We see goods being transported near Pond Inlet," Joshua Arreak, Director of the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Organization, told Nunatsiaq News."
"We wondered why and who they were and how they were doing that.
"We didn’t get any information from the Nunavut Impact Review Board, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the public."
"We didn’t expect that," Arreak says."
"We were not informed by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or Nunavut Impact Review Board.
I don’t know.
Through the Inuit organizations we have a problem.
"They don’t communicate with us," he says."
The Nunavut Impact Review Board was aware of the sealift season this winter
"None of the Nunavut Power Corporation and any federal minister has approved the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation’s expansion plan, which would result in a 110 kilometre long road to Mary River, re-establishing a mercury of 12 million tonnes a year, and travelling up to 200 times a year to transport mercury."
This project cannot be formally approved by the federal government until the final public announcement is made by the Nunavut Impact Review Board on November 2 in Iqaluit and conclude on November 8 and 9 in Pond Inlet.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board did not, in its statement, consult with stakeholders, indicate that it will be providing sealift for automobiles that were mailed to Baffinland on July 25."
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board told the companies that if this project 2 is not approved, Baffinland would have to deal with the shipment of goods, which is probably worth millions of dollars, from the mine."
It also indicated that the sealift will not have an impact on NIRB's decision on this issue.
"In a recent editorial dated October 17, the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s Director, Ryan Perry, indicated that the regulatory authority of the Nunavut Impact Review Board may approve or reject vessel activities."
"“The Nunavut Impact Review Board was only able to ensure that these activities would be included in the evaluation process and that all assets for construction would have to be transferred if the proposal was not approved after the board’s review,” Barry wrote."
This is an aerial photograph of the blizzard Principals, this past summer the ship was carrying out a possible installation of materials for the Mary River Shop that will be used for the Sylvia Grinnell Highway expansion.
"The building, which is referred to as the “International Unit,” is 33 metres high, 23.5 metres tall and weighs 1,470 tonnes."”"”
"Another one, the reference to the “short house,” is 34 metres high."”"”
"Each building, which is part of an existing demolition and demolition site, is equivalent to a ten-metre building – perhaps even higher than the premises of the north east."
However, Baffinland has not been approved for this program.
"“Building will identify these assets "with only 2 – notwithstanding” until such time as this phase 2 application is fully completed,” the company wrote in its July 19 report to the Nunavut Impact Review Board."
Materials stored on Inuit owned land
"In a joint submission to the Authority, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association and Baffinland wrote that the assets would be located on Inuit owned lands, in accordance with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s commercial lease agreement with the company."
"In regards to Arreak and so on, activities such as the one in Newfoundland have already been approved for the project."
"Pond Inlet residents are unhappy.
I'm just wondering if Baffinland is thinking when we don’t know if the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government is going to approve this project ahead of time.
"I don’t know," he says."
"Randy Dester, who is the technical advisor with the Hamlet of Pond Inlet, was authorized by the Mayor of Pond Inlet, Joshua Susak, to speak to Nunatsiaq News on behalf of the Hamlet."
"“Baffin has been working with a view to approving phase 2,” Mr. Tester said in an e-mail."
"“If the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the Nunavut Impact Review Board had the authority to do this, the final impact of the decision would be to put more pressure on the Nunavut Impact Review Board through the responsibility and to approve the application."
"This is a concern," Destino said on behalf of the Hamlet."
"“Besides the consequences, the Hamlet feels that they shouldn’t do that."
"What has happened in the financial sphere and the impression that Baffinland will be approved in phase 2," he writes."
"“Our main concern is the animals, marine mammals and their presence."
We would be the most impacted communities.
That is our concern.
"The money is not going to bring back the wildlife," Joshua Arreak said on behalf of the Hunters and Trappers Organization, saying that there has been a lot of talk in Pond Inlet over the years about marine transportation to the Baville Plan."
"In the case of a non-governmental organization such as the Oceanic Arctic (Oceans North), which has expressed interest in the upcoming meeting of the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation’s expansion plan, it stated that it supports “professional development” at the Mary River mine."”"”
"However, it also indicated that Baffinland’s export of large-scale faxes did not take into account the environmental impacts, and was dissatisfied with Baffinland’s decision to export large mercury deposits from the Mary River project in the Southern Caucasus, which was allowed to happen in 2012."
"“It is no coincidence that residents are dissatisfied with the large importers of rail parts for the Mary River Square prior to the legal approval of this expansion,” says Chris Dupuiski, Vice-President of Policy and Justice for the Department of Fisheries and Oceans for the North."
Pre-development work received from TysonCrab
The items that are being shipped from Baffinland to Cape Dorset are part of the existing rail parts that the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation acquired at the Dyson Museum in Romania.
"The two large buildings, which came in first place, were designed in PrimaryHealth, which is the third design, which will be a rail loader, organized by Citadelin, in Perland, which was quoted in the newspaper."
"Blanc also brought in a ship loader, a locker system and a number of materials to be used for rail transportation."
"The substantiation sheets provided by the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board included a provision for automobile sanitation and road haulage, as well as potatoes and metal and sanitation."
"This company’s first ship was shipped to Baville, a ship called BigLife Barentsz, which weighed 5,500 tonnes of goods, and departed from Bremerhaven in early August."
"Many of the barges were carrying additional supplies this summer, and many more will be arriving in the summer of 2020, Tsakrab said."
"In a bilateral agreement with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Baffinland agreed to invest an additional $18 million in reclamation funding for the cleanup of the Mary River mine if this project had ended, the Water Board’s letter stated."
Nunavut’s Supreme Court of Justice named the new Languages Commissioner
Colleen Arreak’s appointment will come into effect on October 21.
"Nunavut’s Attorney General appointed the Acting Languages Commissioner, Colleen Arreak, after Helen Klengenberg resigned last September from her office."
Colleen Arreak of Iqaluit was appointed as the Acting Languages Commissioner of Nunavut.
"Simon Mikkungwak, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, announced the appointment, which will come into effect on Monday, October 21."
Colleen Arreak from Iqaluit is the Community of Nunavut’s Acting Languages Commissioner.
(Amendment of Colleen Arreak)
"“Ms. Arreak’s work, which includes both the Office of the Languages Commissioner and the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, enables me to carry out these important functions,” Mr. Mikkungwak said in a news release."
"While under the Official Languages Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Languages Commissioner has the obligation to protect language rights in the Inuit, French and English languages."
"The Languages Commissioner also performs activities that monitor and monitor, advise and provide language rights protection."
"In the Official Languages Act, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is appointed four years after the Nunavut Commissioner of the Supreme Court decision."
"The Management and Services Board of the Legislative Assembly may also decide on the appointment of an Acting Languages Commissioner when the position is vacant and when the Board of Directors is not in session, this news release also mentions the appointment of Mr. Arreak."
"The former Languages Commissioner, Helen Klengenberg, resigned from office in September."
"Eva Aariak, Colleen’s mother and Nunavut’s predecessor, was the first Languages Commissioner of Nunavut before she was elected in 2008 to the Nunavut Legislative Assembly."
"A public invitation was issued to the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut, the Attorney General stated, and further information was provided on this website."
Montreal Women’s Centre announces plans for an emergency night centre
Inuit women’s 15 percent attendance at the women’s centre
"Morina Pollock-Wynton, Manager of Women’s Centre (Chez Doris), Women’s Centre and Kathy Wong, a City Council member representing Peter-Marie Nunasi and a spokesman for the Montreal City Council, discussed plans for a 22-bed women’s shelter in Montreal on October 16th in a news release for the women’s centre."
(Arctic City of Montreal)
"The Montreal Town of Phil-Murray is in the process of expanding the program that was started at the women’s centre, a day-to-day shelter for women who are homeless, which was designed to replace the building that was inherited last year."
"The community’s decision, announced Wednesday, October 16, will provide an opportunity to set up a new facility for this centre not too far away, which will become an emergency night place for women."
"The women’s centre, the women’s day centre at 1430 Sammy Road in Montreal, is open every day for women in need."
Many live.
"The women’s centre is currently located on Sammy Road, not far from Attwood Road and Capoulas Coast, a gathering place for people in Town.
"The women’s centre is well known by many Inuit women, which accounts for 15 percent of the population.
"For the planned opening in the winter of 2021, this building’s emergency nightclub was purchased with a subsidy of $1 million from Montreal’s owner Andrew Harper through the Joyce Community Foundation in Montreal."
"“We now have a new facility, we will be able to accommodate 22 beds for women who are homeless,” says Morina Pollock-Financial, who is the director of Chechnya Crisis, said in a news release after the Women’s Centre."
"“At present, women account for 25 percent of the homeless in Montreal, but the benefits for women are not enough."
This project is a positive start."
"The good news is that the centre’s expansion was announced less than a week after this person was in the centre, Clara Ittinuar, originally from Nunatsiavut, after his death on October 11 at the hospital."
Bowler-Wynn told the Nunatsiaq News that this very close daughter was in her son’s house when she was incarcerated because she was always sick.
"There are more people going to the centre than people going to the cities because of the housing shortage and the legal problems, Bowler-Wynn says."
"There are many women who go to the women’s shelter during the day. There are six beds in the facility, they sleep for a few hours and they end up outside in the evening."
This will change in the evening when there will be a new shelter.
"In the meantime, the women’s centre, which has about a century of women’s places on a daily basis, provides services and activities for women to meet their basic needs such as homelessness, food insecurity, mental illness and substance abuse."
Bowler-Finding said that the number of Inuit women coming in has not changed much since 2018.
"“Nevertheless, we have a group of women who need more support in areas such as clothing and bathrooms,” he says."
"While this is the only women’s day centre in Montreal, the Saez Torres Women’s Centre is now open seven days a week from 8:30 in the morning to 3:00 in the day."
"In order to be able to run its programs, the women’s centre was retired on the weekend without providing services for six months in 2014 due to a lack of funding."
"“We’re hoping that we’ll get some financial assistance from Makivik, but we don’t know if we’re going to get it this time,” says Bowler-Wynn."
"The women’s centre also manages human resources – but the women’s centre tries to raise funds to carry out this work, as is the case with 70 percent of its operations from $1.7 million a year."
"Catty Wong, a City Councillor representing Peter-Moggle’s home community and a spokesperson for the Montreal City Council, said in a news release that the new evening will provide more opportunities for women to “promote services that are available to people who wish them well and to ensure that they are safe.”"”
The Nunavut Liberals have no use
"As far as important questions are concerned, the Liberals did not offer much."
Mr. Mamalaaq’s victory on October 21 is a testament to his refusal to accept the Liberals’ policy for Nunavut and the North.
Do you remember the Swedish press release?
They do the press releases on the latter.
In the majority of cases we can remember.
"It doesn’t matter, because the majority of Nunavut’s voters released October 21, what they didn’t deliver."
"Beginning in2015, Justin Trudeau and other Liberal governments for Nunavut have made numerous news releases."
Some of the news releases were new.
"In the end, the people of Nunavut just said “No.”"”
"But in the end, they were more confronted by the bureaucrats, since 1961, the Canadian people have been focusing on them to change: New Timothy Barriers."
"The victory of the late Mamalaaq Qaqqaq is a testament to the denial of Trudeau’s approach to the north and the north of Canada, which includes a denial of the repeated references to Inuit-public relations."
"Since 2015, Trudeau has been working with co-management organizations such as Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, Qikiqtani Inuit Association and others."
But this week’s election is a testament to the people of Nunavut that Inuit-political relations are not effective.
"It’s not amazing, because in the end the people of Nunavut weren’t able to respond to the main questions of the Liberals."
"It is well known by the majority of the people of Nunavut that there are major concerns about economic and social issues: the ongoing shortage of housing, food insecurity, the high cost of food and transportation, the issue of tuberculosis and suicide, which is almost daily."
"When he last came to Nunavut on October 8, Trudeau didn’t have much good news on these issues."
He spoke about South Baffin and talked about climate change and climate change.
"This is a national concern, but if I want to vote in this election, Nunavummiut would like to hear their concerns about housing and the cost of living."
"It was the case that the Sylvia Grinnell River was a photography site, not for Nunavut voters, but for the Southern Canadians."
"In doing so, he didn’t respond to the many challenges facing Nunavummiut and the Nunavut Liberal candidate, Megan Pierre-Louis, who didn’t even help, and he should have received more support from the President of the Liberal Democrats."
"In light of the cost and poor diet, the Liberals took action, establishing a higher level of support for the Nutrition North Canada Program, and providing additional funding, $12.5 million per year for aboriginal hunters in Nunavut and elsewhere in the north."
However, the Harvester Support Program has to be established and no one can tell why it is like that.
"On August 1st as well, Trudeau played a major role in Iqaluit and Arctic Bay, when he signed an agreement to initiate the Lancaster Sound Marine Conservation Area and committed to initiating a new Conservation Area called Tivuittuq."
"Consequently, it provides a significant amount of funding to communities in North Baffin, such as small craft harbours and preservation of jobs."
He also spoke extensively about protective measures such as reconciliation with aboriginal people.
"It’s disgraceful to deal with this type of issue as follows: with the constant coughing of TB in a overcrowded house, this “Community” doesn’t make sense."”"”
"When you think of it again, do you remember the Liberal government’s extensive news about tuberculosis?"
"In early 2018, this was Jane Fairbaird, the former Health Canada Minister, when she announced that the tuberculosis disease would be eliminated in the north by 2030."
However, Mr. Fairbaird, the federal minister promised to deal with this issue because it is no longer there.
"In regards to Mr. Trudeau’s conduct to Mr. Wrayson’s Republican and controversial handling of this SNC-Lavalin case, Fairbaird resigned from the Convention."
"As a result, the Liberals have not heard anything about TB prevention."
"It’s like the hunters’ assistance program, I think it’s stranded in the Inuit-public relationship, so it seems that the extensive discussions on the ban on tuberculosis are in a crisis situation."
"The public is aware that tuberculosis is caused by poverty, poor diet and poor housing."
"In terms of housing, Trudeau also made a statement that was already warm and remarkable last summer."
"As well as the Government of Canada’s National Social Housing Program, “Consolidated” with Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, there has been no unexpected action."”"”
We would also like to congratulate Mumalaaq Qaqqaq for winning the medal.
"As part of the Fourth Division of the Legal Services Board of the Legislative Assembly, it will require assistance to make it heard."
Let the people of Nunavut just provide opportunities and support.
"He won two capabilities, Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Pizzo-Lyall."
I sincerely hope that these two losers continue to serve the people of Nunavut and the north.
Members questioned the Ministers on the $80 million expansion of the Weber Approach project
"In comparison with my colleagues we are prepared to make a decision on the $80 million that can be spent."
"Joelie Kownirk, Member for Amittuq, was one of the Members of the Nunavut Legislative Assembly asking the government about the $80 million increase in the Iqaluit-Nuuk Centre for the Weber Approach project."
Some Nunavut lawyers are now asking for unsolicited support for the expansion of the Nuuk-Qulliq Bay Abbott project.
"In August, the federal government committed $151 million to the project, which is dedicated to 1,700 kilometres of Weber Abbott from Nuuk, Greenland through the Baffin Gulf of Iqaluit."
From there, they would be shipped to Kimmirut.
"The Government of Nunavut will develop a framework and a project to begin, which will be completed by 2023."
"In the last year, the Legislative Assembly approved this project, which was supposed to cost $126 million."
"“This year later, we were informed that the cost of the project increased to reflect the increased costs and that it was estimated to be approximately $209 million,” John Main, the Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, said in a Member’s Statement on Wednesday, October 23."
"There’s a difference of $80 million," Main said."
"“When I look at my colleagues we can make a decision on the possibilities of $80 million,” Main says."
Federal contribution from the Small Communities and Northern Communities Initiative to the Investigation of the Canada Plan (Canada Benefits Plan).
The project is now before the Supreme Court of Canada in its review of the proposed expenditures for 2020/21.
"At the end of Question Period, Joelie Kownirk, MLA for Amittuq asked Quassa Kusugak, Minister of Community and Government Services, about this $80 million increase in the government’s pre-planning program."
"This work, as described in the Government of Nunavut’s Fiscal Planning Assistance Program, “makes sure that this project has a clear definition, and that interest information is available on development, a timely cost analysis and timetable, prior to the start of the cost planning process.”"”
"“Is it a pre-planning process, yes or no?"
He is asking the question to Ms. Kusugak.
"The planning has been completed and a cost analysis is still ongoing.
"When we were informed, we realized that it was going to be a lot more expensive," Ms. Kusugak says."
"Maybe, sitting next to the chair of the legislative assembly, is standing up for further questions from Ms. Kusugak."
"Can the minister explain how this massive project is going up in cost over the course of the year?"
"It goes on to say that after the budget was approved last year, the department was re-evaluating the project and the cost increased after the review."
"The minister stated again that, in May 2019, his department felt that the funding request would be increased to $201.6 million to provide “the maximum amount of federal funding available for the program if necessary.”"”
"Unfortunately, on October 24, Main rose again in question period to follow up with Finance Minister George Hickes on the same issue."
"“Through the Financial Management Board, what mechanisms were used to inform the department of the $80 million cost increase in this project?"
Mr. Maine asked.
"Mr.Hickes stated that with the federal government’s increased support for the project, and in addition to a valuable marine research project, the Government of Nunavut also increased its contribution."
"The Department of Community and Government Services gave it back to the Financial Management Board for this reason when they found out that the expenditures were under-expended."
"Hickes also indicated that half of the GN's share of the 25 percent contribution to the project, while the federal government contributes 75 percent."
"“As the Government of Nunavut, we don’t have to pay $80 million, and we have to pay 25 percent."
"We’re going to be looking for…. In the next few years…. We’re going to be looking for additional resources to complete this project," he repeats."
"Nunavik needs its own federal regulator, says Makivik President"
Sally Ford, after the election of the federal government, speaks to the need for change.
"Early Ford, President of Makivik Corporation, issued a news release on October 22 following a federal election, saying that Nunavik should have its own federal lawyer."
Elaine Anzumi
"Makinnasuaqtiit President Charlie Ford did not alter his comments about Nunavik’s legal position in celebrating his announcement to the new Member of Parliament, Saviour Brophy."
"“We will be looking at the Electoral Boundaries Commission to make sure that this is understood, in other words, to have Nunavik’s self-government in our communities, which is what we would like to see right now in light of our self-reliance program,” he says."
"We need it at the provincial level."
"Abby-James Bay-Nudge is one of the largest federal political projects in Quebec, starting from Nunavik to here in the La Valley-Good area of the community, where four of the six 2019 federal candidates live, including Bruce to Black Captain."
The Nunavik leaders have wanted to have their own government for their country of origin in 1972.
"In 2002, the Kativik Civil Liberties Government, including the Makivik Federal Electoral Boundaries Commission, came to the commission on this issue and attended again in 2011."
"The division was expanded in 2013, adding two more communities in southern Canada."
"The divisions were re-designed, through the Commission, to ensure that the population was balanced."
"From the rest of Canada, there are about 100,000 people in the region, whereas the snowblower-James-Good is less than 85,000 people."
"When the Nunavik population was around 13,000, Nunavik was well below that, but the leaders of this group have responded to this issue of Nunavik’s independence."
"The smallest jurisdiction in Canada is Labrador, which has a population of 26,000, while the military is located in Newfoundland with approximately 80,000 people."
"Brube won by Northern Quebec, with a vote of more than 11,000, or 40 percent, just after the Liberals and Conservative candidates."
"Wood said he celebrated with Green Paddy nominee Keira Kabana-Whiteley, an Inuk from Kuujjuaq, who was the fifth person to be elected in more than a 1,000 votes."
"In a statement to Ford, he welcomed Bruby to Nunavik to visit him as soon as possible."
"“I am very pleased that we will be meeting together, and that his support for self-reliance is very much appreciated, as well as issues such as the implementation of the Junior Namibia Act on the rights of aboriginal people,” Mr. Ford says."
"It was a great news story for Black Quebec’s President Eves-Francois Blanchett, who won 32 seats for Quebec."
"“This is our commitment to support the development of our mandate in Nunavik – through the legal and economic sectors – and to establish a legal framework for appropriate cooperation,” says Ford."
"“Nevertheless, in Quebec’s interest in independence, Inuit have a long history of contributing to Canada’s unified system."
"Wood set up the election, although the Liberals do not have the seats of the new government, to allow the diversity of wrestlers to come together and bring the rest of Canada together."
"“Justice Trudeau has a strong government that doesn’t have a seat, and can work with other Battisti (Government) – Agnico-Eagle, Black Kopak, Green, Conservative and independent candidates – to pass laws and parliamentary immunity, and to work towards unity,” he says."
"As for Nunavut’s newly elected ACP MLA, Mr. Mumalaaq Qaqqaq from Baker Lake, made some predictions."
"“I remember when NTI had a meeting in Baker Lake in 1871 with Tagak Curley,” Ford said.
"We were young at that time.
"They will do their best, Mamilaaq, and I look forward to seeing you and working with you on issues such as Inuit self-sufficiency at the same time, for future generations."
"Increasing the prevention of RSV in Nunavut, thousands of people are saying"
"“In general, you would save a lot of money on the rates of lung cancer."
The Nunavut Air Ambulance Service (Nunavut Lifeline) is suspended from Iqaluit International Airport for this summer’s Air Show.
"In some cases, children with Alzheimer’s disease (RSV, respiratory disease) have to be sent out and this leads to the use of aircraft and hospital costs."
"This is Dr. Anna Pangoya and her fellow teachers at the Toronto Jerusalem Health Elementary School in 1989 who first introduced this change.org at the end of September, and for the 1,000 signatures of the participants."
"When this report was finally published, there were 23,322 names put together – and now they want to reach 25,000 signatures."
The purpose of this campaign is to ensure that the Government of Nunavut will protect many deaths and reduce the need for health care infants through the reintroduction of the antibiotic called paediatric vaccine for all infants under six months of age.
"Palvizuma is a non-vaccination program, not a vaccination program, and it’s a marketing program called Synagus."
"It has been proven that infants have more lung diseases that start with RSV, a summary of the “professional flu,” which leads to Alzheimer’s disease, and leads to a chronic disease called bronchitis."”"”
"However, Dr. Michael Patterson, the Chief Medical Officer of Health for Nunavut, noted in a Nunatsiaq News interview that the Government of Nunavut provides paediatricians with 11 to 12 percent of babies under the age of 2."
"“We use it more for infants who are more vulnerable to RSV, and for those who support the international donations of palivizuma,” he says."
"These include infants who are born, under 35 weeks of pregnancy, or infants with lung disease or heart disease."
"Ponder, who is a teacher in child care in Toronto’s June pharmaceutical industry, has been writing a curriculum for 15 years about the ongoing presence and compatibility of RSV in the north."
"As a result of this study, this is totally dissatisfied with the current territorial policy and suggests that all Nunavut infants need this health care system."
"Lucy Anna Panuji, one of the facilitators of child care here in Toronto’s Jerusalem Prescription Medicines Program, said that doing research on people’s infants with a vaccination program called palivizuma would make a significant difference in my life and financially."
Nunavut’s rate system is essential
She noted through her study that RSV is a chronic and multi-purpose disease and provides a wide range of air transportation and medical services to Nunavut’s public health.
"The cost of health care is very high: about $5,600 per patient."
"Regardless of how much that is costing, the bulldozer and many believe that this is a subsidy."
"In Nunavut, early diagnosis and medical evacuations are the best way to deal with them," Mr. Speaker.
"“We have done a number of cost-benefit analysis that revealed that if we gave the northern majority in the palivia, there would be savings,” he said in an interview."
"International research, published in 2013, found that there were a significant number of lung cancers in Kitikmeot infants: it was set at 389 out of 1,000."
"In its study, which was conducted from January 1, 2009 to June 30, 2010, it found that the expenditures for the hospitalization of this disease were up to $57,535."
"In the Baffin region, lung cancer among infants was in 2002 from 1,000 newborns and in the Kivalliq region, 230 out of 1,000 newborns."
This means that the Government of Nunavut has spent $5.9 million on a pandemic infant in the Qikiqtani region and approximately $5.7 million on a Kivalliq infant health study.
"However, it was, the Kivalliq had the highest rate of lung cancer at the hospital: $63,686."
"“In general, it saves money, because of the high rates of lung cancer,” he says."
Superintendent of Ontario Nurses Supports the Register
"Many infants are 10 times more likely to be treated at the hospital for lung cancer than the “symptoms’ of infants and the disease is much more severe.”"”
"Although this is a major problem, Inuit infants do not receive Nunavut’s antibiotics," Gandhi wrote in his donations."
"The situation with professional qualifications has been highlighted by the North West School Health, the Canadian Medical Association and the Canadian Medical Research Centre for Aboriginal Peoples."
However, it is safe for infants in Nunavut to complete their babies do not receive this antibiotic service – whether they come from a traumatic community outside of Iqaluit and they are older than lung cancer.
Mr. Pangoya is saying that they are doing the wrong thing.
"I've done a lot of hard work.
I have shown my signage to the public.
"Korelyn Barnett, Jane Fairbaird, has seen my notes and said they are credible," she says."
Nunavik vaccinates all infants
"Initially, not only in Nunavut, the Department of Health and Social Services in Nunavik has provided paediatric paediatrics to all infants over the past three years."
"In the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on October 18, the Hon. George Hickes stated in response to questions from the Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, Pat Angnakak, that the Government of Nunavut "review Nunavik practices."
"“We’re monitoring that particular project,” says Hicks."
Ms. Arnakak said this RSV (Blueprint for Disease) has a significant impact on the family.
"“It was a very good day, I know the baby had to be sent to the hospital for RSV and it has a huge impact on the family, especially when this baby is too young."
However, Mr. Hickes defended the Government of Nunavut’s current approach and insisted that the government only provides savings to the public.
"There is no legal or policy decision on the cost.
"It’s based on the best practice of health care," Hicks says."
Mr. Patterson reiterated that Nunavik was successful three years earlier with infants under six months.
"“We’re still waiting for that number, and once we find out that it’s not cost-effective to lend it to the palivia, then we would implement it very quickly,” Patterson says."
"In its view, there are still not enough official symbols to enforce Nunavut."
"“I don’t agree with the intent of the signing and the other part of the disclosure is that this has been completed, or that there is a scientific basis for this."
"There are a lot of people who still have questions," he says."
The use of the pavement in Nunavut has come from a long time ago.
"In2008, the Government of Nunavut refused or participated in the Panniqtuuq Inquiry into RSV, or any official from Greenland, Nunavik and the Northwest Territories to participate."
A small building arrives in Churchill
Nunavik Construction continues to build very little housing
"Iglujuaq is a small seed, from the Nunavik Construction Company, that was shipped to Churchill this past summer."
(Article Nunavik Construction)
The first few luxury homes constructed in Nunavik arrived on the ship to Churchill last summer.
"“I wanted to show how good we were building for the North,” says Willie Gadbeau, one of the founders of Nunavik Construction, a home designer and construction office in Churchill and Niebel, Quebec."
"Ten years ago, Godfrey, Churchill’s plumber, was a plumber and a construction worker who had an obstacle to housing who is very familiar with Koloduy Janil."
"“We started talking about affordable housing in the north,” Gatbow says."
"Housing in the north is so expensive.
That’s where it started."
From there they have developed the design of small units with a view to northern climates.
The houses have metal siding and tents that can’t be done in the wind and they can be used for longer periods of time.
"Expenditures include asbestos that are designed to make rooms, roofs and roofs and three-plex windows to keep the warm weather warm."
"Strengthening furnaces, not the walls that have to be attached to the furnace, to compare the temperature across the house."
"“I think that’s the only way in the north,” Gatwick says."
"There are a lot of problems with furnaces and they tend to go partially to the furnaces.
People say more about their feet getting frozen.
Their houses are full of insulation, but they do come in."
The design is for Nunavik Construction’s one bedroom cabin.
(Amendment of Nunavik Construction)
"As a result of the construction of boilers and pipelines across Nunavik, Godfrey is responsible for ensuring that the buildings are built within the framework, that everything is properly structured and maintained."
"The Nunavut Construction Corporation has a variety of conditions for small units, four bedroom units, and alternative units for them."
"There is an opportunity to add more classrooms and expand, for example, when they become larger children."
"The Iglulik exhibition in Churchill has one bedroom, five metres to the ground and 10 metres to the bottom."
It has a entrance at the end of the house to the kitchen and the living room.
The room is just over and above the bathroom.
The power plant in another building is just over that.
It took approximately two hours for the building to be completed and the electrical and plumbing installed.
"This house can be purchased for $228,000, for the disposal and for all the inside," says Gatwick."
"The average cost of a house in Nunavik is between $500,000 and $600,000," he says.
"“We’re trying to build a lot of affordable space and problems with the waterways,” says Gatwick."
"“I've been a plumber, I've been a plumber for a number of years and a lot of the repairs are done, the plumbing is not adequate, the heating system is not adequate."
I have been building these facilities for many years and now we have something that would be more suitable for the north."
"The houses are manufactured by Superbrooke, Quebec, and during the month of construction, Gatbow says, and they were delivered by truck."
"As soon as we get the information and the booking is done on time for sealift, the building can be located in the next summer."
"“In the future, if this is successful, we are looking at building a facility in the north,” he says."
"This is a significant amount of money."
He goes on to say that housing across the north would be adequate and they would be very happy to receive orders from Nunavut or from Greenland.
"“We’re on the ground and we’re just waiting for mortgages to know and they’re prepared to build houses,” says Gatwick."
"We are prepared to help people in need of housing."
"In Canada’s Arctic, Europe’s ice sheets are at its lowest level right now"
"We may be a full year behind schedule for the current year.
"“The trend is very late this year,” says Gjoa Haven resident Willie Aglukark, who took this picture on October 18."
"“You can still go boating on the land, which is not the case in Gjoa Haven."
I haven’t seen the iceberg in this situation in my whole life."
(Parliament Willie Aglukkaq)
By Dustin Battoo
"Last October, Judah Sarpinak from Igloolik had to go seal hunting by snowmobile."
"When he applied for the same year, he had to go boating."
"In Nunavut and other parts of the Arctic, it’s the same thing."
"“This is the first time that I have seen this freeze in my lifetime,” says Willie Aglukark, who has lived in Gjoa Haven for almost 40 years."
That’s correct.
"On October 15th the ocean’s glasses were around 5.118 million ice kilometres, which was the lowest ever recorded since 1968."
"“Depending on where we are, we may be doing it for a month late than last year,” says Jazz Laggie, who is a violator of landscape services in Canada."
But this is not the first time this year that the Scot is too low.
April was also the worst iceberg ever recorded.
This was followed by the July edition.
"In August, the ice loss slowed down."
"“We had the lowest common denominator in 2007 and 2016, but it was higher than 2012,” says Ford Mayer, a senior scientist at the Canadian Institute of Technology and the Niptanatiak Institute."
"“We are at a lower level than 2012 when it was because of the slowness of the freeze up – 2012 was a quick return to the culture, but the winter is thawing out of the ice."
"At the time of October 15, the skyrocket was down more than in 2012, at that time it was the lowest."
(Explanation from NSIDC)
Europe’s ice capabilities depend on global warming.
"“If there’s something that doesn’t have ice and the warmer temperatures are colder in the water, then even though the temperature is outside the weather it will get colder and the water will get colder or frozen sooner,” he says.
"The temperature in the north in October has been very harsh, very hot over the last six months."
"“It was a massive summer,” says Mayer."
"As of April, Montenegro remained in third place in one of the warmest areas – the North’s warmth – on record, this is May and August at the highest level."
(Protection from the UNEP)
This year’s event will bring a bigger picture.
"“As a result of global warming such as people being used in vehicles, we have seen a decrease in ice thickness from 1979,” says Pascal Patrick, director of GRID-Geneva, a news release from the Junior Nazis on the Environmental Projects (UNEP)."
"In light of what is happening now in this year’s Arctic, the decline in ice conditions has contributed to the Arctic’s warming over the years."
"According to the news release, "Slaughter’s temperature has risen to 0.5C in the last 10 years from 1982 to 2017, primarily due to the effects of the solar system that it started to disappear from 1979."
This is twice as fast as the world uses."
This summer has been no exception.
"Although the ongoing year-over-year trend continues, ice conditions are now recovering."
"“School is just starting to freeze,” says Ms. Aglukkaq."
"In ten years, since October 20, Europe’s ice conditions increased by approximately 1.5 million kilometres, including water near Gjoa Haven."
"If the current freeze continues, 2019 may be higher than it was in 2012."
Iqaluit welcomes the new Fire Marshall
"This is a joyous event."
Gord Howard became the Iqaluit Fire Chief two weeks ago.
"He has been reading and doing a lot of research, but he is saying that this new job is something that he can do more."
(Parliament Dustin Paddock)
"When Gordon Howard attended the City Council’s first meeting on October 22 when he became the chief fire officer, he didn’t expect to be interviewed."
"Are you in support of the Montreal Canadiens?"
Asked by the Hon. Member Joanasie Akumalik.
"After a while of silence, Howard replied, “No.”"”
They are here laughing.
"A week later, in an interview with Nunatsiaq News, Mr. Howard said, “I felt that my support was not being heard.”"”
"Havewood, who grew up in Hamilton, came to Iqaluit through Methodwood, Ontario, the community of Collingwood near George Bay."
"Although he is from the north, he is also from the north."
"In his ten years as the emergency health officer for the Canadian Forces, the area near Arviat has been tentative in the middle of winter."
"“That’s my understanding of snow, I understand that it’s cold, but it’s also something that has to be done."
It seems like it’s in another part of the world and that’s why I brought it up here.
"The department is doing a lot of things," says Howard, referring to the Iqaluit Fire Department as a group – some of which are professional firefighters and some of them just volunteer."
That was all that he didn’t bring to Iqaluit.
In addition to their experience as a firefighter and emergency response – which doesn’t happen very often in other areas – this was also due to the fact that there is a lot of fire in Iqaluit.
"“The history of this department is rather ambitious,” says Howard."
"“This is a very busy place, and the resources are always in place."
"Strengthening departmental programs such as, and now, Mr. Howard, new in this area, such as water problems and the lack of support, for the burning and the fire hall is too small."
"You can’t change it overnight and you don’t seem to want to make too many changes in the evening.
"If we keep moving forward and not going backwards I would be happy," says Howard."
"“To me, it’s a fun project."
"Thanks, what we are trying to do and what we know is what we can do."
"In regards to the first question that was asked by the city as the designation director of emergency services, “I'm a Catholic assistant,” he says with a smile."”"”
"Some people at the balcony in Toronto are in favour.
"I brought in a flag, so we’ll be able to show you through our vehicle at the Stanley Cup championship in the next 20 to 30 years."
Ladies and glasses have become a concern for Nunavik patients going to Montreal
The boarding home manager says that there is an investigation, but they haven’t found anything.
This one just wants to eat in the rooms you wouldn’t want to see: the bedbug.
"Unfortunately, bedbugs have been seen at the frozen boarding home where patients from Nunavik stay when they come to the city."
The observation of bedbugs from Nunavik Boarding Homes to medical appointments in Montreal has been a major concern for the patients and their families.
This photo shows the glass of Elementary in this Cecilia Tutska spotted last month at the bottom of her mother’s bedroom here at the Coliseum Hotel here in Kirt De Les Dorvall.
(Protection from Cecilia Todska)
"In mid-September, Cecilia Kutsakka was visiting her mother at the Collective Hotel here in Kirt De Leach in Thailand where she was very scared: she saw a dog underneath the Elite’s kamotik, and she took this picture."
"Casca’s exposure to Idlout indicated to patients from Nunavik by a guardian at the Ublivik Hotel, in this case they have a number of bedrooms, 39 in total, on the first floor when it’s overflowing."
Kardashian called her mother and told her that she would never be there again.
"The President of the Boarding Home, Saudi Abdel Nung, told the Nunatsiaq News last week that he was responsible for the bedbugs that have been seen."
"What happened a few days ago, when there was an investigation, and he had the symptoms report, they couldn’t find it."
"The one bedroom study found that there was a bedbug in there, but they are no longer there."
Abdel Nungu also posted an e-mail that showed the patients who saw the bedbugs.
"In light of the seriousness of the Ublivik Boarding Home operation, Abdel Nunger noted that all rooms were performed this year and are regularly inspected and performed if necessary."
Nunatsiaq News wasn’t able to consult with all the Nunavik community health boards or the Module du Nord-Quincois who deal with the Nunavik hospital that has gone to Montreal such as bedbugs and what they are doing about it.
The MNQ concerns have been written online by Abdullah Nui.
"“It seems to me that the patients who are staying with the bedbugs are seeing them and they don’t want to stay in the hotel anymore,” writes George Dialla, President of Ublivik on October 16."
"Please let me know what it is and how it is and when the problem will be resolved.
We have to let the patients know that the bedbugs were treated."
Ublivik is always looking after the patient’s dressing rooms/bottoms before they enter.
There are bedbugs in Montreal: due to overcrowding the government offices had to be closed down here in Complex Guy-Favreau last month.
"If there are bedbugs for patients from the north, this would not be the first time, as they did in 2010 in Winnipeg."
"Igloo’s bedbugs are very unpleasant: they are very small, but it is very noticeable that they are snacks, snacks and skins after they have smelled the skin."
The symptoms of civilians in the plumbing are causing their blood pressure so that the blood is no longer thick and doesn’t feel sensitivity to divorce.
"In the case of a plumbing, the bed is pumped out of blood, sometimes for five minutes, and they are thawed out, looking for red and thawing."
"Egypt’s civilisation eats five to ten days a day and can live a year, often in areas where the bottom is full of salt, cheese and other hot, dark and come up when they want to eat."
"The good news is that the bedbugs don’t stay in the cold, so they end up sleeping and passing away."
So you can kill your baggage outside for more than two days if it doesn’t have a heat.
"Please try not to kiss you out on the land, check the head of the house, look at the bottom and keep your bags in bed."
"When you go home, wash your clothes before you go into the rooms and check your baggage to make sure that you don’t have to be chewed."
"When you see a bed in a Montreal boarding home, you can call 311 for city problems."
"Blanc’s public meeting suddenly stopped, a meeting in Pond Inlet was cancelled"
"People need to be involved in the process.
"It affects all people’s lives," says the President of NTI"
"The representatives from Igloolik and Pond Inlet are listening to Aluki Kuuttiq, the President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, in a motion to suspend the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s final meeting of the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation on Wednesday, November 6 in Iqaluit."
(Education by Emma Dunder)
Emma Dunder and Elaine Anzo
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board’s hearing on the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation’s proposal to expand the Mary River mine suddenly ended, with a two-day meeting in Pond Inlet suspended."
"On Wednesday, November 6, NTI President Aluki Kuuttiq passed a motion immediately calling for the suspension of this final public meeting and the continuation of the eight-month term for the year."
It was very interesting to hear the voices speak to their colleagues just to see what the members are going to do about this situation.
"Many of the officials in Newfoundland fell victim to their faces, sometimes smuggling their arms and turning to the kitchen when the river made its motion."
"We are concerned that this public meeting would be completed without the action being completed.
People need to be consulted and have a good dialogue.
"Everyone in this room would like to understand all the issues raised and how it would affect NTI and the organizations," Kutiq said in a statement that the chamber is full of people who would like to talk about it and the people."
"It affects all people’s lives," he says"
"The motion was tabled on the fifth day of the public meeting in Iqaluit, which was almost an hour away."
The Nunavut Impact Review Board’s first agenda was designed to continue the consultation process in Pond Inlet so that the community could participate on November 8 and 9.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board was satisfied with Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated’s resolution, that the meeting was suspended and that the Pond Inlet conciliation was cancelled."
"About a week ago, Baffinland representatives for interested parties continued to express their plans to build a highway from North Mary River to the Mary River Port."
"For the railway and other parts of the port, it would make it possible for the company to produce a larger portion of its current 6 million tonnes of metal a year to 12 million tonnes."
"What is particularly noticeable in the week is that the province’s proposal to modify its business powers by removing the existing restrictions and by imposing a restriction on shipping, 20 times the railroads and 176 barges per year."
"The motion to adjourn the session was supported by all interested parties, many of whom are concerned about the uncertainty surrounding the project."
"People Jay Akeeagok, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association President, stated in Nunatsiaq News that he believes in the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s process to ensure that “the public has the opportunity to ask questions about these values’ and that “the opportunity for residents to express their concerns is always there.”"”
"Mr. Akoak also stated that the motion was not expected, but it was scheduled for the last day of the session."
The Newfoundland staff are watching Mr. Kuuttiq move the motion to adjourn.
"I think there are too many questions that have not yet been resolved.
"In my view, if you’re going to make decisions about your future, then you have to be fully informed in order to make good decisions."
There was a lack there."
Representatives from the North Baffin communities also unanimously adopted the motion.
"“There needs to be more information and research done,” says Amanda Hanson, a researcher from Pond Inlet’s Hunters and Trappers Organization."
He said the project could have “a significant impact on our values and our ethnicity and our international presence."””
"Many participants from Kippomee expressed dissatisfaction with the Mary River project, and would like it to continue with the Baffinland project in Nunavut, but there were too many questions and concerns about the proposed expansion."
"“This information is too independence and inappropriate,” says Peter Ivalu, who represents the Hamlet of Igloolik."
"Everything the press release has to be translated.
Everything has to be transparent."
"The Government of Nunavut also agreed with the motion, which stated that there are too many disagreements between the parties and the supplier and that this is just a resignation."
"The federal government also supported the resolution, but stated that the Nunavut Impact Review Board could decide on the length of time this ban would take."
"In its legal team, Baville expressed dissatisfaction with the motion to suspend for eight months and objected to this motion until they were informed."
"“This appearance at the informal meeting was likely to continue as of November 2,” says Brad Armstrong, a lawyer for Baville."
"None of them said they weren’t prepared to start this day.
In any event, it was not possible to minimize the use of these devices."
"Megan Lord-Wheeler, Vice-President of Renewable Resources for Buffalo, said the delay would have an impact on the “emergency deficiencies’ of the project."”"”
"“But we will do all we can to provide and protect 3,000 Canadians from employment, 476 of whom are Inuit."
We have to know that the people will be working with us.
"We have to deal with the extent to which there would be a problem with the project," Lord-Whitehead says."
"Although the Qikiqtani Inuit Association has stated that they cannot assist in Phase 2, Mr. Akeeagok stated that they will continue to work on the Inuit Communications Program and that the project will be economically viable."
"We’re not satisfied with Mary River.
We are working with them.
We own the Inuit lands.
"We support Inuit employment," he says."
"We have spent a lot of money and work to make this project economically viable for some time.
"From that point of view, we have to find a balance."
However, there is nothing at this time."
Mr. Akeeagok also indicated that the community’s uncertainty about the impact of the railway on our caribou population is important.
"“To me, these have a positive impact on our cultural rights."
"It clearly demonstrated to the elders that they are not only thinking about themselves, this is also for our future."
And that’s what I feel most strongly about.
"I think my decisions are not just for now, but for the next generation."
I leave them with a better foundation than they were going to me?
"This is basically the basis of decision-making, no matter what culture you are," he says."
"In its recommendation, the Nunavut Impact Review Board provided interested parties with the opportunity to write in writing until November 15."
"Unfortunately, the Nunavut Impact Review Board will provide a written submission to the motion and the length of time it takes."
Nunavut Legislative Assembly agrees to amend the Income Tax Act
"This government is actively pursuing measures such as repatriating Coppermine to generate revenue."
"The Honourable Adam Methuselah questioned Finance Minister George Hickes on Bill 26, An Act to Amend the Income Tax Act, during the Justices of the Peace meeting on Wednesday, November 6.
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut have recently updated the Nunavut Income Tax Act to amend the Payroll Tax Act.
"The changes, which were read for the third time on Wednesday, November 6, included an increase in the private rate from $13,325 to $16,000."
"This means that taxpayers will earn close to $3,000 a year before they have to pay Nunavut’s income tax."
"The other change is to increase the cost of living tax from $1,200 to $1,500."
"This means that if taxpayers earn more than $60,000 for their work they will receive an additional $300 in income tax returns."
And the territorial corporate tax rate for small businesses is down from 4 percent to 3 percent.
"“Our government is actively pursuing the issue of repatriating Coppermine to a profit,” says Finance Minister George Hickes."
"The federal government’s arrangement with the Coppermine Tax Rebate Program came into effect in Nunavut on July 1st, to make the fuel price increase more efficient – it would have increased by 5 cents per litre – the Government of Nunavut introduced a Coppermine Fuel Rebate Program, which reduces the price of fuel by half."
"In its deliberations on the issue of income tax reform, Nunavut legislators agreed that corporate tax revenues should be returned to Nunavummiut."
But they couldn’t agree on what would be the best way to do that.
"Adam Lighthizer, the Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, was concerned that, as a result of the reduction in income tax rates, the government would have to use tax credits for government operations."
"I understand that we are in a critical situation with the federal government and that our own revenues are only 10 to 15 percent of our total allowable harvest.
"We have to spend a lot of money on our own economy that we have to operate," says Lighthizer."
"Why is the government trying to use the Copenhagen tax credits to benefit the government’s operations?"
"“Connor tax credits that we are developing would only be part of the Government of Nunavut and the company has been trying to make it fair to our own companies,” the response Mr. Hickes said, “I don’t think we would be satisfied if we just put those payments in place for other revenues and not get the money back to the taxpayer.”"”
Mr. Lighthizer also stated that revising the Income Tax Act would be the most appropriate way of repatriating Nunavummiut.
"They also stated that the Copper Tax Benefit will be used by the Government of Nunavut as a prerequisite, to reduce the number of Nunavut companies."
"Slaughter’s change is of great concern to me and a lot of work needs to be done now and for the future.
"Having said that, I have tabled a number of suggestions for our government on how to find solutions or alternatives for Nunavut’s energy efficiency," says Lighthizer."
"Why hasn’t these ideas been taken into consideration and demanded for the use of the Copenhagen tax revenue?"
Mr. Hickes responded by saying that each department – responsible for specific projects – was listening.
"Many departments have undertaken a number of initiatives, including the Qulliq Energy Corporation, which is responsible for developing energy efficient LED street lighting in Nunavut, which was approved at its recent meeting."
"In2019/20, the Government of Nunavut considers it to be generating 12 million dollars in coffee tax payments."
It would be broken down as follows:
2 million dollars for government wide higher heating costs for public housing and government buildings such as schools and health centres.
3.6 million dollars for a new Nunavut company rebate.
6.2 million in remittances to Nunavut residents and Nunavut employees during the current fiscal year for the purpose of amending the Income Tax Act.
But for Lightning this is not a mathematically integrated system.
"“Where is the 50 percent rebate from the Petroleum Products Division and the 50 percent rebate from the Coppermine Tax Rebate Program, why is it so small for energy efficiency measures?"
"Mr.Hickes replied that the federal government’s arrangement with Captain Tax increases each year over the next five years, and that although this 50 percent deduction from the refineries will continue, the year of increased tax credits will generate additional revenue for other projects."
The Bill received second reading on November 6 and received third reading last night.
"At the end of the day, Lighthizer, from yesterday’s newborn son said to the Legislative Assembly that he had only been sleeping for three hours and left."
"In a recent email to Nunatsiaq News, Lighthizer expressed dissatisfaction that he was going to vote against the legislation."
"“I don’t agree with the terms of reference of Bill 26, I don’t think it’s a proper year policy,” the author of Lighthizer was going to say in the House."
"The purpose of the Conservative tax is to reduce the importation of fossil fuels and emissions from industries and climate change.
"If this Act includes an energy-related tax rebate for individuals and businesses that are willing to contribute, or if the Government of Nunavut had developed an action plan for individuals to assist in purchasing and developing energy-efficient technologies, I would have been very pleased to have agreed to the legislation."
Although Lighthizer is not satisfied this legislation was passed.
Mr. Hickes indicated that he was willing to listen to suggestions on how to use the company’s tax revenue to reduce the cost of living in Nunavut.
"I strongly encourage the public to write a letter to Members of the Legislative Assembly or the government with a view to taking action in this area."
"The number of visitors to Nunavut was more than 34,000 in 2018 than in 2015."
The Government of Nunavut tables the Annual Tourism Report for 2018/19
The passengers for Wayne O'Sullivan (One Ocean) are on a research boat from Judaism on Tigers Island near the north west coast of Qavavauq.
(Expenditures from Emma Toronto)
"In April to September, 2018, more than 51,000 visitors were made to Nunavut’s non-residents."
"The Nunavut Tourism Annual Report for 2018/19 from the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, was tabled in the Legislative Assembly earlier this month."
"The same number of people coming here spent a total of $271,383,000 on participation and travel expenses."
The report does not mention the exact amount spent on other modes of transportation.
"In comparison, there were approximately 16,750 visitors from Nunavut who were non-residents from May to October 2015, following the following year’s Nunavut Gazette."
"Qikiqtani and the Kivalliq region are among the most visited from July to September, 2018."
"Qikiqtaaluk was visited at 95,600, and more than half of them (53.2 percent) went to Iqaluit with a budget of $75.1 million."
Pond Inlet and Pangnirtung are the second and third communities visited here in the Baffin region.
"In the Kivalliq region, Rankin Inlet was visited by 33,600 visitors and spent $68 million, just after Baker Lake and Arviat."
Cambridge Bay was the Kitikmeot region’s most visited.
Immigrants to Wayne O'Sullivan are going by boat from Judith to Kimmirut in August 2019.
"In 2018, there were 3,404 cruise ships visiting Nunavut within two and a half months."
"The major carrier operators spent $388,351 on community-based services, as the report also states."
However, the weather and ice conditions affected half of the cruise ships that wanted to visit Nunavut.
"The Department was given the status of eight passenger operators with 23 journeys from Nunavut from July to September, 2018."
"This vessel delivered 3,404 people in total."
"A little over half a quarter, or 59% of transit people to Pond Inlet came from Nunavut."
"Iqaluit is the second-class cruise ship with 8.3 percent, shortly after Broughton Island, which was 6.1 percent visited and Grise Fiord with 5.9 percent."
"The cruise ship visitors to Pond Inlet not only spent a total of $245,565, but these visitors were the most visited 100 hours out of the 189.5 hours of cruise ship visits in Nunavut, as reported."
"Cambridge Bay, Gjoa Haven, Kimmirut, and Kugluktuk were not visited by cruise ships in 2018."
"In those reports, both Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven were expecting seven visitors, but both were cancelled due to weather."
"The report indicated that Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven had an impact on the cancellation of cruise ships with a total loss of approximately $25,000."
"Informed in the report’s presentation from visitors to evacuations in 2018, research conducted by cruise ship operators and other visitors to Nunavut last year."
"In2018, the Government of Nunavut was required to respond to community concerns from Pond Inlet and Clyde River regarding the activities of these vessels during the hunt."
"In this report, the Government of Nunavut consulted with the Organization for the Arctic Monitoring of the Marine Mammals and all of the Marine Inuit Co-ordinators to ensure that they did not go through this."
"It also stated that the tourism sector is a standalone industry, that the government needs support for development."
"In Nunavut, this means training and employment for Nunavummiut in the tourism sector."
"There is always a lack of interest and skills in various tourism sectors.
"In the absence of qualified professionals, the tourism industry has not yet been found to meet its potential."
"Everything has been known as tourism to deal with in Nunavut," the report states."
"Environment, the Government of Nunavut’s Inuit Sealift Skills Program, provides training for 12 people a year who will be working on cruise ships to participate in research, the report says."
"In these reports, all of the Government of Nunavut’s tourism inspectors are Inuit."
"“In the past, tourism-related investments often do not exist, which creates uncertainty about the size of the economy and its potential to contribute to Nunavut’s economy,” the report states."
"The department has contributed 115 projects related to tourism in 2018, totalling $1,272,822."
These projects include:
"> Nunatta Sunakkutaangit Museum, Voice of Nunavut Exhibition: $50,100"
"Mike Galleries Tour: $48,383"
"• Hamlet of Igloolik, Introduction of Igloolik Arts: $81,785"
"August (Arctic), Legends Establishment: $99,872"
"• Nunavut Development Corporation and Winnipeg Carving Stone Deposit: $225,000 over a three-year period"
"Nothing: if it’s a profitable factor, let it be realised"
Members are very much interested in Bavaria’s investment in production
Participants sat in Iqaluit at the Katannilik Hall on the fourth day of the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s public hearing on the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation’s proposed road expansion proposal for the Mary River project.
"Nunavut’s approach to enforcing legislation in the area of industry development, which began in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, has not played a role in such areas as radical, irreversible environmental and socio-economic studies at the Mary River mine over the past decade."
"This was advertised in Iqaluit earlier this month, when the Nunavut Impact Review Board held its last public hearing for $900 million worth of highway expansion proposals from the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation in the event of a sudden resignation due to confusion and miscommunication."
The last day of meetings scheduled for seven days for Pond Inlet was cancelled.
"At the same time, the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation is in a billion dollars, the multi-faceted mercury mine is in a situation of uncertainty."
"In writing this letter, the Nunavut Impact Review Board had yet to make a decision on the resolution from Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated which, if approved, would result in a delay of eight to twelve months."
"and the Baffinland Land Claim Corporation, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, indicated that they could not immediately support or approve the expansion of the highway."
"In addition to QIA's work, QC has expressed its full support for the project."
These are Arctic Co-operatives Limited.
This is a complex process.
"When it came to Buffalo, the Vice-President of Renewable Resources, Megan Lord-Health, in this case said that the company was only concerned that the project would be able to proceed, saying, “We will do our utmost to maintain and protect the Canadian population of 3,000 jobs, 476 of which are Inuit.”"”
"In the past week, Buffalo reported in Nunatsiaq News that it has suspended 490 southern contractors and 96 contractors of Inuit labour."
As a result, we are reaching the largest number of unanswered questions related to this project: the Mary River project funding.
"Buffalo has said that the potential for the mine’s economy is uncertain unless regulators permit the construction of a 110 kilometre railway line for Mary River Cape Dorset and its production goes up to 12 million tonnes a year, which would be able to do that by 176 times as much as the Eclipse Sound."
"The problem is, they didn’t come up with a public report on this program."
"In addition, more scientists were no longer asking questions about this."
"A year ago, despite the lack of transparency, this did not stop the holders from expressing their confidence."
"In the summer and fall of 2018, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association activated the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation, protecting the Nunavut Impact Review Board."
"On August 31 of this year, the Nunavut Impact Review Board decided that the federal government would not approve the preliminary and lower year-end production rate – from 4.2 million tonnes of metal to 6 million tonnes."
"Buffalo and his partner, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, took the initiative."
"In a few weeks, they wrote to the Chief Electoral Officer on this issue, Dominique Leblanc, at the time as the federal Northern Minister, to revise the Board’s decision."
Why?
For the money.
"The Inuit Association expressed a shock at the potential of the Mary River mine, which will require a significant amount of funding and resources, in the amount of over $20 million here in the new Inuit Impact and Benefit Agreement."
Ottawa agreed.
"As a result of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s concerns about the feasibility of funding the mine, the federal government approved the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation’s proposal last year."
"“We are also concerned about the long-term potential of the Mary River mine and the knowledge of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s concerns with respect to the economic development project’s regulatory framework for reintroducing applications,” Lancaster Sound dated September 30, 2018, in a letter signed by federal-provincial-territorial minister Carolyn Bennett."
"In other words, the most important Member of Parliament for everyone – the Federal Government – is committed to the economic importance and value of this."
And they did that even though there was no financial evidence in there.
This is a major problem.
"If it’s true that this project is not profitable, what the Member is saying is that he should be willing to see what he says is true."
"As a result of the Mary River project, Baffinland’s employees – as required – should be able to provide a number of benefits to this environmental impact statement."
"In terms of the project’s financial ability, I don’t think the Nunavut Impact Review Board is very interested in publishing public indicators."
"As a matter of fact, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has recommended that a lengthy financial statement received by the Canadian Coast Guard from the Arctic be “responsible” and that it should not be tabled in the Legislative Assembly by a public register."”"”
(This is still on our website).
The Nunavut Impact Review Board recommended that this document be used after it was tabled – and it was removed from Baffinland’s request.
"In this case, Baffinland wanted to submit, on a personal basis, a shorter financial statement explaining why Baffinland could generate more revenue through greater production."
The issue of self-determination may be a problem.
Even though the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation is trying to resolve this problem.
"In its response, the Nunavut Impact Review Board made a different decision, which does not make sense."
"If the federal government is going to invest in it, then the federal Income Support Board is required to do so."
"Absolutely, the Nunavut Impact Review Board and other regulators should apply for this type of evidence."
They should be very interested.
"As well as the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association."
"In addition to the possibility of resurfacing such concerns, the federal government should amend the federal legislation governing the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s practices, the Nunavut Planning Commission and the Program Review Act, to ensure that financial information is delivered in the future."
"Although I would like to take this opportunity to comment, there are still a lot of unanswered questions about the Baffinland’s final proposal, relating to the railway impact on caribou, the impact of ships on whales, the project on the lack of Inuit employment, and a lot more."
"The question relates to the Arctic Bay Highway Port proposal, which was approved by Baffinland in 2013 for construction capacity, and 18 million tonnes of production for the year, and it is still not clear why the Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation was asked to build in 2013 when it was allowed to produce 18 million tonnes per year."
It remains unclear why the province of Newfoundland has failed to implement this plan.
But the biggest question is how can this program be sustainable.
Child and Family Services Increasing Support Services in Nunavik
The unprecedented economic growth in Quebec is expeditiously fulfilling its promises
When the children and teachers were here at the Aqsarniit Elementary School in Hudson Bay in 2016.
"This year the Quebec Government added a subsidy to the members of the early childhood education program, based on family income."
"In November 7, 2019, these subsidies were made redundant, with the daycare bill set at $8.25 a day."
(produced by nunavikchildcare.ca)
Elaine Anzo
"The investment in the restructuring of Quebec has resulted in additional funding for family and child care services in Quebec, including Nunavik."
"Company’s revenues were accounted for between 2.4 percent in 2018/19, which is 0.6 percent higher than anticipated."
"At this time, the Quebec Finance Minister, Eric Garrett, announced on November 7 that $857 million would be in line with what was stated in the past few years."
Two major initiatives from this initiative have already been inspired by the Child Benefit and Child Welfare Benefit.
"“Environmental improvements to Quebec’s economy and financial situation have resulted in Quebec’s success in this area,” Jarrod says in the news release."
"The economic growth of Quebec gives us the opportunity to reduce deficits and fulfill the government’s commitments."
"As for this program, Quebec is eliminating the additional resources provided to the Family Child Care Initiative implemented by the former Philippines Liberal government in 2016."
"In this program, additional support for childcare is an additional cost of living per day."
This subsidy was increased by 15 dollars a day for higher income earners.
"All income earned less than $50,000 was not increased under the program."
"The November 7 news release will reimburse the Quebec childcare payment of $8.25, abandoning the payment to all income earners."
This new fee will be used in Nunavik through the Kativik Community Government Program in Nunavik for child care.
"In the Quebec news release, this new payment will be for this year, and this reporter from the Montreal Canadiens reported that this will take place on January 1, 2019."
"In the last week, the Parents of Childcare Services Centre in every community government, Julie-Anne Petty, was not informed as to how or when these payments would begin in Nunavik."
The Premier Francis Liguria’s government first restructured the slow elimination of additional resources and completely dissolved by 2022.
The efficiencies and the emerging surplus of $4 billion for 2019/20 fiscal year are accelerating the process.
"As well as removing the payments for childcare, the Quebec Government is moving forward with increasing the number of child tax benefits that was promised in 2021."
"As of January 2020, the Quebec Government announced that the family here will receive an additional $779 per year."
"The subsidy is linked to income, with a minimum of $1,000 in non-payments to the maximum of $2,515 per year."
"The new Act on Child Equality, not as a result of the Liberals' failure to pay for the senior child benefit."
"“Today, we will complete the implementation of a wide range of measures to benefit the people of Quebec,” Jarrod says."
"We are getting more money back to Quebec faster."
Former Nunavut MLA Peter Kattuk has passed away after a long illness
"Peta was respected for her efforts to provide services and environmental assistance"
"Sanikiluaq’s system is erected in front of the Nunavut Department of Justice on Wednesday, November 20, last night, in light of the former MLA and former Minister Peter Kattuk, who passed away the morning with long illness."
"The Sanikiluaq Community Supervisory Centre was erected on Wednesday, November 20 in front of the Nunavut Court of Justice in Iqaluit, in light of the death of Peter Kattuk from Sanikiluaq, who died in the morning of a long illness."
"Mr. Kattuk, 69, a respected MLA, Major and Community Leader’s Home, joined Nunavut on February 15, 1999, the voters of Hudson Bay in the selection of this first Nunavut Legislative Assembly and this first meeting took place on April 1 of this same winter."
"Peta Kautuq (Minister) accompanied by the former Commissioner of Nunavut Peter Irniq on April 12, 2000, when Mr. Kattuk was sworn in as Nunavut’s Minister."
"In the beginning of this Assembly, Mr. Kattuk was appointed Minister of Culture, Language, Elders & Youth on April 12, 2000 to replace the Honourable Donald Havioyak, who has resigned from his position."
"On September 17, 2001, Mr. Kattuk was transferred from his portfolio to the Minister of Community and Government Services, whose portfolio was up to 2004."
"In 2004, Sanikiluaq voters re-elected Mr. Kattuk as the MLA for Hudson Bay until 2008."
"“Peta was the representative for Hudson Bay for the past eight years and I send my condolences to some of them,” Nunavut Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a news release."
"In his life on June 2, 1950, Mr. Kattuk spent many years in Sanikiluaq as an environmentalist, mayor, and community leader."
In the early "1990s, he was a member of the Sanikiluaq Environment Council, where the community gathered the knowledge of the impacts of a large hydroelectric power plant that was built in Northern Quebec on the impact of ice and marine ecosystems on the Belcher Islands."
The result of this report is titled “The Hudson Bay Net: Traditional Knowledge of Inuit and Dene of Hudson Bay."””
"As the mayor of Sanikiluaq, Mr. Kattuk also expressed dissatisfaction with the current use of Churchill’s hydroelectric development proposal."
"In the end Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Hudson Bay Neighbours Regional Roundtable, called the Nunavut Hudson Bay Neighbours Regional Roundtable."
"The association, established by the Government of Nunavut, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and the Hamlet of Sanikiluaq, monitors developments in the Sanikiluaq area for the second hydroelectric development proposal, has also been banned since then, such as the rivers of Eastmain and Rupert Rivers."
"In 1996, Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Social Development Council, an organization established in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement."
"The Honourable Peter Kattuk spoke to the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on February 19, 2008, at the end of his second term of office in Hudson Bay."
"Connor Tattuinee, President of Arctic Co-operatives Limited, remembers Mr. Kattuk’s “humanitarianism,” and he completed the seafood chicken from Sanikiluaq’s diet."”"”
"Mr. Paul Okalik, at the time of Nunavut’s leadership, appointed Mr. Kattuk as Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth in April 2000, saying that Mr. Kattuk incorporated Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit before this was too informative."
"“People were involved in the study of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit before this was very informative,” Mr. Okalik said in a press release in April 2000."
"When he was not a minister in 2001, Mr. Kattuk was responsible for the “major” laughter."”"”
This was done by NTCL by bringing gasoline into Nunavut and destroying the engines of snowmobiles in the Baffin and the Keewatin.
"In his view, Mr. Kattuk also acted on another matter: the Government of Nunavut’s decision not to use NTCL's decision to use it and to transfer the supply chain to Woodward’s Group in Labrador."
"He tried to get re-elected in October 2017, but he was third behind Alan Obama."
"“People were well respected for their dedication to career services and environmental initiatives,” Mr. Merkel said in a statement."
"The new Nunavut member states that he will pursue housing funding, implemented by the UNDRIP (NAMA), for the rights of aboriginal peoples.
Shelby Brophy is looking forward to visiting us in the new year and looking for an Inuktitut interpreter
Member of the Legislative Assembly Siobhan Brophy won the Apprentice-James Bay-New York Festival in October at the Federal Election.
(Protection from Sherville Brophy/Vice-President)
The new member from Nunavik would like to hear from the Inuit leaders about their concerns.
Member of the Legislative Assembly, Siobhan Barrowby won the Republican-James Bay-New York nomination in the fall federal election by 37.7 percent.
"When Blackpool members were more francophones, he said that he was looking for an Inuktitut interpreter to work with him."
"“I want to make a clear statement about the needs of aboriginal communities,” he says."
"In the meantime, Brophy said in the two critical cases of crisis in Nunavik that he is aware of the following health and housing issues."
"Health even though it’s a province, but it’s a federal subsidy, says Bruby."
"In order to maximize the benefits of health care, the federal government must consider how it allocates its resources."
Bruby has been working on health care for over 30 years.
"Black Quebec during the campaign, these people said that the province needs 10,000 units over the next ten years."
"What Bruce has been talking about, is the design of different designs."
"“If we want the new government of the Liberals to move forward, then it’s up to us to find a solution,” Brube says."
"The new Member of the Legislative Assembly is unknown to Nunavik, but he is looking forward to attending the next Annual General Meeting of Makivik, which will be held in March."
"After the election of Bruce, Makivik’s President Charlie Ford issued a news release inviting Bruby to visit Nunavik as soon as possible."
"“I look forward to meeting with them, and we welcome their support in our efforts to support the private sector and in the areas of implementing the Junior Nassen Charter of Rights and Freedoms,” Mr. Ford says."
Communicating with Inuit leaders would be helpful in his efforts to assist Makivik in its efforts to become a private business.
"Brube is a strong supporter of the Constitution on C-262, which will bring the Constitution into line with the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples."
"In the two different constitutions of his predecessor, the Anderson MLA Romeo Saganas."
"As established in 2018, Constitution C-262 was suspended by Conservative Neighbourhood this spring but the Liberal Government representative from the Saturn Hall, Senator Peter Harteau, said that if he was re-elected that the Liberal Government would have to enforce the law."
"“It is very important for me to continue working on Bill C-262 when it comes to complying with the Canadian Charter of the United Nations Charter of Rights for Indigenous Peoples and the work of my predecessor Romeo Cargazine,” Brophy says."
"I will continue to support this project and I have committed to helping Rome in future steps.
It is unacceptable that Canada does not have this framework by 2020."
Trudeau Government 2.0: Don’t expect too much
"If you can be mindful, don’t expect too much."
"Jane Fabre-Aubrespy was the Minister of Aboriginal Affairs on March 23, 2018, along with Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami’s President Nathan Obed, when he announced that the federal government would deplete the Inuit landscape by 2030."
Not a year ago he resigned from the Federal Council.
Did you find out during the federal election campaign that either the Premiers or the Premiers didn’t talk too much about the issues of Nunavummiut and other northerners?
That’s not surprising.
"The vast majority of lawmakers seem to think that the majority of Canadians, due to the fact that they are from the south, are not enough to vote whether they are talking about northerners that the majority of Canadians in the country have never heard of."
"The Liberal Government made this known, such as the collapse and abandonment of the establishment of a long-standing Northern and Northern Policy Strategy a day before the election campaign begins."
"In an election period, indigenous issues, many of which explode northern concerns, were also ignored."
"As a result of a new reduction in Justin Trudeau’s government, and after the Board of Directors were sworn in for their mandate on November 20, it is hoped that they will continue to do so without any sympathy."
Here is a symbol of this clause.
It is about the precise promises made to the North since the Treaty of Lisbon in 2015: eliminating even 50 percent (broken) of tuberculosis in the north by 2025 and completely eradicated by 2030.
"This included an initial contribution of $27.5 million over five years, with the use of “responsibility” for four members of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami."”"”
"When it was announced that it was smelling like a promise, starting with, the former Tuberculosis eradication officer for the Federal Government, Jane Fairbaird, the former Aboriginal Services Minister made that statement."
He resigned from Trudeau’s legal team on March 4 to protest Trudeau’s failure to act properly in the case of God Freyson-Rebecca.
He did this less than four days before Trudeau came to Iqaluit to apologize for Canada’s inappropriate treatment of people with tuberculosis in the 1950s and 1960s.
"As a result, they remained silent on northern tuberculosis."
"Although there have been a lot of choices, there wasn’t much done about it."
"And so far, the prevention of tuberculosis has stalled."
"Although, in the Northwest Territories, with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, it is recorded that 248.5 people in 100,000, health professionals have conducted only one community survey."
"This happened in Nine, in 2018, when a lung cancer was diagnosed and a young 14-year-old died of this illness while in hospital with Jane Johns."
"In Nunavut, 313 people were diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, and in conjunction with TB in the Inuit homeland, 234 were diagnosed with 100,000."
"There doesn’t seem to be any community-wide study in Nunavik since 2018, when this Fairbaird report was published."
"Absolutely in Nunavut not too long ago there was a population study done after TB, when Steven Harper and Conservatives were the last president, just before the Trudeau Liberals were elected."
"In Nunavut, there have been 670 people diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, which is 171.8 out of 100.000 and there has been some work done on that."
The one that is not affected is the Inuvialuit from the Northwest Territories.
"Unfortunately, we didn’t hear any serious cases of tuberculosis between 2007 and 2016.)
Tuberculosis is a disease of lack of resources.
That’s why it’s being said.
But it’s true.
"If people don’t have enough food and housing, tuberculosis can develop."
"As far as I'm concerned, the disadvantage in Cape Dorset, in this case it was a 12-week TB study that ended in May."
In 2016 the unemployment rate was 27.3 percent.
"In2015, for people aged 15 and over, their income was just over $18,933."
"Approximately 370 units, 120 units were in need of major repairs."
"In light of the national overcrowding situation, these 140 units of 370 units were deemed “unacceptable” under the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation Act."”"”
This means there are not enough rooms per capita for tenants.
There are also a few people in Canada who have less housing.
"It is no secret that over the last 20 years, tuberculosis has been a crisis for Nunavut and other northern jurisdictions."
It is unlikely that tuberculosis can be eradicated in these communities unless there are significant changes to the supply and quality of housing.
"But during the last campaign, the Trudeau regulators did not make any public housing available, but only reaffirmed their 2016 and 2017 spending commitments."
"In fact, they can’t even be reprimanded for the damage that they have done to their language, they didn’t even have any concerns about that."
"This is also a reflection of the history of the Canadian Civil Emergency, where tuberculosis in the north is 300 times higher than the number of non-aboriginal Canadians born."
"In Nunavut, it may be worse."
Last year’s report revealed that one in 100 babies born in Nunavut may have this disease.
"Why does the Trudeau Liberal Government have any concerns about other issues such as mental health, community housing, training and so on?"
"If you can be creative, don’t expect too much."
"If you don’t do that, be prepared for a crash."
"Please note: The number of cases of tuberculosis steadily progressed from the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami’s "Strengthening Tuberculosis Surveillance System," released in November 2018."
The Cape Dorset results from the Statistical Canada report were compiled in the 2016 survey.
The new year will see new RCMP and resources for the Nunavik RCMP
Police officers and the use of physical cameras have been installed
The Kativik Community Constable will launch new RCMP and surveillance systems in early 2020.
(Education by Elaine Anzo)
"In the aftermath of the lack of staff, the Kativik Community Constables are able to see the efforts of additional officers,"
The RCMP Commanding Officer John-Pare Leros came to the council to update the Kativik Community Government meeting on November 26 on the progress to date.
This included the graduation of 10 new Kativik Civil Liberties from the Ontario Police College on the same week.
The hiring process also included a provision for former employees of the retirement age to be able to communicate with employees at the centre.
"As a result of inability to hire staff, the Kativik Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Circumpolar Conference has been held.
"In September, there were 20 Quebec police officers from Nunavik."
"Community policing has been declining slowly until the Kativik Community Constable, and Mr. Lorus said in the early 2020s that the Quebec Constables may no longer be used."
Cultural awareness training begins
The Inuit Cultural Learning Centre’s Community Constables website was posted on November 18.
"The training was developed by the Kativik Community Constable and Laval University and includes information on Nunavik, Inuit, culture, and policing practices in Nunavik."
"It takes three hours and once it’s completed, it’s evaluated on the qualifications that have been identified for the job application."
"“This training program is intended to assist the Kativik Community Constables in choosing their cultural views,” Laurice says."
"The second part of the training program is nine hours long and it has to be an all-inclusive RCMP training program," says Lorus."
The project is expected to be completed in the new fiscal year.
The surveillance cameras will have to be used by the RCMP
Another addition was made to the RCMP and it was appreciated by the members that this camera should be used to monitor the work of the RCMP.
It’s a pilot project and they’re using six cameras right now.
"“This project was initiated by Nunavik’s commitment to the Kativik Community Constable to provide more transparency through its programs,” Laross says."
"The Kativik Community Constables aim to provide Inuit with programs that can be accessible and harmonious."
Kuujjuaq Member Jobie Takaapik hoped that these cameras would be able to help the people who have had problems with the RCMP.
"We hear from the RCMP about inappropriate activities and those states don’t want to say much.
"There’s a lot of police nervousness," Takakiapik says."
"The body cameras have to be used."
"It goes on to say that if one or two officers mistreat people, this has a huge impact, and it raises concerns for the whole of the RCMP."
"There is the impression that the surveillance cameras, which begin to take pictures of what the RCMP is doing, can be used in the short term."
Lorus said these cameras would take effect in January.
He goes on to say that mistreatment and inappropriate behaviour will not only be offered to the RCMP.
"“I recently dropped out of the RCMP last week due to a lack of compliance with our programs in Nunavik,” he says."
"We don’t want to have too many police officers in Nunavik."
Nunavut’s neighbours are talking about renewable energy in the north.
"The representatives from Greenland, Canada and Junior Steel share ideas and experiences"
"Bruno Pereira, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation presents the Northern Empowerment Forum and the Civil Liberties Conference in Iqaluit, November 22, 2019."
(professional from the U.S. Consulting General)
The renewable energy experts from the Arctic gathered in Iqaluit on November 21 and 22 to share their ideas and experiences with the North.
"Provides from Nunavut, the Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, Greenland and Junior Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlement Settlements from various jurisdictions."
"This meeting, called Optimism Operations, Integrated New Technologies and Entrance Stakeholders (Strengthening Operations, Incorporating New Resources and Including Stakeholders), was developed by US Presidents in partnership with the Government of Nunavut and the Qulliq Energy Corporation."
"Bruno Pereira, the President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation, said the conciliation was a testament to each other’s problems."
"“In the interest of using renewable energy sources in our communities, we would very much like to know what others do, and to find out how they are doing their work to achieve or collapse,” Pereira says."
"Premier also said that although it is important to bring representatives together to discuss the issue of fuel efficiency, there are territorial events here in Alaska."
"Some of the communities have access roads so they are not really in the middle of the Nunavut communities.
"There are people like us who are struggling, where we have space, who can deal with the community, so we can see similar disabilities."
"Chris Rose, the director of renewable energy in Alaska, said Alaska’s hydroelectric development has contributed to the development of renewable energy sources."
"We were able to build 80 communities that were able to use renewable energy in addition to diesel fuel in Technologies.
"We feel that we now know how beneficial this is," Rose says."
"This subsidy, which is designed to promote renewable resource development projects, is a significant contribution from Alaska to lower energy costs."
"Russia said that in the west of Russia, five communities were working together to develop wind turbines and they are using this as an energy source."
"“So there is an integrated knowledge of how to manage and manage wind turbines and they can help each other in setting up,” Rose says."
"In Alaska, like Nunavut, home energy bills are very expensive."
Ross said the communities that are using windmills are not just for light bulbs but also for heating purposes.
"They have built small furnaces into people’s houses and they are covered with diamonds that seem to be carpeting.
"When it’s more expensive, they go to the power grid, and they have set up a very small tracking system for heat and power plants to be detected," Rose says."
"“These are fences that can prevent hot air, which can continue to heat."
"They can be housed or burned in homes that are acceptable, and if they get stuck they can have another heater."
"In Greenland, the installation of wind turbines has been very difficult, in this case New York Habitat, a technology specialist for recycling in Nuuk."
"Three temperatures and darkness make it difficult for wind farmers to use southern designs in the north, says Hargreaves."
"Highfield also indicated that two wind turbines were properly installed in other parts of the north of Greenland, but were stranded."
"We can say that in Greenland we have chosen more possibilities.
"The two wind turbines were installed in 200 different locations and the other one was 150 sites," he says."
"The wind turbine collapsed, on the other hand, the fuel truck was too thick for the cold and the engine was damaged," Hargreaves says."
"In the 2014 federal election campaign, three political parties announced that Nunavut’s telecommunication system would be disposed of by 2030."
"Although it may take some time to develop renewable energies in the north, Hargreaves said the use of fossil fuels was a matter of urgency."
"“We have to do something about the use of fossil fuels, because of climate change, because it’s already inappropriate."
This is a legal matter because there is a need for petroleum products but there is no funding.
"It’s a good investment project," he says."
Mr. Pereira said that he found it very interesting to talk to people living in Nunavut adjacent to the north.
"“I think that this should be taken into consideration in other ways, in terms of how to start working on recycling."
Some of the Inuit have used the equipment and they have had problems with the southern skills but they can’t do it in the north.
"If we were financially capable we would be able to track the deficiencies," Paramount says."
The Government of Nunavut should involve Inuit in the development of the Education Act: NTI
"This is an important policy change that affects a significant proportion of the population of parents and Inuit children in Nunavut."
"Lookie Kuuttiq, President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, speaks before the Standing Committee on Legislation on Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act."
"By Alookie Kuuttiq President, NTI."
Subject: Minister Joanasie’s Letter to Nunatsiaq News on Bill 25 Consultation Process
"Minister Joanasie wrote a letter published in Nunatsiaq News on November 25, 2019 announcing discussions between the Department of Education and Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated concerning Bill 25, indicating that the consultations were conducted in a spirit of mutual respect and offered NTI an opportunity to express their concerns."
From the point of view of the minister’s encouragement to NTI's public hearings and NTI's hearings, the GN's view is that they have been cooperating with the previous public meetings.
It is not.
"The Inuit have the right under Article 32 of the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to participate in the development of social and cultural policies, as well as in the development of social and cultural programs and services, including governance."
It’s a different principle.
Bill 25 proposes amendments to the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act to establish policies and procedures for the delivery of Inuit language instruction.
This fundamental policy change will affect many people with children and people with children in Nunavut.
"As such, Inuit have the right to participate in the development and development of this system."
NTI was not given the opportunity to participate in the development of the policy demands outlined in the proposed Bill 25.
"It does not only reflect the government’s obligations as outlined in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, it has historically demonstrated that efforts have been made to achieve legislation that better reflects Inuit goals and objectives."
"NTI has been collaborating on proposed legislation from the Government of Nunavut, such as the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Official Languages Act and the Wildlife Act."
"As we know it can go ahead, NTI notified the Premier and the newly elected government that they will be co-ordinating working together and working together on Inuit priorities, including education, language and culture."
"The Department of Education did not submit a legislative proposal to NTI on August 31, 2018, at which time the Department provided a list of planned community consultations."
NTI was given less than a week to do a study on Bill 25 and to prepare and prepare for the Nunavut consultation tour.
This is not working together.
"The department facilitated consultations that were conducted in the short term, and no solutions or accommodations were provided to address the concerns raised by the public, NTI and other organizations such as the District Education Authority (DEA) and the Coalition of Nunavut District Education Authorities (CNDEA) were also present."
"I further urge the Minister of Education in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to ensure that clear programs are carried out under Article 32, and that the department manages to ensure that there are good reasons, obligations and obligations and takes on the honour of the Queen when it comes to partnering with the Inuit."
"NTI believes that the need to rewrite the Education Act by enacting Inuit participation in the Lisbon Treaty should change the way the department operates, and that there should be a comprehensive recognition of human rights.
Aluki Kuuttiq
"Hon. George Qulaut, NTI"
