5th Assembly
Official Report
Monday, March 19, 2018
Pages 603 - 684
Speaker: The Honourable Joe Enook, M.L.A. Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Hon. Joe Enook
Charlie Audlakiak
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Ministers Statements 603
Members Statements 606
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery 614
Oral Questions 616
Tabling of Documents 638
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters 639
Report of the Committee of the Whole 681
Third Reading of Bills 682
Assent to Bills 683
Speaker's Statement 683
Orders of the Day 684
Monday, March 19, 2018 603
046 - 5 (1): Nunavut 2018 Youth Award Recipients (Quassa) 603
047 - 5 (1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing Program (Ehaloak) 604
048 - 5 (1): Red Seal Program (Savikataaq) 604
049 - 5 (1): New Funding for Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie) 605
050 - 5 (1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Sheutiapik) 606
096 - 5 (1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Granddaughter (Rumbolt) 606
097 - 5 (1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq) 606
098 - 5 (1): Tobacco Control Act (Lightstone) 607
099 - 5 (1): Expansion of Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 608
100 - 5 (1): Issues with Larga Boarding Home (Kamingoak) 609
101 - 5 (1): Congratulations to Rosemary Ejangiaq (Netser) 610
102 - 5 (1): Tribute to Canada under 150 (Nakashuk) 610
103 - 5 (1): Budget Address (Main) 610
104 - 5 (1): Two More Elders Travelling for Care (Towtongie) 612
105 - 5 (1): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue (Qiniq) 613
106 - 5 (1): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie) 614
123 - 5 (1): Business Protection Act (Hickes) 616
124 - 5 (1): Status of Cleanup Project in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 617
125 - 5 (1): School Leave Policy (Lightstone) 618
126 - 5 (1): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Nakashuk) 619
127 - 5 (1): Family Services Client Travel Policy (Netser) 620
128 - 5 (1): Update on the Office of Patient Relations (Qirngnuq) 622
129 - 5 (1): Income Assistance Policies (Towtongie) 623
130 - 5 (1): Mine Training (Invitational) 624
131 - 5 (1): Support for Health Centre Staff (Main) 626
132 - 5 (1): Insurance Policy on Government Facilities (Hickes) 629
133 - 5 (1): Expansion of Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 630
134 - 5 (1): Grants and Contributions (Main) 632
135 - 5 (1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 633
136 - 5 (1): Early Learning and Childcare (Hickes) 634
137 - 5 (1): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts (Main) 636
029 - 5 (1): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Report from the North Aeroplan Mining Corp. Regarding: Mile Diamond Project (Qiniq) 638
030 - 5 (1): Letter from Hamlet of Naujaat Re: four-bay garage (Netser) 638
031 - 5 (1): Letter from Hamlet of Naujaat Re: Airport Expansion in Naujaat (Netser) 638
032 - 5 (1): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 639
033 - 5 (1): Options under the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Fund (Speaker) 639
34 - 5 (1): Speaker's List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker) 639
015 - 5 (1): Extension of Question Period (Main) 632
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Consideration in Committee 640
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee 644
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee 680
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Third Reading 682
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Third Reading 682
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Third Reading 682
Hon. David Akeeagok, Hon. Patterk Angnakak, Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak, Hon. Joe Enook, Mr. George Hickes, Hon. David Joanasie, Mr. Joelie Kamingoak, Mr. Pauloosie Keyootak, Hon. Quassa Kusugak, Mr. Adam Lightstone, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak, Mr. Margaret Nakashuk, Mr. Patterk Netser, Mr. Emiliano Qirngnuq, Hon. Paul Quassa, Mr. Allan Rumbolt, Hon. Joe Savikataaq, Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik, Mr. Towtongie.
> > Orders of the Day at 13: 33
Speaker (Hon. Joe Enook): Mr. Quassa, can you say the opening prayer, please.
Speaker: Good afternoon, Premier, members, Nunavummiut who are listening to the radio broadcast and watching the televised proceedings. Welcome to your committee.
We will proceed with the orders of the day.
Premier of Nunavut, Premier Quassa.
Minister's Statement 046 - 5 (1): Nunavut 2018 Youth Award Recipients (Quassa)
Hon. Paul Quassa: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good day to my fellow residents of Igloolik, my colleagues, and all Nunavummiut.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Donna Main-Kimmaliardjuk, who will be receiving the 2018 Youth Award in Winnipeg.
She is the first Inuk nurse to be recognized for her work.
Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was born in Chesterfield Inlet and was the first Inuk to have a heart attack and was the first Inuk to have a heart attack...
This year is the fourth year of a six-year program at the University of Ottawa's Heart Institute.
Mr. Speaker, [Dr.] Kimmaliardjuk was able to be admitted in 2014, the only person to be named as a heart specialist in Canada.
In 2016 she became a member of the Indigenous Committee on HIV / AIDS on behalf of Inuit.
During his term as a member of the Inuit Health Committee, he also promotes Inuit culture.
Mr. Speaker, the recipients of the Order of Nunavut represent the highest honour of Indigenous peoples to their people.
The Pediatrics celebrate their 25th anniversary in 2018 and congratulate 350 Indigenous, Inuit, and Métis people who demonstrate their success.
These awards celebrate a culture that reflects the diversity of Indigenous peoples in Canada.
This year the awards ceremony will take place on March 23 in Winnipeg.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Kimmaliardjuk, who will be recognized at the ceremony.
She has worked very hard on her own and she is very proud of her accomplishments. Inuit and the Department of Health are very capable and she is very visible to our youth in Nunavut.
I know that when I talk about this issue, I would like to express my pride in Dr. Kimmaliardjuk. It's obvious that he will be working on this issue and it will be very important to us.
Minister of Justice, Ms. Ehaloak.
Minister's Statement 047 - 5 (1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing Program (Ehaloak)
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about the cultural sewing program for the men's healing centre in Rankin Inlet.
These prisoners are involved in the sealing industry, sealing and other activities, including roofing, mitts, sealskin pants, sealskin hats, and knuckles.
Rosemary is a well-respected elder and her sewing skills are widely known around the world.
She recently travelled to Norway to teach the seal pelts.
She was a student of Nunavut Arctic College's Fur Production and Design Program and started the Fur Production and Design Program with the Literacy Council of Nunavut.
Rosemary's support for inmates in a culturally appropriate, physically safe, Inuit language and cultural healing program.
The sewing program will work with and support the on-the-land program, which provides inmates with the opportunity to learn how to hunt and how to properly prepare skins and food.
These furs and sealskins will be used for the Fur Production and Design Program.
Programs such as this help inmates to reintegrate into the community. When their sentences are up, they are encouraged to move towards a more holistic approach to crime.
I recently visited the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility and I was very pleased to see the impact that it has had on the cultural programs, especially in the communities where elders like Ms. Rosemary Sanchez.
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Minister's Statement 048 - 5 (1): Red Seal Program (Savikataaq)
Hon. Joe Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I say "good day" to the people of Arviat and I hope you don't miss school.
Mr. Speaker, there are certified heavy equipment operators, heavy equipment operators, and heavy equipment operators.
In September of 2016 the Heavy Equipment Operators Training Program was offered to three participants in the Nunavut Trades Training Program.
This means that Nunavummiut in Nunavut are able to receive on-the-job training and receive a certificate that is known as a certificate.
In November of 2017 Nunavut was given the authority to issue a red seal certificate for heavy equipment, loaders, and welders.
As part of the Heavy Equipment Operators Program, Rankin Inlet's graduates have demonstrated their provincial and territorial skills and are now able to work anywhere in Canada.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that we have been able to offer the Order of Nunavut to Nunavummiut at a national ceremony to honour the recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
Minister of Education, Mr. Joanasie.
Minister's Statement 049 - 5 (1): New Funding for Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Good afternoon, my colleagues, the people of Cape Dorset and Kimmirut, Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to announce today that the Department of Education will be providing O & M funding to eligible daycare facilities.
Mr. Speaker, the increase is the result of a three-year program plan that my officials have put in place for early childhood education and daycare, which was two separate agreements signed in September 2017 with the federal government.
Mr. Speaker, in the current fiscal year we will see eligible daycares receive an increase of $1,918.80, at a cost of $45,494.80, depending on the number, condition, and location of the daycare.
As long as the daycare does not increase the cost of childcare and additional costs, it will not be eligible for similar funding in the next fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, this money will not only help daycares manage their costs, but it will also help families with childcare costs without increasing their costs.
Mr. Speaker, we are proud to be able to provide this funding to daycares and families.
I also believe, and it is clear that we also believe that this funding will have a positive impact on the sustainability of both the funding and the cost of daycares.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Sheutiapik.
Minister's Statement 050 - 5 (1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Sheutiapik)
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Good day, Nunavummiut and my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, the mining industry is the foundation of Nunavut's economic development.
Our department is committed to supporting the mining industry to ensure that Nunavummiut benefit from these activities.
Mr. Speaker, the next national event will be held in Iqaluit at the 21st Annual Nunavut Mining Symposium held April 9-12, 2018.
This conference provides an opportunity for Inuit to explore new opportunities for Nunavut's mineral exploration and mining industry to ensure that our communities are aware and involved in mining and exploration in the territory.
We expect that this year's mining symposium will continue to be attended by all participants in the territory and we expect more than 400 participants.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to welcoming the mine, Inuit organizations, search and rescue teams, community members, and other participants to this important meeting.
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I encourage all members and the public to participate in the public hearing on April 11.
It's not just an opportunity to get good results, but it's an impact on the search and rescue. I look forward to responding to the member's question.
Members Statements. Member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
Member's Statement 096 - 5 (1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Granddaughter (Rumbolt)
Mr. Speaker, five years ago to today, the former Speaker rose in the House when I first got a grandchild. I now have five years of experience with my first granddaughter.
Happy birthday, Jayden.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member's Statement 097 - 5 (1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
This is a good suggestion for youth and a good plan for the future for their future careers.
I rise today to share good news with my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that the centre will be holding an Inuit youth gathering in the Kitikmeot region in Cambridge Bay next week to promote the 2018 Kitikmeot youth gathering.
Mr. Speaker, this gathering provides an opportunity for Kitikmeot youth to get together and discuss their priorities and concerns with youth.
It includes the following:
Mental health;
Youth facilities;
Preferential abuse;
The importance of Inuit knowledge, residential school solutions, and reconciliation; and
The protection of the Inuit language and culture continues.
Mr. Speaker, the participants from Taloyoak are:
Jody Karl;
David Tungilik;
Harold Paniyuk;
Luvvine Oleekatalik; and
Crystal Mitchell.
Participants from Kugaaruk are:
Becky Makituq;
Loretta Rodriguez Qirngnuq;
Kristen Deanna Qirngnuq;
Chantel Kanayuk Qirngnuq; and
Pauline Illuittuq.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in wishing them the best of success in their gathering.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightstone.
Member's Statement 098 - 5 (1): Tobacco Control Act (Lightstone)
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to address concerns that have been brought to my attention by my constituents regarding the legalization of marijuana.
I just recently received a letter that said, and I quote, "My family and I live in Iqaluit live in a public housing unit next year.
Over the last couple of years, we have had to move out of the smoke and the smell, the smoke that goes into my house is very strong. "
The letter goes on to state, and I quote, "I am deeply concerned about the effects of smoking on my children, my children, and others in this situation."
Mr. Speaker, as residents of Iqaluit and my family, we also live in a multiplex unit.
Mr. Speaker, dust suppressants in other parts of the country affect non-smokers.
Even if you don't smoke it for a long time, it has been known by the government that it has been a non-smoker for a long time.
As a father and toddler, I don't want them to be affected by these kinds of illnesses that include tobacco and marijuana.
As my colleague from Pangnirtung noted, the member asked the Minister of Health about the legalization of marijuana.
In my discussions with my constituents, many of my constituents share the same concerns.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that when you're dealing with this issue, you have to try to be flexible and balanced.
The federal government's proposed ban on smoking is expected to come into force within a few months.
I would like to ask for unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Lightstone, please proceed.
Thank you, my colleagues.
Under this legislation, elders will be able to retain and smoke marijuana. However, the government will have to determine what regulations will be in place to regulate the use of marijuana within the community.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet also said last week that the government's own consultations and results have already indicated that there are concerns about agricultural production and the acquisition of public housing units and condominiums.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that when this legislation is introduced in the Legislative Assembly, it will be necessary to clearly identify these issues and I look forward to the appropriate resolution of these issues with my colleagues.
Before we proceed, you will note that our colleague, Mr. Akoak, is not here today due to illness.
Mr. Akoak, please feel free to conclude your statement.
Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Member's Statement 099 - 5 (1): Expansion of Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say hello to the people of Baker Lake and all Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage our government to increase its training program in Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Baker Lake is a growing community. It's going to be very important to provide more training and employment opportunities for the people of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Piqqusilirivvik administers the program in Baker Lake.
This can be expanded so that the public will have a better understanding and a better understanding of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, the idea of establishing a university in Nunavut has been expressed, and Agnico Eagle Mines has said it would support such a project if it were to proceed.
I think it would be best to put it in the middle of Nunavut because Canada is also in the middle of it.
Mr. Speaker, one of my colleagues said it's very important that we take these things out before they pass.
Government tires are a slow process, but at the same time we must encourage and push for results that are readily available in front of us.
Mr. Speaker, this is the beginning of our term as the fifth Legislative Assembly. I, too, would like to see us take a step forward.
Expanding training opportunities in communities such as Baker Lake would be a good step forward.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Member's Statement 100 - 5 (1): Issues with Larga Boarding Home (Kamingoak)
Ms. Kamingoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good afternoon, colleagues, Kuglukturmiut, and Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage the government to take a closer look at the day-to-day operations of medical boarding homes.
Mr. Speaker, my constituents have brought me a number of concerns that have been brought to my attention for a long time now.
It's a food problem and it's a waste of time and it's broken down for a number of months.
Mr. Speaker, it is important for the government to ensure that the services that are paid to Nunavummiut are actually delivered.
I understand that hotels require a lot of accommodation on a daily basis, but it is also important that they are comfortable and well looked after.
Mr. Speaker, it is not clear whether or not the boarding home will be included in the review of medical travel.
I look forward to seeing the results of the review and recommendations that will be made to improve the services and conditions of medical boarding homes.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Member's Statement 101 - 5 (1): Congratulations to Rosemary Ejangiaq (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I rise today to congratulate Rosemary Ejangiaq from Naujaat.
She is a young graduate, but she has worked hard and has been recognized for her contributions to the Hurricane Elder's National School Award.
Mr. Speaker, the Rachel Arngnammaktiq Elementary School of Canada's Outstanding Principals Award is a scholarship that is awarded to high school students despite the difficulties they face in achieving success.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ms. Ejangiaq for her persistence and commitment to continue her education.
Our youth, many of whom are struggling, face difficulties and challenges in graduating from Nunavut Arctic College.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on his achievements. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Member's Statement 102 - 5 (1): Tribute to Canada under 150 (Nakashuk)
Mr. Nakashuk: Thank you.
Good afternoon, my colleagues, my family, and the people of Pangnirtung.
I rise this afternoon to congratulate a constituent of mine from Pangnirtung who was recognized by Dennis Patterson.
I would also like to congratulate an 18-year volunteer for search and rescue in Pangnirtung, Poasie Mike, who has worked for the search and rescue organization for 18 years. I would like to express my pride in him.
The last name on my list is the Hon. Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Member's Statement 103 - 5 (1): Budget Address (Main)
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say good day to the people who are watching the video.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer some observations and recommendations on the government's financial management system.
Mr. Speaker, as the new members of this House, we have learned a lot over the past two weeks and we have learned a lot.
Mr. Speaker, as Chair of the Regular Members Caucus of the Legislative Assembly, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of my colleagues for the opportunity to work together since the creation of the new Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of the strong message that we made on Friday that the Legislative Assembly will no longer accept and that the government must respect its own procurement rules.
Mr. Main: Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Iqaluit-Tasiluk tabled a very important motion on Friday, which we will be moving forward with when the House reconvenes for its spring sitting.
Mr. Speaker, although we are a territorial government, it is not always a functioning government.
For example, as I noted last week in my opening comments during the review of the college's capital estimates, the government listened to our concerns and even made significant changes to the budget.
I look forward to seeing more of that in the weeks and years to come, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, over the past few weeks, MLAs have asked a lot of questions on a daily basis.
I think we can say very clearly that we're achieving our goal and it's very obvious that we need to do more research on government spending.
It's not enough if we just count the amount of money that goes out.
I would like to ask for unanimous consent to conclude my statement, Mr. Speaker.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Main, please proceed.
Mr. Main: Thank you.
Mr. Speaker, I'm talking about the use of examples of what is happening.
Mr. Speaker, this information is required to be made public in the Legislative Assembly so that we, as elected MLAs, can make informed decisions on whether or not any funding needs to be increased, decreased, altered, or removed from the budget because of our limited resources.
Mr. Speaker, I'll use these as an example.
I think it's fair to say that we can agree that the government's administration of the tax credit for harvesters is lacking in the form of a subsidy for harvesters.
The Department of Environment, which administers the government's Harvester Support Program, must carefully review its programs and determine how to improve its targeting of harvesters to subsidize the cost of fuel.
Mr. Speaker, I will also take another example of the government's grants and contributions program.
We know that the government has spent a lot of money to promote economic development.
We know the amount of money that has been borrowed from the commercial sector.
We know who received the money.
We don't know what that money was used for.
We don't know how many Inuit were hired from Nunavut and we don't even know what the money was spent on.
Mr. Speaker, as you will be aware, although I have been able to speak to these issues for a long time, it won't work, but I'll stop there.
I would like to add that I look forward to reviewing the main estimates of the Legislative Assembly and I look forward to working closely with all members to strengthen our budget in support of all communities and constituents.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Member's Statement 104 - 5 (1): Two More Elders Travelling for Care (Towtongie)
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
From Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet, I rise today to pay tribute to one of our elders, Annie Tatty, who is flying to Ottawa today.
Also one of our elders, Amaruq, who I rise today in the House, has also been sent to Gjoa Haven because there is no elder in Rankin Inlet.
I would like to be heard by the Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet.
When I was elected in November, when I was looking at the budget, I asked the Minister of Health and Social Services, Where are the plans for the establishment of an elders facility in Rankin Inlet or in Nunavut?
I was told by the Minister of Health that all of us, as MLAs, feel very strongly about our elders.
When we meet in Pond Inlet, we will be able to bring this up.
I'm waiting.
The other day I rose in the House during the capital estimates and I don't see it in the capital estimates for the elders facility.
I was told that I don't have to talk about it, so I have to stop.
However, I was very thankful to our Chair, Allan Rumbolt, that I was able to continue to express my feelings towards the elders facility.
I rise today as an elected member to express my dissatisfaction with me.
The issue of sending elders to the south is not acceptable.
We want to be a good MLA, we want to be a good government, we have told our elders to be proud of them, and we send them outside of Nunavut.
Member for Amittuq, Mr. Irniq.
Member's Statement 105 - 5 (1): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue (Qiniq)
Mr. Irniq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thought I was forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to again express my pride in my fellow residents.
The search and rescue teams work very hard to search and rescue when there is a search.
They only use their own transportation.
I rise today to congratulate the community of Hall Beach's search and rescue team. Kyle Issigaitok is the chair of the search and rescue team, George Innuksuk is the executive director of Martha Gibbons Tupik, and Daniel Qaunaq.
Further, our elder, Abraham this morning, is an elder.
This is the first time I have stated that this is the first time I have ever travelled to search and rescue. This is the first time I have ever travelled to search and rescue.
As youth, we have to do more to help them out because our elders tell the truth.
We don't think we're going to build a future.
I'm here now and I'm very disappointed, but if I had listened to it again, I would be very disappointed.
I hope you don't do that for the youth. When you go out on the land, please be safe.
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to recognize the Igloolik search and rescue team. They had a meeting this week in Hall Beach and it's now springtime and it's nice to be out on the land.
With that being the case, Mr. Speaker, if you're going to be travelling to SPOT devices, please ask the elders if I'm going anywhere, so I'll catch up quickly.
Things like that.
I rise today to reiterate the fact that the search and rescue organization has one snowmobile and they have tried to apply to the Department of Community and Government Services and they have never received a response.
I would like the search and rescue organizations to be given more support.
That's it.
The last name on the list, Member for South Baffin, Mr. Joanasie.
Member's Statement 106 - 5 (1): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We hear good news from the Kinngait School at Sam Pudlat School and anyone will be invited to participate in the music or song contest.
I would like to take this opportunity to recognize the choir for their wonderful songs, and I would like to thank them for being able to travel to Cape Dorset with the help of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and the Hamlet of Cape Dorset.
There are none.
Member for Quttiktuq, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize visitors in the gallery. There are four people I would like to recognize.
First of all, I would like to recognize the national park manager for Nunavut. I would like to recognize Jenna Boun and her staff. She's always looking after me and our children. My wife, Carole Akeeagok, is my wife.
I would like to thank my cousin, Naiomi Kotierk, for being able to make it here.
I would also like to recognize our new employee who is here to attend school. He is our daughter and he is always sending our daughter to school. I am very proud of him and I would like to welcome Jayden Natanine.
I would like to explain a little bit.
When I was a child, I was still a child....
... I was expecting a seal for the first time in the lake.
I don't think there are too many caribou that were caught in the lake because we were in the sand on the Belcher Islands.
They were very helpful and they were my mother and father.
I would like to thank them for being able to come here.
Mr. Uttak and your officials, welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My parents in Wager Bay, although my mother is now a national park, were given pictures of all of us. I recognize you all and we appreciate our oldest and youngest children.
I used to stay at the hotel in Igloolik and when I was there, Theresa Otak gave me a cup of tea and Louie Uttak, I thank you for your good food and I look forward to staying with you again.
Thank you very much.
Welcome to the Legislative Assembly.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Ms. Kamingoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naiomi Kotierk from Kugluktuk and Carol Akeeagok, who are my relatives.
Naiomi is from Grise Fiord. I don't have any relatives every day, as you can see.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Mr. Nakashuk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would like to recognize and congratulate my husband, Andrew Nakashuk.
Please welcome him.
Mr. Nakashuk, welcome to our Legislative Assembly.
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery. I have no more names on my list.
We will proceed with the orders of the day.
We will begin with the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
Question 123 - 5 (1): Business Protection Act (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in the last couple of weeks and in the last couple of weeks to ensure that the training of supervisors is consistent and that the training is ongoing.
I would like to ask the minister if this government will be bringing forward legislation on waste management.
Minister of Justice, Minister Ell-Kanayuk.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
As of today, the Government of Nunavut does not have a Code of Values and Ethics.
Our department is aware that companies have been hiring security guards in our communities, such as health centres.
We are currently reviewing the policy for the establishment of the Nunavut Business Credit Corporation.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As the minister is saying, one of the last jurisdictions in Canada that don't have a business case, we want to make sure that businesses have the right to be accountable and that they have the expertise to provide the services that they need.
We have been bringing forward legislation in all regions.
My next question is: when they're reviewing the policy, will there be a legislative proposal that will be tabled in the House?
Minister of Education, Minister Ell-Kanayuk.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Hickes, yes, we can work on the policy or regulations of the NNI Policy.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Hickes.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
Mr. Speaker, I would just like to take this opportunity to note that the Department of Justice is being monitored by the RCMP. Does the Department of Community and Government Services work with the Department of Community and Government Services to coordinate the contracting, procurement, and contracting activities of the Government of Nunavut in the event of a contract?
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. The rules or policies are prepared by the Department of Justice or other departments. When it comes to drafting the policy, our department tries to get involved from the outset.
I don't have that information in front of me, but I can look into it and get back to the member.
Question 124 - 5 (1): Status of Site Remediation in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
I would like to follow up on some of the questions that I asked the minister last week regarding the remediation of the contaminated site in Baker Lake.
In one of his responses to me, the minister indicated that the "final report" would be prepared and submitted to the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
Will the minister commit to providing a copy of this report to both the Hamlet Council of Baker Lake and me as the MLA for the community?
Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation, Minister Ell-Kanayuk.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Yes, Mr. Mikkungwak, I can commit to doing that.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
One of the things that the minister has stood up to say is that the Qulliq Energy Corporation can work with the Municipality of Baker Lake to clean up the rubble. Mr. Speaker, I would be very pleased to hear that when I get back to the community next week, I will encourage the hamlet staff to meet with the Qulliq Energy Corporation officials.
Mr. Speaker, it would be very difficult to do that because the Qulliq Energy Corporation's headquarters is located in Baker Lake.
The minister indicated that the Qulliq Energy Corporation has already spent $1.68 million to date on remediation.
Can the minister clarify how much it would cost to clean up the surplus?
Minister of Environment, Minister Ell-Kanayuk.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. The total cost of the cleanup would be about $10 million. The energy corporation would be responsible for that kind of money, as I mentioned earlier, since the creation of Nunavut and the federal government is responsible for the cleanup.
We're committed to working with the Municipality of Baker Lake to clean up the existing contaminated site.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
As I noted last week in my question, the federal government or the Government of Nunavut have not finalized the cost estimates yet.
Mr. Speaker, I am in support of the Qulliq Energy Corporation's broken record that was used when the project was under federal jurisdiction.
Will the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation commit to working with the Minister of Justice to review and clarify the legal options that may be open to this issue?
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Yes, as the Minister of Energy and Justice, we will work together to resolve this issue.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightstone.
Question 125 - 5 (1): School Leave Policy (Lightstone)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Public Service Act.
In previous years, the most recent annual reports of the government's public service indicate how much was spent on attendance leave.
Unfortunately the 2016-17 annual report did not include these items.
Will the minister commit to providing this information to the Legislative Assembly?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
It seems like the annual report that the member wants us to go through, but I'm sure it's going to be tabled within a year because the books are tabled.
I can look into it and see if it's going to be there.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Lightstone.
I would just like to ask the minister if he can also provide the House with information on how many employees took advantage of this program in 2016-17.
Minister Akeeagok.
Speaker: The question has been taken as notice.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Question 126 - 5 (1): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Nakashuk)
Mr. Nakasuk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today are for the Minister of Community and Government Services.
I have also asked the minister about the old health centre in Pangnirtung that is no longer in use after the new health centre was opened.
The old health centre is no longer in use for a long time, but it remains closed.
My question is: what is the plan? Does the minister know what the status of the old health centre is?
Minister of Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank my colleague for that question.
When the old buildings that are no longer being used by the government are no longer being used, it becomes a question to the executive director of the government if they would like to use them.
The old health centre was built in 1975 in Pangnirtung and it went through that process.
The Department of Health doesn't want to use it anymore.
There was a request for proposals from different governments and we haven't heard of any proposals from them.
According to the process that the government uses, we are now making plans to see if the hamlet would like to take on that responsibility. That's where we're at right now.
If they don't want to, then we would go to the non-profit community to see if they would like to get it.
There is a process that goes through the disposal process.
That's where we're at right now.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Nakashuk.
If I understand correctly, the communities have been asked if they would like to start devolution or what is the status of it?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We haven't heard of any requests from the government.
At this time we are planning to see if the hamlet would like to get that funding.
That's where we're at right now.
Your final supplementary, Ms. Nakashuk.
I also thank the minister for her response.
I don't know if the hamlet would like it, but if it can't proceed from there, what happens when the old government buildings are no longer going to be used?
I also thank the member for that question.
There are more than four barriers that we face.
For example, when the old Pangnirtung health centre was no longer wanted by the Department of Health, we asked if it was a request from other government departments.
We will look into it to see if it's a wish list for the hamlet.
Those are the types of things that we use when we go through that process.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Question 127 - 5 (1): Family Services Client Travel Policy (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
I would first like to say good afternoon to them. Since I have been here, I haven't had a good afternoon. I say good afternoon to them.
We would like to go home very soon.
Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that some of Nunavut's most vulnerable people have to travel south to receive care, even though they are far away from their families.
I agree with the member that when you visit a family, it makes a lot of difference.
The Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy was tabled on the government's website in June of 2013 and came into effect on March 31, 2018.
It has been brought to my attention that the former Minister of Family Services has committed to making changes to the Family Services Client Travel Policy.
Can the minister indicate if any changes to the Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy have been made since 2013 and, if not, will be made after March 31 of this year?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I can't speak for the former minister first of all, but I can say that the policy will be in place until the end of March 2018 and it will remain in place until the new policy is changed.
I have not heard of any other Department of Family Services officials making any changes to this policy.
If there needs to be a change, we can look at it and we can't make any changes until we have a full review of it.
If there is a need to change something that seems to be beneficial to the clients and to the government, we can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The Department of Family Services Family Services Client Travel Policy states that an elder who is under the care of the Department of Family Services can be visited by two family members or chaperones each year.
Can the minister confirm if this policy has been amended to allow for two family members to visit twice a year on a regular basis?
Two return tickets. Two can travel at the same time or one can visit twice.
To be clear, there are two returns per ticket, two return tickets per year for each person in care.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Will the minister commit to considering changes to the family travel policy for elders in care?
The policy will be expiring very shortly and we will have to review it and I can't commit to it right now until we have a review of the whole policy.
I'm sure that there will be a review of all the medical travel costs that the Department of Family Services pays for medical travel.
We will have to work with the Department of Health to make sure that the policies are being followed, but I can't commit to anything other than that because the Client Travel Policy is coming to an end and I'm sure the details will be looked at.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Question 128 - 5 (1): Update on the Office of Patient Relations (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Mr. Speaker, from time to time, my constituents come to my office to ask for help with their medical travel.
As the minister has often told us, and even earlier this week, he issued a phone call that Nunavummiut can call the Office of Patient Relations if they have concerns.
Mr. Speaker, language and where you live is a language, it becomes a barrier.
Can the minister tell us what other options are available to the Office of the Patient Relations Office?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
Hon. Patterk Angnakak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand your concern, but we try to encourage people to call a toll-free number so that you can get an answer right away.
I don't have the information in front of me right now. There is an email address and there is a fax number.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I don't know if he answered my question or not, so I'll rephrase my question.
Mr. Speaker, the Information and Privacy Commissioner has raised concerns about privacy issues, and I understand that there is an urgent need to address the issue of access to information in the event of a breach of confidentiality.
The Office of Patient Relations has a form that outlines complaints or concerns.
However, if you don't have a fax machine, you can't send it on your own, and you don't have a whole bunch of computers, so you can't take pictures of what is going to be put on the website.
Can the minister clarify why the Office of Patient Relations does not have a fax machine?
An Hon. Member: Good question.
Minister Angnakak.
That's a very good question.
I think it's because of the declining number of fax machines that are out there. As we move forward with the technology, as a government, we're using more software than paper.
According to my briefing note, the government has a website that can be seen on www.ampnbsp @ gov.nu.ca. All the communities have health centres.
If you want to send out applications by fax, you can send them out. There are government liaison officers in every community.
They can be sent by fax to our headquarters.
If the patient relations office didn't have a fax machine, then I can look into it.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Question 129 - 5 (1): Income Assistance Policies (Towtongie)
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to follow up on some of the questions that were asked by the Member for Kugluktuk regarding income assistance.
The minister indicated that those who receive income assistance from the department to sign off on the program are part of the program's productive choices.
Can the minister clarify how the search for a successful candidate would be conducted without a clear mandate?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
With respect to the member's statement about the benefits of choosing a successful candidate, it would be up to me if there is no job available, but there are times when they can get a job or a short term job.
If it was appropriate to look for a suitable candidate, then they would have to go to the appropriate department. There is too much work to be done.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Towtongie.
The Income Assistance Program is a policy not a Government of Nunavut policy.
If it was a policy, then we wouldn't be able to make changes as MLAs.
What I see is that when there is no job for a young person, a young person in Taloyoak, who wants to sign a blank cheque on a monthly basis, that's what they're doing every month, and how they're going to make a good choice, it's just embarrassing and touching, and then the person who is on income support has pulled themselves out on top of that because they don't have a job, and then they go back and forth.
Can the minister clearly describe what specific Nunavut specific policies can be developed for outpost camps?
Right now it's a model that doesn't apply to Nunavut in the North.
The policy is for Nunavut and it's just for Nunavut.
It's only for Nunavut outside of Nunavut.
There was a review of income assistance and there was a change to the policy.
At this time, there are still funds available for income assistance and there are still children who are not eligible for income assistance in Nunavut. There was a review done on that and there was a change.
They have signed a contract and they will be able to see it again.
If they don't have a job, then they can't get a job. However, the benefits have to be carefully chosen. However, this will be looked into further.
Question 130 - 5 (1): Mine Training (Invitational)
Mr. Irniq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to direct my question to the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I strongly believe that when mining companies are trying to create jobs and manage the environment, the benefits are realized.
Perhaps my question today will be in regard to the construction of residential schools.
Last year you tabled your 2017-18 main estimates for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which included $200,000 in funding for the Nunavut Mine Training Program.
Can the minister provide an update on how much money has been spent to date in 2017-18?
Mr. Speaker, I hope I was understandable.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank the member for his question.
What I can say about the mine training program is that it doesn't have a list of how it was spent.
The department is working with Family Services, Nunavut Arctic College, the Government of Canada, our mining industry, and Inuit organizations to develop a number of projects to prepare Nunavummiut for opportunities in the mining industry. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Irniq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that response.
Will the Department of Finance be increasing its budget or reducing its budget for the 2018-19 fiscal year?
Minister Sheutiapik.
I can't respond to that question at this time, but I'm sorry if I can get back to the member's question on how the $200,000 has been spent.
The Kitikmeot Corporation received $61,000 for this program, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's Literacy Program for the Qikiqtaaluk region, $60,000, and the Hamlet of Arviat's Employment Plan Program, which received $78,000 for heavy equipment operator training.
Thank you for clarifying that question.
As you will recall, last week I tabled a copy of the Nunavut Impact Review Board's submission to the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
They will be drilling near Hall Beach this spring.
I would like to ask the minister and the Department of Economic Development and Transportation to work with not only the Arctic Air but all the mining companies to see how they can benefit from this training program in my community or in the High Arctic.
To add to that, Hall Beach is a small community and they will be spending a lot of money, but they do work through the mining industry.
You also stated that you will be supporting the mining industry.
My question, Mr. Speaker, is: will you be able to manage the funds that you have identified, for example, the Mary River project?
There is the Mary River project in the Baffin region and in the Kivalliq region, there is a gold project. In the Kitikmeot region, there is a gold project.
Will they be able to be looked after properly?
For example, if I was an Inuk who wanted to pursue a higher education, how would I be able to receive training and how would the Department of Economic Development and Transportation help me out?
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank the member for that very good question because the Department of Economic Development and Transportation is not responsible for that.
The Department of Education also has a mine training centre and it's also important to recognize that mining projects vary from year to year. There are different projects that have to be taken into consideration.
It's tied to different departments. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Oral Questions.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 131 - 5 (1): Support for Health Centre Staff (Main)
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Let me start by saying that my question is related to many communities, not just my community.
I believe it's a territory-wide issue with our nurses and our health care providers.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that this is one of the reasons why there is so much work being done in English, such as the nurses being held at the same time.
This is due to a lack of staff and due to the lack of staff, the number of positions is increasing due to the lack of staff.
It's obvious that this causes a lot of poverty.
I hope I was understandable in Inuktitut. I hope you understood me now.
Let me say it in English. Mr. Speaker, the number of positions is increasing due to a lack of staff and the number of positions being filled is increasing.
My question for the minister is this: can the minister tell us what actions her department has taken to provide additional support to health centre staff in communities with high levels of workload?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
I thank the member for that very important question.
The issue of staffing the health centre is a serious one and that's one of the things that we have been working very hard as a department to make sure that we don't have a shortage of staff at the health centre.
We're hoping that's the case, but we're always short of money.
I know that the nurses are very tired.
Our department tries to do what they can.
We just recently did that in the community. We've got a tired nurse and we've sent more nurses to support them.
If that's the case, then they send a nurse to the health centre when there is a high turnover.
When a nurse is in a situation where there is a need for a holiday or a sick nurse in a situation like that, we look at where we can get an escort from the community.
We don't want to reduce the number of nurses in Nunavut.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for her response.
I think we're all concerned about the department's staffing numbers. To use my community as an example, it's clear that there are still too many vacant positions at the health centre.
According to the article, 70 per cent of the positions are vacant, while Arviat is at 44 per cent vacant.
I recognize that it's a difficult issue and it's a complex issue.
I would now like to ask the minister if he can describe the challenges that his department faces in providing additional staff to community health centres that are always busy.
Minister Angnakak.
I don't know if it's after 30 months that we can't retain them when they're trained. I don't know if it's new or not, but it's very hard to be a nurse in the community.
I think you have to take a good look at it. We have been working very hard to try to get the community support centre in place.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I thank the minister for her response.
Maybe to put it another way, Mr. Speaker, we know that there are a lot of problems in the communities. There's a lot of work being done and there's always a shortage of staff at the health centre.
I would like to understand clearly what specific actions are being taken to address these problems in the communities. What is being done and what is being done to address these problems in the communities?
What is being done and what is being done to ensure that our nurses and other health care professionals are being supported by the department?
Hon. Patterk Angnakak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Just for clarification, I don't have the substantiation sheet for the O & M.
For example, if we're only open for emergencies, they can't make appointments when their workload is too high or if there are too many nurses who have left the community for whatever reason.
Our department, as I said, is trying to fill all the positions. It's a challenge that we're competing with across Canada.
That's what we're trying to do. I know that they work with people who have experience in the north, not just in the north, but in northern Manitoba.
I know that the Department of Health is very aware of the use of our nurses.
As much as we can to help them out as much as we can, it's not easy to fix it right away, but we have to work on it all the time. If you have any ideas, let me know.
Question 132 - 5 (1): Insurance Policy on Government Facilities (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Finance.
Mr. Speaker, as we are all aware, all Nunavut communities have different infrastructure, such as air terminal buildings, health centres, schools, and office buildings.
My question for the minister is: when it comes to the insurance program, is that infrastructure a single project or is it a separate project based on need?
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Our insurance premiums are broken down into different categories depending on what the infrastructure is.
Each of our infrastructure has different policies and some don't even have policies. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I recently saw on the news that one of our communities was trying to get another school burned down.
The Department of Finance is trying to come up with a solution to ensure that the infrastructure is adequately insured. We also learned that the cost of our own infrastructure in Arctic Bay is $10 million.
How will it affect the WCB in the event of another school fire? Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Today there is an increase of $10 million to $20 million for schools that have been exposed to fires.
We continue to lobby the Department of Education and all of us to lobby the federal government to address the high cost of living and unfortunately the high cost of arson.
I think one of the things that we should try and do is show that we can continue to work on safety issues. We're doing a better job. We have to show that our own costs are increasing and we're getting our own insurance. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand that it scares me, but when you look at the municipal insurance program, it was half of the cost.
That was my question.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Hopefully we will continue to have insurance.
The new $20 million is for school fires.
Schools and other buildings have to pay $1 million on their own.
There are different things.
I can't say how many schools would have to be burned down, they don't have insurance anymore.
I hope that we don't have this kind of fire in our government and I appreciate the fact that we have to continue to lobby all MLAs because this is a school for our children and for the public...
It's not just schools and health centres that are vital to our service delivery.
Any damage is a challenge to our customers and I would like to continue to push for these buildings.
That's a reminder, Mr. Speaker.
This is a public housing unit where all students and the public, such as schools, health centres, and garages, all belong to the public service.
I applaud you for tabling this document in the House. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Question 133 - 5 (1): Expansion of Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, in my member's statement, I noted that as the fifth Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, we have a new opportunity to push Nunavut towards a brighter future.
Can the minister tell the House if he would be willing to reopen the idea of establishing a university in your community in partnership with the private sector and others?
Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College, Mr. Joanasie.
I also thank the Member for Baker Lake for that question.
The Nunavut Arctic College offered a proposal to various universities outside of the territory to look at how we can work together.
We have also heard that various organizations, such as Agnico Eagle, have expressed their interest in establishing a university for Nunavut.
We would like to move forward on that, but to date we have been working on an agreement with other jurisdictions to work with Nunavut Arctic College.
I strongly believe that we need to provide funding for the expansion of education from Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit to the Piqqusilirivvik program, such as the administration of students at the university.
I feel that Baker Lake would be a very good location for such an expansion.
Can the minister clarify if he and his officials have had any discussions with the board of governors of Nunavut Arctic College to look at ways to increase opportunities for post-secondary education in Nunavut?
Minister Joanasie.
We would like to see more opportunities for Nunavummiut to pursue post-secondary education in their communities. We have also noticed that there are opportunities for online learning.
Further, with respect to the member's question about the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School, we are looking at how we can expand the programs that are available at that time.
Yes, they will be part of the Arctic College board of governors, along with my officials, the president of Nunavut Arctic College, and the vice-president, and they will be preparing to move forward on that.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I recognize that the previous government agreed to a recommendation that Nunavut Arctic College would not be tabled at that time.
Will the minister commit to getting back to me on this issue and reporting back to the House on what he knows about it?
Minister Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Mikkungwak for the question.
The option of establishing a university in Nunavut is shared by a wide range of people.
Agnico Eagle has also been able to come up with $5 million to build a new university if there is a demand for it.
I believe the discussions are ongoing.
Right now in the next four years I don't know if we want to go through that process, but it's going to be a feasibility study.
Members, please note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Main.
Motion 015 - 5 (1): Extension of Question Period (Main)
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Pursuant to Rule 39 (7), I move, seconded by the Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that question period be extended. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The motion is in order and is not debatable.
All those in favour, raise your hand.
All those opposed.
As such, we have extended the time for oral questions by 30 minutes, starting now.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 134 - 5 (1): Grants and Contributions (Main)
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
I rise today to ask questions about the Department of Environment's Harvester Support Program and how it benefits our harvesters.
In looking at the government's main estimates for 2017-18, there are three main estimates.
Let me speak in English so that I can be clear. There are three grants that the Department of Environment administers under the Disaster Compensation Program, the Wildlife Damage Compensation Program, and the Fur Pricing Program.
There has been $150,000 set aside for this year.
Mr. Speaker, I would first like to ask if the minister can describe how the Department of Environment evaluates the effectiveness of its programs and services.
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The auction was held three times a year and they just recently held a auction in early March. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
I also thank the minister for his response on the sealing issue.
Mr. Speaker, the information that has been provided to this House over the past few years is something that I really wanted to see and I think it's something that the hunters and trappers have to look at.
In 2011 the Department of Environment reported that the fur auction price for sealskins was $800,000.
In 2012 it was $1.1 million and in 2013 it was $1.04 million.
Mr. Speaker, can the minister provide us with an update on the status of the Fur Pricing Program this year? I would like to get the latest information from the minister on whether or not this past year's Fur Pricing Program still looks like a good investment.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I have a copy of what you read.
I can't tell you where they're at right now because I don't have the latest tenders in front of me.
I can tell you that after the Northern Lights Trade Show, the prices of sealskins will increase and we will be able to find out at that time when the fur auction will be held. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I also thank the minister.
This will be my final question, Mr. Speaker.
The Department of Environment is considering whether or not the hunters should be given more funding to help them out.
With respect to fox pelts, we are very much aware of them as Nunavummiut.
I believe that the funding that is allocated for one year is too small, Mr. Speaker.
I think it's too small.
I would like to ask the minister if he agrees with me and if he can look into this further in the next few months.
I agree with you, and I look forward to tabling the proposed increases in the House if you support them.
Question 135 - 5 (1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
Mr. Speaker, as we are all aware in Nunavut, hunters are severely damaged by polar bears. Their cabins are destroyed and their equipment is no longer usable and their snowmobiles are destroyed.
Mr. Speaker, there is a compensation program for damages, but it's very hard to get compensation for damages and damages.
I'm just wondering if the funding for damaged equipment has been depleted this year.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
I'm sorry I didn't hear all the details.
Can he repeat the question?
Speaker: Please repeat your first question, Mr. Keyootak.
Our equipment, snowmobiles, and cabins are destroyed by polar bears, especially when we are away from them.
We know that there are compensation programs for damages that have been done while we are away from them.
My question was: have these funds already been used for this year's capital estimates?
Speaker: Thank you for that clarification.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
The minister indicated that she would respond to that once she has the information.
Can the minister indicate which communities in the Baffin region have been used for the Kivalliq and Kitikmeot regions?
Yes, I will provide it to the member by region.
Question 136 - 5 (1): Early Learning and Childcare (Hickes)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Education.
The Minister of Education stated this afternoon that all eligible daycares will be able to receive more licences based on their location and location.
How much is being considered to be given to licensed daycare facilities?
Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation, Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
The Department of Education's executive committee approved a 10-year collective agreement for a three-year term. Over the next three years, it has been broken down into four categories.
If I can get you a breakdown of how much it is, the O & M total of $1.1 million a year, is broken down by that year.
That's the numbers that I have.
I thank the minister for that clarification.
Mr. Speaker, when I look at the Child Day Care Act in Nunavut, section 17 of the Public Service Act states that all employees who deal with children on a daily basis must be properly trained. That's one of the things that I expect.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that the Early Childhood Education Program is administered by Nunavut Arctic College.
Are they evaluated on how well they're doing? Are they evaluated on the training needs that they're supposed to promote?
Hon. David Joanasie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank Mr. Hickes.
Training is part of the collective agreement for a three-year term.
The $1.1 million is outside the O & M budget.
We would like to get more certified teachers for early childhood education.
That's one of the things that we're hoping to expand and train more on the job training and we're looking forward to the next three years.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank the minister.
I look forward to continuing to provide that information to the House.
When I look at the staff at the daycare and the curriculum that is available, I have always heard that when the staff is trained, it seems like it's more effective to train them.
Mr. Speaker, I have also heard concerns about the lack of income for daycare workers and the high turnover of full-time daycare workers.
When it comes to standardizing the education system for our children in the early childhood education system, it's very important to stay in the workforce.
Is this funding to support the daycare workers so that they can get a better wage so that they can continue to work there and not work there on a casual basis?
I agree with Mr. Hickes and I fully understand and agree that we want to make sure that children are ready to learn and succeed in life before they enter the school system.
That's what we're trying to do and we're trying to support the daycare staff.
As long as part of the collective agreement does not increase the cost of providing daycare services, I believe that we can work to ensure that staff at the daycare are able to effectively meet their basic needs.
We're still working on it and we want to make sure that we have daycare workers across the territory.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 137 - 5 (1): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts (Main)
On Friday, March 16, I asked the Minister of Community and Government Services questions on this issue. I spoke with the minister and asked for more information on this issue.
The increase in the number of Inuit working within the department is based on the number of Inuit who will be working on these projects.
Mr. Speaker, the minister and I seem to agree that they're in support of increasing the number of Inuit employed.
About 20 per cent of that is related to the construction of the Baffin Correctional Centre and the marine infrastructure in Iqaluit and Pond Inlet.
If I understood correctly, Mr. Speaker, it was at 20 per cent and 15 per cent.
Can the minister describe what options are currently being considered to change the number of tenders that have been issued and if the department has the authority to do so?
Minister of Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
I believe the member understands that when it comes to tendering, the Department of Community and Government Services helps the departments that will have the equipment.
If it's going to be a marine facility, then the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, if we're talking about a correctional facility, is the Department of Justice?
We work with them to make sure that the contracts are being followed. We help them out because we don't have control over them.
We work with our client departments and they try to figure out how many Inuit can be employed.
We try to make sure that we don't go over budget and if they're going to go over budget, they're going to go down and get what they can get, but we work with the departments to make sure that they don't go over budget.
I can't say right now that after the tender has been issued, it's going to be tendered out and I don't think it's possible to change that, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to ask about that.
If there are no changes to the tender process, then what other options would be available for Inuit employment?
Can the Department of Community and Government Services work on this?
I hope I was clear, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister tell me, and perhaps tell the House, what is the status of employees from other communities who wish to work during the construction season, and can employees from Nunavut receive the same benefits that employees from outside of Nunavut receive?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the member for that question.
Mr. Speaker, the Nunavummi Nangminiqaqtunik Ikajuuti Policy provides that contractors conduct inspections on issues related to Inuit labour content and sets out the terms and conditions of the contract:
Detail of Expenditures;
Inuit who are available to work in the labour force based on their education;
Other community projects could affect the availability of Inuit employment.
Mr. Speaker, we encourage contractors in the communities to hire local representatives from the regions before they can recruit from outside the territory.
That's why we encourage people who come to Nunavut to look for employment.
We encourage them to do that.
We work very closely with the client departments to make sure that they're meeting their targets.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank the minister for his response.
For my final question, I would like to ask the minister if he can commit to working with his department to address the major infrastructure needs in Nunavut.
Will the minister commit to working with the Department of Community and Government Services to ensure that job opportunities are created and that Inuit can apply for jobs during construction projects in communities outside of the territory?
Will the minister commit to ensuring that this option is taken into consideration to ensure that Nunavummiut are included in the contracting process?
I believe the Government of Nunavut as a whole encourages the public to look for employment opportunities for Nunavummiut first.
That's the way we're always set up and we will continue to do that.
Going to the orders of the day.
Returns to Written Questions.
Clause 9.
Reports of Standing and Special Committees on Bills and Other Matters.
Tabled Document 029 - 5 (1): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Report from the North Aeroplan Mining Corp. Regarding: Mile Diamond Project (Qiniq)
Last week I tabled a letter from the president of Norterra concerning the Mary River drilling project near Hall Beach.
As I stated earlier, I will be supporting the mining companies because my fellow residents of Amittuq don't have the opportunity to get jobs.
I am pleased to table today a copy of the minister's response to the North Bay Mine Training Society's 2018 Annual Report on the Strategic Investments Program.
I believe that this project will benefit my constituents.
I'll get back to the member on that.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Tabled Document 030 - 5 (1): Letter from Hamlet of Naujaat Re: four-bay garage (Netser)
Tabled Document 031 - 5 (1): Letter from Hamlet of Naujaat Re: Airport Expansion in Naujaat (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to table two documents from the Hamlet of Naujaat that the government has requested.
The community's four-bay garage is growing rapidly and its vehicles are no longer able to keep up with the work that is being done by the staff. It's getting very old and overcrowded.
The other one is that if the airstrip was to be extended, it would be very beneficial to the community.
That's what the hamlet has written to the government.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Tabled Document 032 - 5 (1): Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak)
I wish to table today a copy of the Department of Family Services Client Travel Policy, which includes the application process and the Client Travel Policy.
I have two.
Tabled Document 033 - 5 (1): Options under the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Fund (Speaker)
Tabled Document 034 - 5 (1): Speaker's List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker)
I thank my colleagues. I have two documents to table today.
The first section of the Elections Act is the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act.
The second document is a list of outstanding statutory tabling requirements. Thank you.
Going back to the orders of the day.
Notices of Motions.
Notices of Motions for First Reading of Bills.
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters. Bills 2, 3 and 4 with Mr. Rumbolt in the Chair.
In accordance with the authority provided to me by Motion 10 - 5 (1), the committee will stay in session until it reports itself out.
Before we proceed to the Committee of the Whole, we will take a 20-minute break.
> > House recessed at 15: 54 and resumed in Committee of the Whole at 16: 18
Chairman: Good afternoon. I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
In Committee of the Whole we have the following items to deal with: Bills 2, 3, and 4.
Mr. Main.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We wish to commence the review of Bill 2, followed by Bill 3 and the supporting documents.
Chairman: Thank you.
Members, do we agree that we first deal with Bill 2?
Do you agree?
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Consideration in Committee
Go to Bill 2 in your legislation binder.
We will proceed. Mr. Akeeagok, do you have witnesses that you would like to bring to the witness table?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Yes, Mr. Chairman, if I may, I would like to have officials join me at the witness table.
Chairman: Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses in.
Mr. Akeeagok, for the record, please introduce your officials and proceed with your opening comments.
To my left is my Assistant Deputy Minister, Dan Carr.
Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to be here today to present Bill 2, Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2018-2019.
With this bill coming into force, the government is requesting you to spend $491,804,000 between April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
Mr. Chairman, over the course of this year the Minister of Finance has been here for the whole fiscal year, but we have just sat in the Fifth Assembly and we're still planning what we're going to do.
With that being the case, the 2018-19 budget for the 2018-19 fiscal year will be in the capital estimates for the upcoming spring sitting in May and June.
To that end, Mr. Chairman, in the interim appropriation, the department will be able to fulfill its mandate to provide services to Nunavummiut within the next few months.
This is a critical step in setting aside money for this year's general election.
Mr. Chairman, all departments and territorial corporations have had an opportunity to review these interim appropriations. Our calculations are based on departmental spending and cash flow over the last four years.
We are satisfied that this amount will be sufficient to cover the operations of the Legislative Assembly after the review of the bill and the passage of the annual budget.
These are the details of the two pieces of legislation that we will be requesting funding for:
$8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly;
$11.66 million to the Department of Community and Government Services;
$29.08 million to the Department of Finance;
$49.1 million for the Department of Family Services;
$32.44 million for the Department of Justice;
$10.77 million for the Department of Culture and Heritage;
$64.1 million for the Department of Education;
$85.77 million for the Department of Health's old office buildings;
$8.32 million for the Department of Environment office;
$82.73 million, for the Department of Community and Government Services old office buildings;
$23.29 million to the Department of Economic Development and Transportation for office space;
$73.39 million for the Nunavut Housing Corporation; and
$12.54 million, Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments.
I would now be pleased to answer any questions or comments that members may have.
I would now like to ask if members have general comments.
Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was reading the Inuktitut copy. $32.44 million for the Department of Justice in Inuktitut is $32.44 for the Legislative Assembly.
Is there a difference in Inuktitut of $8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly or the Department of Justice?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. For clarification, the Office of the Legislative Assembly is requesting $8.62 million and the Department of Justice is seeking $32.4 million.
I'm sorry if it wasn't translated properly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The English version is correct.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have a question on the interim appropriation and we're not at a percentage of the budget, so I would like to ask the minister if he can indicate what the expenditures are and how they're going to spend the money and how they're going to spend the money that they're going to spend on elections.
I recognize that there has been a lot of debate on financial management, and the minister has indicated that there needs to be real changes to ensure that we have the right departments to provide the services that they're supposed to provide to Nunavummiut.
It's not directly related to that, Mr. Chairman. It's related to the bill. It's related to that.
Have there been any changes to the allocation of funds in the upcoming fiscal year?
Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
As of now, there haven't been any real changes to the operations and maintenance budget, but I'm sure we will see the capital budget this fall. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there any more general comments?
If members have any questions on the opening comments, please proceed.
If there are none, we will proceed to the clause-by-clause review of the bill.
Go to Bill 2 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Chairman: Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman: Go to Schedule on page 2. Page 3. Schedule. Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Interim Appropriation. $491,804,000.
Thank you, Mr. Main. Do you have a question?
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm sure I should have tabled this earlier, but I have a question on the department's grants and contributions.
It's my understanding that the figures are based on a percentage of the annual amount, but some of the grants and contributions are already spent and the funds for the entire fiscal year will be spent as soon as April 1.
I just want to clarify a little bit more in terms of the grants and contributions that are provided through the Department of Economic Development and Transportation or the Nunavut Housing Corporation. How does that work when the funding is not for a whole year, but some of the programs are run on an annual basis?
Chairman: Thank you.
Hon. David Akeeagok: That's a good question.
With respect to the allocation of funds, as I stated in my opening comments, the last four years, when I look at the departments, some of them are for the first three months of the grants and contributions, as I mentioned earlier.
I can say that the Department of Community and Government Services and the Nunavut Housing Corporation are one of the biggest departments. As you can see, their grants and contributions are for operations and maintenance.
When it comes to a request for proposals, there are a number of different departments that have different systems in place, but over the last four years all the departments have been spending their budgets on a quarterly basis. The Department of Finance is looked at and the departments agree on how their grants and contributions work.
Chairman: Thank you, Minister Akeeagok.
My next question is: can the minister confirm whether or not there are any projects that have been put on hold or are they just going to go through the normal process?
Chairman: Thank you, Mr. Main.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. We are operating the same department and those are the numbers that have been given to us.
Hopefully by tomorrow, we will be able to look at our business plan for the future. We have been able to come up with a plan for the Fifth Assembly. We have been given direction from the departments and cabinet. It's going to be the same for the next three months. In May, we will be reviewing those projects again.
Ms. Towtongie.
I'm sorry. Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I also thank the minister and his officials.
In the main estimates, there is $491,804,000. The figures are broken down by region.
For example, in the bill, $8,623,000 will be used. In the minister's opening comments, it states $8.26 million.
It's not $3,000 and it seems like the total amount is $54,000.
What is the reason for that?
That's my question.
Chairman: Thank you, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The bill is on page 3 in Inuktitut, so we're trying to get the exact numbers approved.
Those are the actual figures.
As I stated in my opening comments, I have just reduced the numbers in English to keep them close to the main estimates. I don't want to say all of the figures, but we have reduced them by number.
The numbers that we're looking at in the bill are accurate, but he doesn't say all of them.
Total Supplementary Appropriation. $491,804,000. Do you agree?
Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman: Do you agree to Bill 2 as a whole?
Do members agree, pursuant to Rule 62 (2), that Bill 2 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would just like to thank my officials for being prepared to allow our government to operate until June.
I thank all members for their support in approving this budget. I look forward to sitting in the House during our budget session in May and June.
I thank you all.
Bill 2 is done.
I would now like to ask the minister if he can proceed with his opening comments on Bill 3.
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will keep my officials at the witness table and I would like you to know that as soon as we get to the witness table, I will be able to bring in another witness, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, can I begin with my opening comments?
I am pleased to present Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2017-2018, No. 3. This bill proposes to increase the government's budget by $56,602,000 for the following reasons:
$49 million will be required by the Department of Health to cover over-expenditures on medical travel, mental health, addictions treatment, elders care, medical care, and tuberculosis research;
$6.2 million will be required by the Department of Justice to cover the over-expenditures of the RCMP, Corrections and Justice; and
$1.402 million has been spent on child care, family services, and banking services.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments. I would be pleased to respond to any questions or comments that members may have.
Are there any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18 No. 3. Family Services. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Children and Family Services. $1,402,000.
Yes, the number that I just saw in the substantiation sheets still doesn't give me any detail as to what areas you're focusing on.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don't have the breakdown in front of me, but there are two main cases where we send more people out of the territory to receive care. There has been an increase in the number of people that we send out of the territory.
For example, there is an elder from Igloolik, Gjoa Haven, and I don't know which community, who is in Ottawa, who has been given a ticket to visit, so that they can get a visit.
They don't get any help from the Department of Family Services, but they do visit their families.
The majority of our elders who are sent out of the territory are not eligible for support in Nunavut. As per my earlier statement, there are more visits to the communities.
In the collection of all the elders programs that the Department of Family Services is responsible for, I would like to ask if the Department of Family Services has ever returned to the Department of Health, but are you still dealing with elders through Family Services?
Some of the things the minister mentioned are not directly related to the Department of Family Services.
Some of them are in the care of the Department of Health and some of them are in the care of the Department of Health and Social Services and there is funding available through the Department of Family Services for travel.
That's one of the examples I used. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I understand that some of the clients have to be visited because the money is in the Department of Family Services.
My question is: are there still elders who are receiving income assistance that haven't been transferred to the Department of Health?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. According to what I have right now, the information that I have is that the transfer has been transferred to the Department of Health.
The ones that haven't been transferred to the Department of Health are still managed by the Department of Family Services.
I'm just wondering if there are any other programs that haven't been transferred over to Family Services. I'm just looking at the information and looking at our business plan, I believe they're all transferred over. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Maybe I'm confused, but if the minister can ask the Minister of Family Services to clarify that, I would appreciate it.
It's up to Minister Akeeagok to respond to that question.
Hon. David Akeeagok: I'll try to clarify it.
I thought the question was: are there still people in the Department of Health that still have to be with Family Services?
My response was that the Department of Health is there right now and the elders care is there.
The Department of Family Services is still under Family Services.
The supplementary appropriation is for what the Department of Family Services spent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that clarification.
I understand a lot better now.
Maybe I'll rephrase my question a little bit more clearly.
Is the Department of Family Services still responsible for elders? Does the Department of Family Services still have programs for elders?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yes, there is still funding available for elders and I would like the Minister of Family Services to clarify that.
I recognize that the government's programs, such as the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Income Assistance Program for Seniors, and the Department of Family Services, I'm sure, are responsible for over 60 years of age.
If I skip, Minister Savikataaq can assist me in responding to that question. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank both ministers for that clarification.
This is my final question.
When Nunavut residents are sent outside of the territory, do they still receive income assistance from Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like Minister Savikataaq to respond to that question. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Chairman: Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
It varies depending on the situation.
There are times when people are eligible for income assistance, but I can't say that all of them are the same.
I have a very detailed question under the department.
They have indicated that they will be submitting surplus funds from other departments.
As it stands, do the other departments that are here support the whole of Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It doesn't affect all regions.
In addition to the Department of Family Services, most of the money was transferred to the Department of Health's Income Assistance Program.
They don't get a lot of income support. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for her response.
When you're going to be submitting submissions from different departments, when do you identify potential deficits and how do you deal with them?
I don't know if that has anything to do with our meeting, but Minister Akeeagok.
Our department reports on a monthly basis and at the end of the fiscal year, it's a little over budget. If we can't do that, then we have to go through a supplementary appropriation.
We're on page 4.
Mr. Main.
The document that we have in front of us indicates that the number of people living in residential care is increasing. The number of people living in residential care was 189. The number of people in residential care was 243.
Do you anticipate that this number will continue to increase?
What is the reason for the increase in the number of people requiring care?
Do you know what the reason is for the increase in the number of people requiring care?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The number of clients was increasing in 2013 and that's why we're following the increase.
As things have been changing for a number of years, will that be included in the budget as of now, starting with last year's budget, I don't want to commit to approving a supplementary appropriation so that you can have the correct budget in place?
Will that be included in the increase?
As we go through each page, it will be obvious that we will be able to talk about the changes that are happening and if we don't keep up with the budget, then we will be able to review our budgets.
We will be asking questions during the review of the main estimates. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In your substantiation sheet, it states that there is a surplus within the department.
It also indicates that the department has recently revised its Income Assistance Program.
I'm just wondering if the minister can indicate if any of the surplus funds have been depleted by the administration of the Income Assistance Program or will the majority of the money be allocated to income assistance clients.
Which one of those increases was it?
I'm trying to understand where the surplus went, where was it spent?
Is the income assistance amount being paid more or has the income assistance amount been increased? Where did the surplus go?
Chairman: Thank you. Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. There are a number of issues with the Department of Family Services.
They have been hired to manage the transfer from one department to another and some of them have started to work on who they are and how they work.
The government's response to the member's question was that they send people to residential care in a number of areas.
There are a number of factors in how the Department of Family Services has reached its budget shortfall during the current fiscal year. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'll leave it there.
The information indicates that the department spends more money on income assistance than it does on income assistance, which indicates that it spends more money on income assistance.
Will the money that is being requested be used for staff or will it be used for income assistance?
My colleague, Savikataaq, is better able to respond to that question.
Mr. Savikataaq, please proceed.
The income assistance adjustments have a significant impact on the funding. I can use this as an example.
The National Child Benefit Supplement was deducted from the income and income assistance calculations.
The income assistance recipients will no longer be able to receive more money, but the income assistance families will no longer be able to deduct their income assistance from their income assistance payments.
We're on Total Children and Family Services.
Not Previously Authorized. $1,402,000.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Department. $2,600,000.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Minister, welcome.
It states here that the purchase of new drugs will be part of the legislative changes to marijuana by the federal government this summer. Is that the plan?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to ask the Deputy Minister of Justice to go to the witness table and get the Deputy Minister of Justice to respond to the member's question.
Do you agree to bring in the witness?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the other witness out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your witness.
To my left is the Deputy Minister of Justice, Bill MacKay.
If it's okay with you, I would like to respond to the question.
Mr. Chairman, that's a very good question regarding the Department of Justice and the RCMP.
That doesn't apply to marijuana.
We don't want the prescription drugs in Canada to come to Nunavut, but these are new drugs that we need to learn and implement.
In December, at the finance ministers meeting, the money that will be allocated for marijuana will be 25 per cent of the money from the federal government that will go to the RCMP to do inspections on marijuana.
That's two parts.
I thank the minister for her response.
My next question is in regard to the high cost of housing in the communities.
I'm just wondering if the minister can explain why this is in there.
Chairman: Thank you, Mr. Netser.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This relates to the fact that the RCMP received nine additional RCMP officers in various communities and that's why they provide staff housing.
When there are additional RCMP officers, we have to go through the government contract to get housing. The additional costs were around $300,000. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Main, did you have a question?
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The minister mentioned that there's $2,600,000 divided by $300,000 for housing.
Can you break it down in a little bit more detail?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'll ask our officials.
Those are the numbers that are there.
Thank you Mr. Chairman.
I also thank the minister for her response. $1 million will be used for vehicles.
Why was it that these vehicles were not expected to be purchased?
I believe it was supposed to be included in the budget, if I understood correctly.
Can the minister indicate if this was the reason for the purchase of new vehicles?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That's a good question.
The $1 million is for the replacement of vehicles.
We have a contract with the RCMP and there are different things that they have to do.
He stated last year that his vehicles were not changed due to a lack of funding.
However, earlier this year, the vehicles that were damaged were purchased to meet their basic needs.
That's why it has gone up so much this year.
They have tried to save a lot of money, but their equipment is breaking down and that's how it is.
Under the contract with the RCMP, we don't go through the procurement process. We don't go through that process.
However, in our discussions with the federal government, we have to come to an agreement with them and it seems like it has gone up too much.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It also states here that my colleague is referring to this issue.
These new drugs, I believe, are the most dangerous drugs.
Will the equipment that will be used for the study be made available to all the communities or will it be just some of them?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yes, all the RCMP officers will be getting that information for all the communities.
Those are the new equipment that will be used to monitor the RCMP and the general public. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If the drugs are dangerous or if they're new drugs, they're starting to find drugs in our communities. Have there been any plans or, if not, which communities have been found by the RCMP to date?
Yes, the people who are coming to our communities are very happy and I hope that they will stop there.
However, there have been two communities that have been affected by this and the things that are happening in Canada are going to be coming to the territory.
It's very dangerous and I'm very afraid that the people who are going to be trying to get drugs are going to be involved.
If you don't get those things, it's a lot easier, but the things that are happening are dangerous and I'm very glad that the RCMP is preparing for them.
Mr. Main: I thought I was done.
That's my final question.
In regard to the lack of housing in the communities in Nunavut, if you can clarify that for me.
According to the documents that we have provided, there have been nine additional RCMP officers. There have been nine or six communities in Nunavut that have been decentralized to various communities.
That's just a comment.
Moving on, Mr. Hickes, do you have a question?
In the $2.6 million that you're requesting, it talks about the interpreter / translators going to court. You stated that there were seven judges who had to get an interpreter.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. At this time no, there are a number of additional interpreters that are required to fill the positions. At this time, it was very important that we have trained interpreter / translators in the Department of Justice.
I'll leave it at that. In his statement he also talks about the need for new telephone systems to be maintained and maintained.
Now that we know that they're going to have to replace their existing telephone systems, will they be putting money aside for new equipment or will they be asking for additional funding once they know the number of RCMP members?
Yes, this is currently being planned by the department and we will be requesting the funding. That's what we're planning.
The finance ministers are going to be there for the public service and if the RCMP plans to pass the marijuana legislation, as my colleague has indicated, they're going to do some pilot projects, but there's nothing in the budget for marijuana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the other correctional facilities that the member is referring to, there is a full complement of staff at the Baffin Correctional Centre. How many staff do they have at the Baffin Correctional Centre?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Item 8.
Is that what he said eight?
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Now I would like to ask the question. The information that I have on the overtime is that it states that when the Baffin Correctional Centre is removed, it costs $180,000. Is that correct, Mr. Chairman?
Can the minister clarify that for me?
Through you, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that question.
Mr. MacKay: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The chief medical officer of health is a nurse. There are a lot of other staff that work there. If there is a bad weather, they have to stay there, so it's added to the overtime costs.
When there is a blizzard, they can't go home, so they have to go to work again. Is it twice the number of staff that are there when there is a blizzard?
Mr. MacKay, can you clarify that, please?
Yes, there are two cases where there is a blizzard. If there is a blizzard, then they are given to us right away, but there are two cases where the staff is there.
Mr. Lightstone.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice. The first one is that the RCMP has identified a need for housing for the next nine RCMP members.
When you get an RCMP officer, do they get housing on a case by case basis?
I am pleased to say that one of my staff, who was just playing a hockey game with one of the staff members, may be fine, but my deputy minister can't write a letter.
You have to have a whiskey.
My question is in regard to the nine RCMP officers who receive federal government housing.
As I stated earlier, we work with the RCMP on a contract basis.
I would like to clarify for the committee that 70 per cent of the RCMP costs are paid by the Government of Nunavut and 30 per cent is paid by the federal government.
The RCMP does receive a contract with the federal government. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm just wondering if the RCMP will be providing housing for all RCMP officers.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. When the RCMP sends their staff to the community, they have a specified number of years.
That's how they operate in a unique way and they don't keep their RCMP officers out on the land because they send them out.
They don't expect to get their own housing in most communities at all times, but they don't know how many RCMP officers they will need based on the availability of housing in the communities.
The RCMP has a unique system that they operate independently.
When they identify a need for an RCMP officer, they try to include all 25 communities as soon as possible. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It's unfortunate that the RCMP don't try to make the communities a part of it.
When the RCMP buys their own home, what kind of assistance do they provide?
Chairman: Thank you, Mr. Lightstone.
I don't think anyone should be asking that question here.
I don't think we have to expect them to get their own housing, so that's why they're provided with housing.
Mr. Akeeagok, if you want to comment on that, it's up to you.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you.
Those are very good comments, Mr. Chairman, and they are very good comments.
Yes, although the RCMP has only been in the community for three years, they do fundraising in the community.
If the RCMP wants to get a house, they have to apply to the federal government for housing.
It's not through our department. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question is in regard to the RCMP. What is the total value of the contract that you have with the RCMP?
Schedule 1. Page 5. $40,071,000.
If approved, it will be $42,671,000 for the contract. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that clarification.
For the third time, the Corrections Division is responsible for overtime and casual staffing.
Chairman: Mr. Lightstone, we're finally here. We haven't got there yet. Can you wait for your questions?
At this time we're asking questions on law enforcement. Are there any more questions on that?
Mr. Lightstone: Yes, the last one is for law enforcement.
In the minister's letter, he explained that the total amount of money was $40 million and the total amount of money spent by MLAs was $30 million, which is expected to increase to $42 million for escorts.
How is the $42 million expected to be spent by the end of the fiscal year?
Maybe I can ask the member if he can indicate which figures he's looking at.
If there is a figure, I would like to get some assistance. I believe I sent the letter on Friday and I believe it was $30 million, but if you can elaborate a little bit more.
The letter dated March 16 was addressed to the Chair of the Regular Members Caucus, which was provided to the Minister of Finance.
The letter that I'm referring to is on page 4 and it's on page 4 of 5 in total.
I would like to thank the member for his question. I see it in the document that we tabled.
The $30 million that has been budgeted for this year is $30 million and the plan is $42 million.
They have explained how they're going to spend the money and how much they're going to spend. The $2.6 million that we have requested is based on the RCMP numbers. That's what I wrote.
I'm looking at $2.6 million in Project 1 in the Legislative Assembly's substantiation sheet, which indicates that the RCMP is travelling with more sophisticated radio equipment that can't be used, and on top of that, it also says something about the history of the request.
The Legislative Assembly wants to improve the administration of the program. However, due to the unique circumstances of its operations, an additional $2.6 million is required to cover the cost of staff training for staff, training for staff, and departmental capacity issues.
It talks about $2.6 million for additional staff and casual employees salaries. At the same time, $2.6 million is mentioned that they now have more efficient radio stations.
Can you clarify that for me, Mr. Chairman?
Mr. Akeeagok, if you would like to clarify your question, it's up to you.
If you look at the breakdown that I mentioned earlier, there's another breakdown. Project 3, $2.6 million, has been added to the Corrections Division.
There are two separate items. It's $2.6 million, but it's separate.
The need for RCMP radio stations, the need for housing, the need for vehicles, and the number of incidents that have occurred in emergency situations. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I also thank Minister Akeeagok.
If we're talking about $2.6 million, what is the total amount of that? I don't understand it. Can you clarify that for me?
Chairman: Thank you, Ms. Towtongie.
On page 5 of our documents, we're dealing with law enforcement. $2.6 million.
Just below that, there's $2.6 million for corrections. We're not dealing with the total amount of inmates at this time. We're at $2.6 million for law enforcement.
Do you have a question?
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for clarifying that.
When I read the Inuktitut version, the English version of the budget is, in the Inuktitut version, it seems to be an estimate, but it seems to be an estimate in Inuktitut.
Can the minister clearly describe what this means in the main estimates or the main estimates for 2017-18?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The person on my left is talking about the budget of $40 million for law enforcement and $11 million for office buildings that have already been approved.
Right now we're still in 2017-18 and your estimates are expected to go a little over that amount. That's why we're trying to get legislative approval for supplementary appropriations for the Department of Justice.
A total of $6.2 million, of which $2.6 million will be allocated to the RCMP.
That's what we're requesting from the House. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was just confused because it seems like they're estimating in Inuktitut, although they're estimates.
I understand my question a little bit now, but I'm done.
We're on Law Enforcement. $2.6 million.
Next is the Total Registries and Court Services, $1 million.
Total Corrections. $2,600,000.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is in regard to corrections because every year they go over their budget, if memory serves me correct, they go over their budget and they go over their budget.
Is that correct?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is correct that the majority of the overtime will be paid out as well as casual employees.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If my memory serves me right now, the Corrections Division employs 12 hours a day. Is that correct?
Given that the current facility is full of staff and overtime, has the department considered three to eight hours of work, and would it not be possible to rectify that situation?
Through you, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that question.
The member is correct that they work 12 hours a day.
Those are the types of things that are put in place for two hours, 42 hours a week, and they're going to be overtime after 42 hours.
That was the result of the collective agreement. The overtime decreased from $4 million to $2.49 million now.
As a result, the Corrections Division's deficit was $4.5 million, at a rate of $2.6 million.
We're moving forward with the overtime and we will continue to do that.
I would like to remind you to turn your cellphones off and muzzle them.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Medical travel is only overtime and works 42 hours a week.
Do employees work 50 or 60 hours a week?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It's too detailed. We have to provide it to the House and we will provide it in a written form.
Our deputy minister can't respond to that question.
We don't have that information.
I don't think I know the level of detail that is required for the operation of the facility.
I would like to ask these questions.
And what kind of training do they receive?
Through you, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that question.
In response to the member's question, I believe the member is referring to the training and training component of the supplementary appropriation under the Corrections Division.
At this time we don't have any training programs.
We have a trainer who is a contractor and it's very expensive to pay for their overtime and they have to be replaced by someone else, so that's why there's an increase in their training costs.
We're also looking at other options to try to better plan the budget so that the staff at the correctional and court services can get better training so that we don't have more contractors.
Ms. Nakashuk.
I was curious to find out when the $2.6 million was announced and the staff training.
What kind of training will be provided to employees and casuals?
Both the Corrections Division and the Court Services Division provide training to casuals and staff.
The casual employees are hired on a contract basis, but they will be given a few weeks of training, but they do receive training for corrections officers, for example, on disputes with employees, on what to do.
Can the minister clarify what programs are currently being offered at the correctional centre or can I ask questions on this issue?
I don't know if they have that level of detail, Mr. Akeeagok.
Through you, Deputy Minister MacKay, I don't know what they do in the High Arctic. If you will allow him, I would like him to respond to that question.
Ms. MacKay.
I don't have the figures in front of me, but I can get back to the member on what kind of training is provided to inmates.
Depending on which of those low-risk inmates, including those at the Iqaluit International Airport, there are pre-vocational training courses that will allow them to work in the corrections system and to train them to work in the corrections system when they leave the facility.
Akausisarvik also has programs in place for each prisoner based on their needs, addictions counselling, and anger management, based on what inmates need and what they have been incarcerated for.
Even though they can't leave the correctional system, they do receive training so that they can get out of the correctional system so that they can get a job, but they usually graduate from high school and get a trade program in the corrections system.
In Rankin Inlet, they do provide support to inmates.
There are different programs that we offer.
Nakashuk: I'm done.
We're on page 5.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance.
Total Department. Not Previously Authorized. $6,200,000.
Go to page 6.
Department of Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Mr. Akeeagok, do you want to make a comment?
Hon. David Akeeagok: That was not a comment.
If it's okay with you, we will move on to another department. The witness is available to respond to questions. I would like to have the witnesses at the witness table before any questions are asked. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was going to give you an opportunity, but if you would like to take this opportunity, it's okay.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
Do you agree to bring in the witness?
Chairman: Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the other witness out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your new witness.
The new witness to my left is the Deputy Minister of the Department of Health, Colleen Inuujaq Stockley.
Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized. Total Directorate. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser: My mistake.
When it comes to medical travel, that's my next question.
Chairman: Thank you.
Are there any questions on the directorate?
I don't have too many questions, but when we're talking about elders homes in Nunavut, there are three facilities that will be funded by different elders.
Yesterday when I was asking questions about the feasibility of a preplanning study in Igloolik and Gjoa Haven, they're looking at expansion of their elders facilities.
At that time the minister wasn't aware of the number of beds that were going to be used for the study.
I'm just wondering if we can get an update on where we're at with the increase in the number of elders homes.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you for that question.
For this year, it's in the preplanning stage. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What is the current status of this preplanning exercise?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like the Deputy Minister of Health to respond to that because he is more knowledgeable about the capital estimates.
The Department of Health has already planned for last year's capital estimates for 2017-18.
I would like to ask the minister if this project can proceed with the expansion of the Igloolik facility.
Just to keep that in mind, after the general election, the government was likely going to have a new mandate to look at options for expanding the community of Igloolik.
That's not a long way off, but we're hopeful that we will be able to move forward once we know what the government's mandate is.
Just to conclude, when we talk about the use of government programs, which we identify as flawed in our infrastructure, I would like to emphasize that the department is responsible for the delivery of the government's Elders Care Program.
I look forward to the progress that is being made on the existing infrastructure and identifying opportunities within the territory for new infrastructure that is currently on the waiting list.
That's more of a comment.
I would like to follow up on my colleague's question regarding the operations of elders homes.
I would be interested to find out what the breakdown is of the $900,000.
Can the minister indicate which infrastructure will be allocated to each of these shelters?
The $900,000 is divided into three regions and the total amount is $300,000 each for the three elders.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'm just wondering if the minister has indicated that these units are under contract with a non-profit Nunavut organization.
How does the Department of Health communicate with the Department of Health if it's going to cost too much money?
The three communities that are operated by the government are not the government and they just recently issued new contracts and that's one of them.
If there is a need to increase or decrease, then the Department of Health and Social Services and the organizations meet with them.
When they have to come up with a solution, they work with each other.
They follow the rules of Canada and Nunavut.
It states in here that the three new homes that have just opened are in need of two and three higher-level residential care. A number of factors indicate that the majority of these homes are in need of care and aging.
Going back to the funding, do you anticipate that in the next few years, the costs will continue to increase or will there be a cap on the amount of money that we have now?
At the beginning of the contract, there were three cases where the Department of Family Services took care of them.
The Department of Health just took over the contract in April 2017.
What we did notice was that the Department of Health was not the same as the Department of Family Services. We looked at it from a clinical perspective, how many people are being looked after, and who is being looked after.
That was one of the recommendations that were made on the food basket.
When we looked at the contract, the elders facilities were not able to meet the needs.
That's why we had a deficit of $855,000 last year and we're requesting a budget of almost $900,000 right now.
If I'm wrong, please stop me from looking at the funding for mental health and addictions treatment across the territory.
At this time, we have people who have gone through trauma.
Is there any talk of putting money aside for mental health treatment?
We're here. We're just talking about additional funding for operations and maintenance. We're not talking about actual costs.
I don't think it's appropriate for this to be in the House or in any other way.
Do you have any more questions, Ms. Towtongie?
I thank the minister for that clarification.
With respect to the mental health contract for 2017-18, I believe it was $16 million, $16.7 million, and $6.2 million, what is the status of that contract?
That's my final question. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, we're at $5.9 million and that's part of the $43.1 million that the member is asking about.
The details of the $16 million and $10 million are there.
I would like to ask Deputy Minister Stockley to explain the details of the additional $10 million, if you can allow him to respond to that question.
It's very good to hear that Nunavummiut are asking for help and that's when you call your health centre and ask questions online.
The number of people seeking help is increasing and that's why there's an increase in the number of people going to the treatment centre.
I know they have mental health issues and addictions.
There are other costs that are outside the Department of Health. The Department of Family Services is responsible for the Department of Justice. There are a number of court appointments that go through the Department of Health and Social Services.
Before we proceed to the directorate, we will take a five-minute break.
> > Committee recessed at 18: 03 and resumed at 18: 10
I would like to call the committee meeting back to order.
Total Department. $43,100,000.
Within the territory's long-term care for elders, you have identified the current level of dementia care.
I think that's going to increase because we don't have a facility for dementia screening in Nunavut.
That's what I'm interested in.
Are they looking at the possibility of having a dementia screening facility in Nunavut?
That's one of the things that are happening right now, but it's not at the top level.
Those are the types of things that they're working on and they're larger than they are right now.
At the same time, outside of the territory, the last paragraph speaks to the out-of-territory hospital budget for the Department of Health.
I was kind of surprised to learn that the minister's letter, broken down by department, did not include anything within the budget to cover the over-expenditures.
Is the department going to be spending all of its money in this area?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. On page 6, the first one is $5.9 million that is not previously authorized for out-of-territory long-term care for elders within the Department of Health.
The Department of Health is requesting $5.9 million for the provision of care for elders. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question was more related to the Department of Health and Social Services deficit from other sources of funding.
Perhaps through you, if I make a mistake, Deputy Minister Stockley can correct me.
However, with respect to what items are not being used, I believe that was the question that I can respond to at this time with respect to the over-expenditures that have been incurred by the Department of Health and Social Services.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you for that clarification.
The money that is not spent within the department, then we transfer the money that is not spent within the department.
Right now we're trying to balance the budget. The surplus for the Department of Health is $49 million.
The letter that I just sent today will be translated today in English. It was sent on Friday and there is no substantiation sheet for the over-expenditures and over-expenditures. If you look at which ones are being planned.
That's a small amount and looking at the deficit that we're requesting through the supplementary appropriation. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appreciate that you mentioned the Schedule, but what I was trying to get at was in the letter that I received from the minister on page 4. It's broken down into different programs and funding.
Under the Department of Family Services, do they have any surplus funds that they can use?
Why is it that the Department of Health has not done that?
The Department of Health and Social Services did not have any indication of any surplus.
On page 5, it indicates that the Department of Health requires an additional $49 million. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Department of Health does not provide a breakdown of its programs.
I know the Department of Health has a surplus of over $1 million over the last few years.
Can the minister provide us with a breakdown of all of the Department of Health's programs that are surplus when it comes to over-expenditures?
You're asking for a lot of detailed information that may not be available at this time.
Minister Akoak.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for recognizing me.
We don't have that level of detail in front of us.
We will be able to table it at a later date. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'll move on to the elders centre, elders centre operations.
In the second bullet, it indicates that the current elders facilities are operated under a contract with a non-profit Nunavut organization.
I would just like to say that this is a very good program that is available to all Nunavummiut organizations.
I'm hoping that the contract will be awarded to as many people as possible.
Moving on to the next bullet on the next page, under the 24-hour care program, it states that the Department of Health provides 24-hour care, seven days a week, under the Department of Health's Extended Health Benefits Policy.
The elders have to be governed by this legislation, which is the lowest set of rules.
I would like to ask the Department of Health if they have reached the minimum standards for elders facilities.
I responded to that earlier.
There has been a new contract with the Department of Health and Social Services. This increase is due to the Department of Health's terms and conditions.
If there is a non-compliance issue, the interpreters and the Department of Health meet with each other to make sure that they're following the proper procedures.
Mr. Lightstone.
Can you clarify if these elders facilities have reached the minimum level of care that they need?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you.
As it is a new contract, we have increased it by $900,000 to $5.9 million.
It has been explained to the three organizations that they're going to try to keep up with the level of care that they're supposed to provide, but they're not really up to the level of care that they need for elders.
As the minister indicated, they're trying to catch up on it. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you.
I'm getting a bit quiet now.
In regard to medical travel, they're asking for $50 million and I have brought this up many times in the House about medical travel patients who don't have an appointment, especially in my constituency, who have to go to Winnipeg, and then they find out that they don't have an appointment.
Does the Department of Health have a list of patients who were sent out of Winnipeg before they arrived and are not informed of their appointments, and does the Department of Health have a list of what the costs were for those patients who were denied an appointment, including travel, accommodation, and accommodation costs? Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Minister of Health has committed to reviewing all medical travel clients, including those who have not been seen or who have changed their appointments.
That's one of the things that the government is looking at seriously. We're going to be looking at ways to find out who is doing the wrong thing.
Our MLAs have been asking questions about it and they have seen it. We would like to include that in our review.
I would like to thank the member for raising that issue and we can look into it together.
That will be part of the review and there are patients who don't have an appointment. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to the review report.
At this time, there was $5.5 million for tuberculosis in Qikiqtarjuaq and I believe it was on February 26 that the federal government made a significant amount of money for Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami. I believe it was $82 million and $80 million was set aside for tuberculosis research.
Has the government or the Department of Health made a proposal or has ITK been able to help us out with the funding that was given to us? Has the government discussed this issue with the federal government to see if they can take part in the funding for tuberculosis?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you.
That's a very good question.
At this time the federal government has announced that the 2018-19 budget will be included in the funding for Inuit specific initiatives related to tuberculosis, yet it states that ITK will be allocated funding over the next five years to engage Inuit Nunangat.
At this time, it states that the working group is a committee comprised of representatives from Inuit Nunangat and the Department of Health is a member of that committee.
As the Minister of Finance, I haven't seen the details yet.
I look forward to seeing the details. If Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami is doing a good job and they understand us, the Department of Health and Social Services is working very hard.
That's how it is.
We will be hearing more about the details and we will be kept informed by the ministers. That's a very good question.
I would like to ask again about the issue of medical travel.
It states here that medical travel is out of control, such as interest rates and contract increases.
Does the Department of Health understand why the cost of living is increasing?
5.6 per cent is expected to increase each year, so what accounts for the increase in costs?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. Stockley, to respond to that question.
Medical travel and emergency medical travel are on the rise each year.
There are more and more people going on medical travel as well, so that's a good thing that they're getting diagnosed very quickly and then they're sent out.
Tuberculosis is one of the highest rates in Canada and it's one of the lowest vaccination rates in Canada. That's one of the reasons why it's so hot.
I'll use an example.
About 60 medevacs were required to go to the health centre in December.
The number of medevacs is increasing every week, but at this time of the year in the spring, there are people who suffer from lung and respiratory problems.
The combined costs of medical travel and emergency medical travel have all increased.
Mr. Chairman, I'm not going to get into the details, but I'm just trying to find out what the reasons are for the increase.
Is the health of our population in Nunavut going to be a good thing?
Can I get a little bit of an explanation or is my question too broad, are we catching up or are we getting away with the number of sick people?
I would like Deputy Minister Stockley to respond to that.
It's unfortunate that the national health care system in Nunavut has the highest proportion of people living in overcrowded homes. It's a serious health issue and we have made progress, but we're hopeful that we will be able to alleviate the housing shortage in Nunavut.
We have also added an addition to the marshalling room at the Qikiqtani General Hospital.
We try to reduce the amount of medical travel.
We're moving forward.
The other regions, such as telehealth, will now be used in the three regions.
You will hear more and more about the proposed budget.
I thank the minister for that response.
I look forward to the review of the main estimates for this department.
Based on the mental health over-expenditures of $10.5 million, the other one heard that it's ongoing, but it's very important.
When I look at the substantiation sheet, it doesn't say what the reason is for the increase of $10.5 million.
What is the reason for the increase in mental health?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Both assessment and mental health.
During the Fourth Legislative Assembly, the issue of suicide was raised as an urgent matter for the government to take action.
We're going to continue to promote that. We don't have the training to make sure that the diagnoses are done by a doctor.
It's going to change our population and I encourage all members to continue to table this information in the Legislative Assembly to the public.
My last question is in regard to mental health and addictions, how many services do we provide to people who are in care outside of the territory for mental health?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 64.
How is 64 more, or less, how does that change in the past?
We don't have that level of detail in front of us, but it's increasing and if the member wants that information, we will be able to provide it to him, perhaps during the main estimates process.
Moving on to another topic, Qikiqtarjuaq's tuberculosis research project, which I'm sure all of us agree is very encouraging to hear.
Will the equipment and equipment remain in the hands of the Department of Health? Will it be used to do inspections in other communities or is it too small and will the equipment remain in the community?
Through you, I'll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that question.
Will the property assessments be covered under the capital estimates?
I'm lost.
It's under the capital estimates. Can you clarify that for me?
Through you, I would like Deputy Minister Stockley to respond to that question.
The bulk of the assets came from the federal government.
The funding that we received from the federal government, such as washrooms, towels, bandages, beds, and all the other things that the Department of Health does is go through the normal process.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question, and I'm sure it's my last one.
In regard to the Department of Health and Social Services recruitment and retention of agency nurses, the department has been very successful in reducing the number of agency nurses.
I would like to ask, for the record, what changes have been made to the amount of money that has been spent in previous years?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Instead of using agency nurses, we have been able to recruit more nurses from Nunavut.
From last year to today, we have been using more indeterminate nurses.
That's my final question.
If I could get the breakdown of the $8.6 million, I would appreciate it.
Broken down, for the 2017-18 fiscal year, indeterminate employees were short of $52.5 million, casual employees budgets exceeded $45.3 million in overtime, waiting lists were $15.7 million, and agency nurses exceeded $0.1 million, a total of more than $8.6 million.
I just have one question to add to the breakdown of what you're talking about, but I'm going to add to Mr. Main's question.
I'm not going to get into the details.
If there is a nurse in Sanikiluaq who is in a state of emergency at night, when there is a medical evacuation, it has to be overtime. I know the staff have to be overtime.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. All the nurses are over budget.
I know the minister has responded today to what the department is doing to recruit nurses.
I'll leave that alone for now.
I would just like to say that when we look at the budgets of the Department of Health, the staff, the doctors, the contracts for mental health, medical travel, and medical travel, it's always shown in the supplementary appropriations that are put forward every year.
The figure for mental health and addictions is a significant change from last year's $6.8 million to $7.8 million increase last year.
In my earlier statement about the budget process, the Minister of Finance indicated that there haven't been any changes at this time, but I believe that there needs to be real changes because we're always going back and forth and getting approval for supplementary appropriations.
Let's make sure that you're aware that you're going to have to go over budget and that the main estimates are put in place so that you don't have to come up with the amount that you need to spend and not just add to the budget.
That's just a comment, but I would like to hear from the minister on that comment.
That's exactly what I'm thinking. That's one of the things that we're looking at seriously. The Fifth Assembly has been considering these issues and we've had discussions with some departments, the Department of Health and Social Services, and the Department of Justice, and they're always coming back for supplementary appropriations.
I'm very pleased to be here today to discuss this in the main estimates and I'm working very closely with my cabinet colleagues.
I'm responding to some of the health issues. Since I have been the minister, the Department of Health has always been referred to as the Department of Health. It's a very sensitive department.
That's one of the things that we really need to do to make sure that the main estimates are accurate and correct, and it's clear that we need to restructure them and not change the budget process. We need to recognize that we need to move forward on these issues.
We will have to go through the legislative assembly to make those changes.
One of our colleagues in the Regular Members Caucus made a very perceptive statement.
I also believe that we have to work very closely together as MLAs because we really need it.
For 2017-18 we're going over budget and some of the challenges that we're facing, I would like to work very closely with the Premier and our elected officials. Although we're not supposed to be here, if we know how much money the departments have spent, we shouldn't be coming back to the House because we should know what our budget is.
I just wanted to make that comment and I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to make that comment.
Chairman: Thank you.
I appreciate the minister recognizing that there needs to be an amendment.
I just wanted to reiterate, as he stated, that the Department of Justice is always coming to the witness table. The overtime for nurses and other MLAs is going back and forth. The additional funding for overtime is something that I have talked about and I will be bringing it up over the next three and a half years.
Again, I think it's important to recognize that the Minister of Human Resources is responsible for ensuring that the government is able to fulfill its mandate.
If we're going to move forward with the development of our existing positions within our organization, and if we're going to fill those positions where there are weaknesses, Mr. Main talked about how difficult it is to fill positions within the government that are tired and sick of some of our employees, then we have to take a step back and look at how we can move forward with our government to fill those positions where our strengths and weaknesses are, and where we're not just trying to catch up.
With respect to overtime, I would like to find out more and move forward on where the priorities are and what initiatives we're going to be looking forward to.
It's just a comment.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have one question. With respect to mental health and addictions contracts, in the fourth bullet, it states that the Department of Justice is responsible for paying for medical travel. Is that included in the $10.5 million?
I'll try to make it short. Yes, they are part of it.
Mr. Lightstone, do you have any more questions?
My final question is in regard to Mr. Main and Mr. Hickes questions.
The last part of that is the health centre staff deficit of $8.6 million. Just to clarify, you're talking about $143 million to $151 million to $8.6 million.
Is that for all the compensation and benefits for the department?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yes, those are compensation and benefits.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Is the $151 million 100 per cent accurate?
That's a $25 million increase in salaries.
I don't think any money has ever been at 100 per cent.
As I stated earlier, we're requesting $8.6 million in our estimates for compensation and benefits. I believe that's the closest we can get.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It's not 100 per cent accurate in our financial statements. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It's a long time coming and there's a lot of documentation.
Moving on to the minister's opening comments on page 4, there is $63.8 million for medical travel starting in 2017-18.
I'm just wondering why the money was allocated in the 2016-17 fiscal year.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I don't have the information in front of me.
If you want, I can get it. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lightstone, we're trying to deal with 2016-17, not 2017-18.
I'll keep in mind that I'll leave it at that for 2016-17.
I was asking about the medical travel budget last year. I would like to know what the department's budget will be for 2018-19.
For 2017-18 he doesn't expect it to be next year. Mr. Akeeagok may not have the figures in front of him, but Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I believe it's too early in May for the main estimates for 2018-19.
We have a vote on the interim appropriation for 2017-18. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to reiterate that there are some issues within our budget framework that the minister has provided. There are a lot of different issues with the actual expenditures that have been done every year, but I would expect that it will be in place in the next fiscal year, so I will be making a formal request for the Department of Health's O & M budget.
I don't want to see the supplementary appropriation every year in the House.
I would like to get into the details of the department's operations and maintenance.
That's more of a comment.
Chairman: Mr. Qirngnuq, do you have a question?
Mr. Qirngnuq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to ask a question in regard to medical travel. For clarity in English, the third bullet for medical travel for April has increased from last year. Can the minister clarify what the status of this issue is?
The member is referring to the fact that medical travel has been increased by the number of people who have been sick and the number of pregnant women who have been pregnant has increased.
However, the medical travel costs are increasing.
Mr. Mikkungwak, do you have a question?
I'm sorry, I thought you had your hand up.
We're on Health. Operations and Maintenance.
We're done with $43,100,000. If you go to the bottom of the page, the total department is $49 million.
Not Previously Authorized.
Go back to page 2. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18 No. 3. Schedule 1. Operations and Maintenance Appropriation. $56,602,000.
Go to Bill 3 in your legislation binder.
I'm sorry, let me go back.
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018.
Chairman: Go to Schedule on page 2. Schedule. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18. Vote 1. Operations and Maintenance. $56,602,000. Agreed?
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman: Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman: Members, do you agree to Bill 3 as a whole?
Chairman: Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 3 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the questions that were asked during the budget process for the upcoming fiscal year and the hard work that our staff put into putting together the best estimates that are available to us.
With that, we will be able to make some changes to the budget.
Before we go to the next bill, I would like to ask the minister to release the bill.
I also thank the member for his good work and he will now be able to stand up.
Chairman: Thank you. Did you want another witness in?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witness out.
We will proceed to Bill 4.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed with your opening comments.
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appear before you today to present Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-2018, No. 4.
Through this bill, the government is requesting an additional $96,000 for 2017-18.
This supplementary appropriation will provide the Department of Community and Government Services with a non-cash contribution of $96,000 during the interest rate adjustment negotiations, a negotiated loan to the Nunavut Construction Corp. for the Legislative Assembly building, and nine GN office buildings across the territory.
I would be pleased to answer any questions or comments you may have.
Are there any general comments on the minister's opening comments?
This is the first time I have been involved in this, so I would like to understand why we have to do that.
Is the Department of Community and Government Services unable to find its own capital budget?
We have to make sure that the financial statements are made in order to make sure that they are transparent to the public.
There wouldn't be any money until the interest rate has been paid out. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-2018. No. 4. Community and Government Services. Not Previously Authorized. Total Community Programs. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to page 2.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-2018. No. 4. Schedule 1. Capital. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to Bill 4 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018. Clause 1. Do you agree?
Chairman: Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman: Go to Schedule on page 2.
Schedule. Supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Fiscal Year Ending 2018. Vote 2.
Capital. $96,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman: Do members agree to Bill 4 as a whole?
Chairman: Do members agree, pursuant to Rule 62 (2), that Bill 4 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
On behalf of the Auditor General of Canada and our Auditor General of Canada, I thank you all for approving this non-cash item.
Chairman: Thank you.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
We have concluded the Committee of the Whole. I now recognize the clock and would like to report progress to the Speaker.
Speaker: Going to the orders of the day.
Mr. Rumbolt.
Mr. Speaker, your committee has been considering Bills 2, 3, and 4 and would like to report that Bills 2, 3, and 4 are immediately ready for third reading.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the Report of the Committee of the Whole be agreed to.
Thank you, Mr. Main.
All those in favour, raise your hand.
Item 21.
Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Bill 02 - Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 - Third Reading
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Aggu, that Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018, be read for the third time.
To the motion.
Speaker: All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
The motion is carried and Bill 2 is ready for assent.
Third Reading of Bills.
Bill 03 - Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 - Third Reading
I have a seconder.
It has been a long day.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, that Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018, be read for the third time.
The motion is carried and Bill 3 is ready for assent.
Item 21. Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Bill 04 - Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 - Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet South, that Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018, be read for the third time. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Speaker: All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Thank you. The motion is carried and Bill 4 is ready for assent.
Mr. Clerk, will you determine if the Commissioner of Nunavut is prepared to enter the Chamber to give assent to bills.
Assent to Bills
Commissioner Nellie Kusugak: Members of the Legislative Assembly, please be seated.
Welcome.
As Commissioner of Nunavut, I am pleased to give assent to the following bills:
Bill 1, Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 2, 2018-2019;
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018;
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018; and
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
It has been a few months since I took the oath of office to serve as a Member of the Legislative Assembly.
Since that time, you have been working hard to get new jobs that represent Nunavut and Nunavummiut.
Tomorrow is June 20 and we expect that it will be a good day and it will be a good day.
As such, I hereby prorogue the First Session of the Fifth Legislative Assembly and summon all members to meet again tomorrow at 1: 30 p.m. for the opening of the Second Session.
Speaker: Before we go to Item 22, I have a statement to make.
As the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Chair of the Order of Nunavut Advisory Council, I am very proud to take this opportunity to announce this year's recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
On January 1, 2010, the Order of Nunavut Act came into force.
The intent of the bill is to recognize individuals who have made outstanding contributions to Nunavut and our communities.
The Order of Nunavut is the highest honour of all recipients, medals or medals conferred by the Government of Nunavut.
To date, there have been 15 recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
They have been recognized for their hard work and dedication to a wide range of areas, including public service announcements, education, language promotion, various leadership roles, and economic development.
I am very proud to announce two recipients of this year's recipients of the Order of Nunavut, Ms. Vardy Brewster and Mr. Ludy Pudluk.
I am very pleased that we are able to join Pudluk in the House today.
Welcome, Mr. Pudluk.
As you and my colleagues are aware, Vardy Brewster is no stranger to being an interpreter for many years.
In 2016 she was recognized for her hard work and dedication in her work with the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit to receive a language award.
Mr. Pudluk served as a member of the legislative assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of service, Mr. Pudluk represented the High Arctic communities and played a key role in the creation of Nunavut.
I am pleased to announce that we will be working on the investiture ceremony for Ms. Brewster and Mr. Pudluk during the spring 2018 sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
The investiture ceremony will be held here in the Legislative Assembly and will be broadcast across the territory on television.
Congratulations to Commissioner Nellie Kusugak, who will be the recipient of the Order of Nunavut, and I look forward to inviting all members of the Legislative Assembly to join me on this exciting day.
We will now go back to the orders of the day.
Item 22. Orders of the Day.
Orders of the Day for March 20:
Opening Address
This House stands adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, at 1: 30 p.m.
> > Committee of the Whole adjourned at 19: 25
Hon. David Akeeagok
Hon. Patterk Angnakak
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for Seniors Advocate; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak
Minister of Justice; Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation; Minister responsible for the Status of Women; Minister of Human Resources
George Hickes
Hon. David Joanasie
Minister of Culture and Heritage; Minister of Education; Minister of Languages; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Joelie Qaunaq
Malla Kamingoak
Hon. Lorne Kusugak
Minister of Community and Government Services; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Adam Lightstone
Arluk Main
(Arviat North-Whale Cove)
Simeon Mikkungwak
Margaret Nakashuk
Patterk Netser
Emiliano Qirngnuq
(Netsilik)
Hon. Paul Quassa
Deputy Premier; Minister of Family Services; Minister responsible for Homelessness; Minister responsible for Immigration
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik
Government House Leader; Minister of Economic Development and Transportation; Minister of Energy; Minister of Environment
Qanurli Towtongie
Image caption The bishop visits church in Nunavut
"The whole of the Arctic right now is tied to what is happening tonight"
"Ratti Howard Brown, the Rev. Evangelical from Florida, leads in Iqaluit on Aug. 27."
(Photo by Thomas Rohner)
By Thomas Rohner Special to Nunatsiaq News
"The spiritual leader of Evangelical Christianity is better known for its actions, climate change, and its economy that the world will eradicate from the Crusaders who do not believe in Christianity came to Iqaluit's church on Aug. 27."
"Ratti How-Brown, a South Africa resident who moved to the United States, told attendees in the Tampa Bay area last year that the world's poorest people were honouring the doctor and drinking the blood of the individual."
It took more than an hour at the Iqaluit church to reach more than 100 people.
But their information is not for the public.
"The whole of the Arctic right now is tied to what is happening tonight.
"If you want the light (in the air), please stand here (in the church's table), or you can get out."
"It's up to you," How-Brown said after two and a half hours of hard work. "
About 50 people attended the event.
"I didn't fly thousands of miles to play.
"I didn't come here to enjoy it, and I didn't come here to ask for consent from you... please remember: when Jesus was alive and died, he asked me to leave the room with people." "
"The turnout was higher among Inuit and infants, youth and elders."
"Within the church's Christian Bowler church near Iqaluit's Ruth Nov., children marched between chairs."
"On the outside, the church and the Massachusetts face each other on both sides of the parking lot, while they face each other in the face of Ted Doug Lake."
"Huge Brown's teachings were part of an organized event organized by the Bill Franklin Evangelical Association's Arctic Hope Project, based in Ottawa."
The organization did not respond to Nunatsiaq News during its initial hearing on the issue.
"The Evangelical experience, which is 119 for 300 people to attend a community event, began after an hour of events."
"First of all, the Iqaluit church choir started the evening in Iqaluit after Evangelical Reverend Louie Arreak, who helped create the Christian Bowler church."
"Erik Gonzalez, a fellow priest at the Howard Brown Ribbon Church in Indonesia, spoke for 40 minutes about the president."
"Louie Arreak, Iqaluit's Evangelical and singer, sang a song by Ernie How-Brown before he spoke."
(Photo courtesy of Ribbard Minister International)
"God loves the people who give him so much"
Ryan asks attendees to submit their email address to the registries and to follow the Hub Brownback Instagram.
He handed out the purchase permits for the How-Brown Okpik sale.
"And he released How-Brown's book, the Klengenberg Plan, which he said refers to the experiences of troubled economies over the past 200 years."
"" This refers to a dislike of Christ, which is exactly what he is referring to, "Ryan said."
Ryan is now filming an 18-foot documentary about the evangelical nature of the past.
"At the end of the video, How-Brown prayed that those who donate money to the church would receive God's help for the soul of the church's protection."
"" God loves a generous man, "How-Brown said in his video."
Gonna honour her parents at the end of the video.
"" One is a closet and one is a collection and we are together to celebrate the fruits, so if you put a cloth in there, it goes to your church's account. "
That's amazing. "
"He then handed out the bags to be installed and told these people that they can do what they can" to get the best gift for the soul, "either financially, or financially for RMI Canada, using a credit card or a cell phone."
"" I keep telling people, don't let the biggest wage go to Sony or the new phone... let them use the church for promotion and spiritual reconciliation. "
Is that correct? "
Many people filled out and picked up the bag and poured it into a blue plastic bag.
Some people just look at other people and hold the bag.
One woman is an Inuk who has no milk and put it in her food basket.
This is to help poor countries in many ways: more than half of Nunavut's population is on income assistance, despite food security and housing shortages.
"How-Brown did not respond to an interview with Nunatsiaq News, so it's hard to know how much he made."
Their income is not kept secret by anyone but their website says it trains 158 communities.
It also says that people who want to participate in the airline subsidy program can get an income tax deduction.
Ryan told attendees to put their hands up and hold their donations to the Ribbon Church.
"" Father, we thank you for this gift, and we thank you for being the representative of your soul, let's go to our bank account, "Ryan said."
Three to one Wood Cree was filled with food.
Ratti Howard Brown tells the woman that they would touch her hand above her.
Rev. Patterk Netser calls him a friend
"The Reverend Evangelical is already based in Nunavut, with escorts in most communities."
"The round-table meetings are held each year and, between the 21st century, they have been increasing each year."
"One of the participants in these conferences, Roger Armstrong, told Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that these conferences are a big voice for people whose lives have been damaged by violence and abuse."
But How-Brown's vision of spending more and more drama may be new to Nunavut.
"Patterk Netser, a long-time defender of Christianity and now Nunavut's minister of housing and Nunavut Arctic College, has called Huw-Brown what he calls" Askimo's friend "and has told him that climate change is completely untrue."
"Netser didn't want to be interviewed by Nunatsiaq News but he said," Rynie is my friend and we talk to each other. ""
"When asked to respond to How-Brown on numerous occasions in the face of media controversy, I have also suggested that the U.S. Supreme Court should be shot in the face of the U.S. Constitution as unacceptable, Netser said," I don't care about the history of the United States. "
My main concern is for my people and Nunavummiut. "
"Ratti Howard Brown, the Rev. Evangelical from Florida, leads Iqaluit on Aug. 27. (Photo by Thomas Rohner)"
"Tonight will be a light on the sea ice"
"After an hour of action, How-Brown - a dreamer - turned to the priest's table."
"" Tonight is a light on the sea ice, "the priest said of more than 100 people, most of whom are Inuit, at different ages."
"" If you don't want the light, just run to the door while you can. ""
"In an hour, How-Brown's voice becomes loud and quiet."
He stops talking about what is going to happen and he calls for action, and he makes funny statements.
"" I know I don't feel like I'm from Africa, so my parents kept me in the door, never let me out, "she said of the laughter."
"Moses was the first person in the office (Dallas).
The first one broke down and he had to go back and pick up another one.
And Adamie and Evi were the first ones in the snow sculpin. "
"How-Brown became well known, for the most part, for mourning meetings where attendees would laugh at each other."
"His granddaughter was admitted to an insurrection at the age of two, laughing for 12 minutes," Huff-Brown said. "
How-Brown has complained many times about other Evangelicals who believe in the world.
Huge Brown has responded to those who say he's not satisfied with the brethren and that he's going to put them in a dangerous situation.
"Arreak, a Iqaluit Evangelical and a singer who helped out with this situation, laughed at members of the family when he was ordained."
"" This is not a funeral, why are people so sad? ""
How-Brown said.
Arreak is laughing.
"We are serving Jesus and he is alive."
Arreak is laughing out loud.
"" I like this priest, "said Arreak, whose laughter is getting louder."
How-Brown is laughing while others are laughing a little bit.
"I'm very happy.
"Be happy to get in the water, out of the water forever." "
Arreak laughed at him when he fell off the roof of the house.
"This is real.
No one will be arrested this evening. "
"Arreak, who told Nunatsiaq News that he didn't want to speak to the media, laughed again."
"How-Brown also spoke in plain language, saying the language was understood in the Indigenous language of the Barbara New Guardian diocese."
Mam-Gar-R-P-B-T.
"Ranne-Pan-Gotta," she said. "
Ratti How-Brown is inviting guests to the church's table to take the light out of the building.
Some people are not laughing
But many of How-Brown's teachings are not funny or funny.
There were corpses of people who had gone out before he was ordained.
"Without touching the audience, How-Brown complained to two people before they left."
"Where do you go to Porter?
Is that correct?
Ha!
Are you leaving? "
How-Brown says one man has no voice when he leaves the church.
"" After they come in, they take pictures and get out on the phone? "
Are you a reporter for the daily news here? "
The audience is laughing.
"" I don't know what it would be like to go and take it and get it back... find out if it's money and why it's taking pictures and why it's going out, "she said to one of her staff."
"After he asked the diocese to take over the role of the diocese, How-Brown suddenly grabbed the two women in the chair because he didn't like their vision."
"Have you been alive again?
"What are you, Jehova Bychok?" "
The audience is laughing.
"I have never seen people sitting across the border that can't change.
"So you can jump through the hoops with someone else, or maybe you're better off than someone else." "
The two women stood up and went out.
"I'm just trying to ask.
"I do that, it's my job."
I know what the individual's physical condition is.
You don't always get anything for me.
It's not a laughing matter.
The whole of the Arctic right now is tied to what is happening tonight. "
The event staff are telling attendees not to take pictures and not to record them.
"However, they took pictures of the whole event."
Even for people who run to tears when How-Brown touches them and they take pictures close to them.
"The pictures from the Ribbon Church's website show a number of people who attended the event at a time when they were no longer alive - their faces are visible, not frozen, their mouths are closed, or they are just on the floor."
A woman who touched her hand on the floor is crying under the thin layer of the bottom.
"In front of them, Howard Brown and his staff are going to have an impact on Inuit couples."
This event was intended for St. Jude's Cathedral
"This event was originally intended to be held at St. Jude's Anglican Cathedral in Iqaluit, but it was changed."
"This change was made by the guests of How-Brown, the secretary of the St. Jude's Council said."
"David Parsons, the Anglican bishop of the Arctic, said he didn't know that How-Brown would be ordained in St. Jude's Cathedral."
"If he had known, he said he would have stopped it because How-Brown was too much."
"As a result, the community's Anglican diocese did not meet its requirements for consent to the Bishop's event, Parsons said."
"The Anglican Church's role is to show respect, and to deal with other faiths, Parsons said."
"" But there is good faith in each other, and there is no way to deal with issues that would not fit the religion and the people who go to church there. ""
How-Brown's mandate calls for a different approach.
"I'm not here to fight for their religious beliefs.
"If Christianity were to do something in the Arctic, it would have been done in the Arctic," she said to attendees. "
"I don't come for an invitation.
"As for the need... if you have a good light, you don't have to have a warm welcome." "
"Without a good turnout, Canada is quietly launching a new Arctic policy document"
Liberals say the new policy represents a "huge change in direction"
"A lot of Rawls grow in Bathurst Inlet, Nunavut."
"On the eve of the federal election announcement, the Liberal government released a long-awaited northern policy framework."
(File photo)
By Jim Bell
"A day before the national election campaign began, the Liberal government, with little or no presence, launched a long-awaited northern and northern policy framework on September 10."
"This letter, which marks the first step in the continuation of the event, will replace Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper's 2009 Arctic Strategy and Harper's government's 2010 statement on Canada's Arctic foreign policy."
This is intended to guide federal policy in the Arctic up to 2030 - but there is no implementation plan or political strategy for future action.
"Those are the things that will be done in the second phase, the strategy said."
"Despite all this, the initiative by Carolyn Bennett, the minister of Crown-Indigenous Affairs and Northern Development, said the policy document represents" a significant change in the direction of the federal government. ""
The introduction of this policy is lagging behind what was expected.
"This winter, Bennett said the policy will be released in June."
CBC reported earlier this month that a news conference in Yellowknife in August was cancelled.
"In the Liberal Party there are eight" targets, "which include targets, and 10" principles. ""
"They discuss a wide range of policy issues, including community and regional economic development, infrastructure, Indigenous rights, environmental protection, national security and foreign policy."
"When Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, on December 20, 2016, announced that his government wants to develop new policies, he promised" a cooperative approach "to Arctic governments and Indigenous organizations."
"As a result, more than 25 Indigenous organizations, including the Government of Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, Yukon, Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador, became involved in the reconciliation process."
"" In partnership with Canada's Arctic and Arctic policy framework, our partners helped us understand and raise awareness of the unique rights and opportunities of different regions, responsibilities and land rights across the Arctic, "Bennett said in a release."
"And some of the partners wrote their actions, which are published in a separate policy document."
Some comments don't mention federal policy
"For example, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, the Government of Nunavut, the Government of the Northwest Territories and the three territorial governments have shared their own personal language."
But there is something going on.
These documents submitted to the tribunal may not represent federal policy.
This is a sign that the federal government may run into roadblocks that would be accepted by more than 31 parties.
"" While the terms of reference are part of the process, they are not clear on the views of the federal government or other partners, "the transition document said."
The letter also states that the approval process was difficult.
"" The ideas, goals and objectives and objectives of the meeting reflect a wide range of ideas and ideas. "
This means that there are periodic agreements with the federal government and Indigenous parties to get approval. "
You can find a link to the Arctic policy that I'm showing here.
8 goals
"These are the eight goals of the strategy, which show the federal government's commitment."
"• a strong, sustainable, diversified and sustainable community and regional economy."
• Make Canada's Arctic and Arctic Indigenous peoples sustainable and healthy.
• Canada's Arctic and Arctic regions ensure that Inuit are safe and protected.
• A stronger business environment that can be adapted to other parts of Canada.
• Legislation based in the Arctic provides a useful tool for new technologies and opportunities.
• Knowledge and understanding of the guiding principles of decision-making.
• Canada's Arctic and Arctic survival is healthy and sustainable.
• Piliriqatigiinniq is a way to encourage and rebuild trust among Indigenous and non-Indigenous Inuit.
These goals begin with a wide range of "initiatives" that have been redefined.
Ten principles
"In addition to fulfilling these goals and objectives, the policy document outlines principles under which, and I quote," will continue to guide the implementation of the program ": "
"• Decisions on the Arctic will be made through cooperation and engagement with the Arctic, on the basis of rights, needs and interests of the Arctic."
"• The rights and positions of the federal government, provincial, Indigenous and municipal governments will be respected."
"• Development must be sustainable and spiritual, social, cultural, economic and environmental considerations."
"• The integration of Indigenous peoples on an ongoing basis, using the work of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission as a starting point, would be a success."
"While climate change is a serious issue in this land, action will be taken on a wide range of stakeholders, including the impact on Indigenous peoples, who depend on the land and wildlife for their cultural, economic and food security."
"• Policy and programming will identify diversity and equality, and use resources such as the Gender / Transgender Survey (G.W.T.) to address the potential impacts of multiple groups."
"• This will be a framework that takes into account a wide range of principles such as rights, interests and circumstances for Inuit, Arctic Indigenous peoples and Métis peoples to be respected, explained and implemented."
"• The Government of Canada recognizes the Inuit, Indigenous and Métis Indigenous peoples of Canada, in a way that, in many respects, recognizes the rights of communities, with their own history, including the federal government."
"• Working together based on rights, respect, collaboration that must reflect the needs, priorities and circumstances of each individual person."
"• All organizations, from individuals to universities and colleges, as well as non-profit organizations, community organizations and individuals across Canada, have a big role to play in building a stronger Canadian Arctic."
Nunavut Conservative candidate denounces carbon tax as a way to raise costs "for everything"
Leona Aglukkaq talks about her campaign strategy for Nunavut
"Leona Aglukkaq, the Nunavut Conservative candidate, shows Tallurutiup President Andrew Sincerely at Iqaluit's Sylvia Grinnel National Park during his visit to the city on June 19."
(Photo by Emma Tranter)
By Emma Tranter
"A Nunavut Conservative candidate says that if the Conservative party were to become a government, they would eliminate the carbon tax because it" raises costs for everything. ""
Leona Aglukkaq began her campaign in Nunavut's communities.
Nunavut's legislative assembly began its campaign in Iqaluit at a special event held on September 12 at the Frobisher Inn.
He later flew to Rankin Inlet the next day before returning to Iqaluit next week.
Nunatsiaq News had an opportunity to speak with Aglukkaq while she was in Iqaluit.
"The carbon tax" raises air prices, goods, transport, hunting and home ownership, "says Aglukkaq's campaign poster."
Aglukkaq also told Nunatsiaq News that the lake has a negative impact on daycares and elders homes by raising the heating system.
"All products are affected by this carbon tax."
Ms. Aglukkaq said.
"The carbon tax when we can't afford to pay it is like the brain's house can't tell you the opposite."
"But George Hickes, Nunavut's finance minister, announced in May that under an agreement in Ottawa, electricity and aviation fuel in Nunavut now belong to the tax system was exempt."
The Government of Nunavut and the Government of Nunavut contribute half of the carbon tax to Nunavut.
"Aglukkaq's campaign for Nunavut has four priorities: affordable housing, mental health and job creation."
"How can we as a government and the private sector and the Government of Nunavut work together to address the enormous need for housing across the Arctic?"
"The priority of Aglukkaq's campaign is to develop a strategy that will include housing needs, elders" housing and disability housing. "
"The federal and territorial governments must also consider ways to promote homeownership, she said."
Aglukkaq also said the creation of a northern facility and mental health education for Nunavummiut.
"" Nunavut is a vast area with a great coastline in Canada and we are still left with the necessary marine infrastructure in our communities, so we have to take into account big projects like this in the Arctic, "she said."
"" We must address the need for housing, training Nunavummiut for mental health services so that we can help our communities. ""
"When asked if it would affect the federal government's Nutrition North program, Aglukkaq said the carbon tax has raised food prices through increased airfares."
"When asked if he thought this process would work, and if not, what he would do other than the carbon tax, he said he would talk to the Nutrition North Advisory Board."
"He said that if the TI became a government, the board would always be there."
"It's very important to have people in the Arctic who can tell the government how to improve the program.
This is not a good program.
Not everything is perfect in the world.
But there needs to be a subsidy for Arctic food. "
"Aglukkaq didn't want to be specific about what to say about Nutrition North, but she said there needs to be a subsidy for food and that" elimination "would not help."
"Most recently, research published in the Canadian Medical Association's Journal found that food is far more difficult in Nunavut under the Nutrition North Canada Program, under the terms of the Canadian Community Health Survey."
"Aglukkaq said her experience as minister of the environment would help reduce climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but she didn't say much about how she would do it."
He said he will support the Kivalliq Regional Access Road and the Grays Bay Road and the Kitikmeot Regional Marine Facility.
"Will we be able to eliminate the use of fossil fuels in the near future?
"No," she said. "
"When Conservative leader Andrew Chu came to Iqaluit last June, he said Nunavut needs to develop a renewable energy system, saying it is" impossible "under the current Liberal government."
Aglukkaq said she believes the policy has already been put in place to consult with Inuit on renewable resource development and it is unclear if it will be developed now.
"" The Nunavut Land Claims Agreement provides information on how business must be done in the Arctic. The land claims agreement, in my view, is the most important part of the environmental plan. "
"It protects our land, protects our waters, protects our wildlife."
"It's already set up to meet the needs of how the projects should be done.
And it has made it a legal priority and we have to be very proud of it.
"And the decisions about the Arctic must come from Inuit in the Arctic, not from Ottawa." "
"Aglukkaq left her headquarters in Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on September 19, her office said."
"She also plans to travel to Pangnirtung, Qikiqtarjuaq and Clyde River before she can travel to the Kivalliq and Kitikmeot regions."
MLAs will seek new Nunavut Languages Commissioner
Helen Klengenberg resigns from her position on health care
"Nunavut MLAs will soon be looking for a new Nunavut Languages Commissioner, after Helen Klengenberg resigned from her position."
Klengenberg has served as Languages Commissioner since 2017.
By Nunatsiaq News
"Nunavut MLAs will soon be looking for a new Languages Commissioner, following the resignation of Helen Klengenberg in this position."
"Klengenberg, who served as Nunavut's Languages Commissioner as of June 2017, resigned shortly after his term as health minister."
"The Languages Commissioner is an active member of the legislative assembly of Nunavut and is required to report to the House of Commons, which is now the Legislative Assembly's successor to Klengenberg."
"That would be done through the Management and Services Board, which is the Standing Committee of the Legislative Assembly that is responsible for the operation of the Legislative Assembly," Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a statement on September 17. "
"" I think the Management and Services Board will start the hiring process in the near future and we will make an announcement if necessary for a permanent position, "Mikkungwak said."
"The role of the Languages Commissioner, under the mandate outlined in the important Official Languages Act, is to act as a language rights watchdog in Nunavut."
"Klengenberg was appointed in 2017 after a lengthy search for almost a year, following the sudden resignation of Sandra Inutiq in June 2016."
Inutiq resigned from her position a month after she submitted her report on the Qikiqtani General Hospital that the hospital did not have a language policy and did not provide services to Inuktitut and French speaking patients.
He also said the Deputy Minister of Health had applied for a full year for the required documentation.
"After that, MLAs put out an advertisement for the position three times before they appointed Klengenberg."
"In 2017, the Languages Commissioner's position received a one-year payment of between $119,000 to $170,000 a year, with a northern allowance of $15,016 a year, a maximum of 25 days a year in pay and other benefits."
National Inuit Association to Expand Action in Inuit Nunangat
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami's campaign priorities include reducing inequality, building infrastructure, Inuit ownership"
The National Inuit Association wants a larger growth strategy for Inuit Nunangat "that is consistent with the development of a national railway or railway link between Canada's eastern and western regions."
The National Inuit Association made a big announcement to anyone in Canada who will become a federal executive director: launching a massive national railway in Inuit Nunangat "that can be matched by the development of a national railway or railway link between Canada's eastern and western regions."
"In support of this, ITK released a total of nine comments on the priorities of MLAs for candidates to consider during the current federal election campaign."
"Inuit Nunangat is one of the most undeveloped communities in Canada.
"Inuit are using discrimination against other Canadians, as well as other Canadians in Inuit Nunangat," ITK said in a news release. "
"In addition to that, ITK also released a list of commitments for the next federal budget in the 2020 budget, which is likely to be released in February or March."
The budget submission calls on the next government of Canada to continue its implementation of Inuit Nunangat policies on Inuit-specific issues.
"" ITK tells all provincial and territorial governments to commit to implementing Inuit Nunangat policies across the political spectrum, so that Inuit can access and contribute to policies, programs and initiatives that are intended to benefit our people, "ITK President Natan Obed said in a news release."
Each of the two documents contains the following critical needs:
• Connecting all 51 Inuit Nunangat communities to use the Pot App network before the end of 2031.
• Eliminate systemic problems in Inuit Nunangat by 2030.
• Delays to be completed in all four Inuit Nunangat communities over the next two years.
• Create more addictions treatment facilities.
• Create more family violence shelters and temporary housing.
• spend more money on people with mental illness and suicide prevention.
The nine designated Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami language priorities are as follows:
Clause 1.
Work on social programs and suicide prevention.
Item 2.
Work on housing to ensure that all eligible Inuit Nunangat residents have access to housing within two years of being elected.
Item 3.
"To deal with energy and climate change, Canadians must reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by 2050."
Item 4.
Work to strengthen Inuit-Crown relations.
Item 5.
"Work on building infrastructure and economic independence, starting with the creation of the Arctic infrastructure fund, which will be available in all four Inuit communities, starting with a contribution of $1 billion."
Item 6.
Work on an education system that is more equitable to Inuit and non-Inuit.
Item 7.
"Implement a code of conduct that has been submitted to the National Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women, along with 46 Inuit-specific legal cases."
Item 8.
Addressing food insecurity and food insecurity.
Item 9.
Work to promote Inuit interest in science.
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has a culture of regional alienation, and does not support any political party."
"In the latest CBC Canada survey, from September 20, the Liberal Party of Canada and the Conservative Party of Canada were on par with the rest of Canada."
"This electoral survey, which gathers all of the public data collected, suggests that the current Conservative Party's 34.7 per cent support, the Liberal Party at 34.1 per cent, the New Democratic Party at 13.5 per cent, and the Green Party at 9.6 per cent, Black Quebec at 4.4 per cent and the Peoplesoft Party of Canada at 2.8 per cent."
The electoral survey and the results suggest that the Liberal Party has more chance of winning more seats.
"The federal election will be held on Monday, Oct. 21."
Nunavut now has a new polar bear management plan: Nunavut Wildlife Management Board (NWMB)
"We will do what we can to make sure that this is done before the polar bear hunting season"
"Nunavut's new polar bear management plan establishes a balance between male and female polar bears in all of Nunavut's polar bear populations, said the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board."
(Photo by Jane George)
By Jane George
Cambridge Bay - The Government of Nunavut agrees to a new polar bear management plan.
This was a message sent to the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board members at the Kitikmeot Regional Wildlife Board's hearing in Cambridge Bay last week.
"The starting point for the new polar bear management plan is a balanced male and female polar bear quota for Nunavut polar bears, which the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board's chair, Dan Shewchuk, said to the delegates."
"The meeting in Cambridge Bay is the first of three regional wildlife boards to meet with him and Jason Akeeagok, the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board's executive director, to attend."
Akeeagok said the polar bear management plan was "a lot of work."
"" We will do what we can to make sure that this is done before the polar bear hunting season, "she said."
"This plan has been under consideration for almost five years, with the announcement of a plan to be developed this past March in Iqaluit at the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board's meeting."
The plan will take effect up to 2029.
There was a female polar bear hide in the ocean near Arctic Bay when they were looking at four floors.
"Under the new polar bear management plan, the polar bear threat to kill in three communities would eliminate the noise."
(Photo courtesy of Niore Iqalukjuak)
"For all the circumpolar regions of the world's 19 polar bears, 12 of them are in Nunavut."
Polar bear quotas have been established by region (e.g. only male) of the polar bear population - and the killing of polar bear protection is included in the annual polar bear quota set by the community.
"While the new plan will not increase the total allowable harvest at this time, a new total allowable harvest may be considered when it comes to new data."
"As previously planned, Nunavut communities were allowed to harvest a single female polar bear quota with two male polar bear tags each year for each community's polar bear quota."
"This was done only in the Baffin Bay polar bear subpopulation, where there is a balanced quota for female and male polar bears. Under the new plan, it won't matter if the polar bear quota in Nunavut is male or female but it has to be balanced."
The name would be put on a tag.
The new equal male / female polar bear quota for community polar bear protection can be maintained if necessary.
"The increased frequency of polar bear visits to communities has been a concern in Nunavut since the death of two polar bear hides in the Kivalliq region last year - however, under the current management plan, the protection of the kill of a polar bear by a female, would result in two tags being used."
As a result, some communities will no longer have tags for defence kills.
"This new plan could reduce the importation of polar bear hides into communities, Shewchuk told Nunatsiaq News."
"But he previously said the polar bear attacks are a danger to Inuit culture and society, because they damage cabins, birds and seals."
Participants at the meeting in Cambridge Bay welcomed changes to the polar bear management plan.
They were also pleased to note that the community of Kimmirut will now have five more tags for grizzly bears.
There was a large grizzly bear that was spotted and shot because it was too close to a number of buildings in the Mount Palmer area.
"On the other hand, the new polar bear management plan may be looking at something else."
"The polar bear future is uncertain because of climate change, according to a 2018 study by the Special Committee on the Species at Risk in Canada (COSEWIC). This committee, the species at risk in Canada (COSEWIC), reassessed the polar bear population as a" major concern. ""
It means that polar bears are at risk or at risk of being lost due to a combination of living conditions and designated safety hazards.
Nunavut's standing committee extends the deadline for Bill 25 to provide comments
The standing committee will receive general comments up to 5: 00 p.m. on Oct. 11
"John Main, Chair of the Standing Committee on Legislation, said the committee would extend the time for public input on Bill 25 and that the committee would review the bill."
By Emma Tranter
"The Nunavut Legislative Assembly's Standing Committee on Legislation will continue to receive comments from the public on Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, until Oct. 11."
They were the last to receive a statement on Sept. 13.
"" My colleagues and I would like to thank Nunavummiut who have written their views on this important legislation, "Committee Chairman John Main said on Thursday, September 26 in a news release."
Anyone was invited to submit documents to the standing committee after Bill 25 was introduced during the legislative assembly's spring sitting in June.
Second reading was passed and referred to the standing committee for review.
"The committee met in mid-September to review the legislation, as well as the submissions from the people involved in it."
The standing committee also announced that it will extend its review of Bill 25 during the fall sitting to allow for televised hearings to be held within two weeks by the end of November.
"" The Minister of Education and witnesses will attend the standing committee's hearings, which will allow Nunavummiut to observe our proceedings, "Main said in a news release."
"Bill 25 proposes to be phased in, for 20 years, to provide Inuktut instruction in schools from Kindergarten to Grade 12."
"At the same time, the legislation would introduce the Inuit Language Protection Act as part of the Education Act, and extend the deadline for the implementation of bilingual education for grades 4 to 12 in the framework for action that expires on July 1, 2039."
"A detailed vision and strategy for the committee's inquiry will be made available soon, the release said."
"The legislative assembly will reconvene in the fall on Thursday, Oct. 17."
"The submissions will be received until 5: 00 p.m. on Friday, Oct. 11."
All submissions will be made public during the presentation to the House during the fall sitting.
Testimony that can be provided to the following:
"John Main, MLA"
"Chair, Standing Committee on Legislation"
Nunavut Legislative Assembly
Box 1200
"Iqaluit, Nunavut"
X0A 0H0
Tel (867) 975-5000
fax: (867) 975-5191
Online: Mississippis @ assembly.nu.ca
Inuktut Roman orthography - created and developed for development and appeal
Our contributions today to our children and future generations
The Inuktut Roman writing system - which can be used in all Inuit languages across Canada.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami says it will not replace syllabics and Inuit Nunangat regions that use traditional syllabics and others.
ITK has also said the Inuit writing system will not require any changes to its traditional writing system.
By Mailee Gladue
"I was very proud to hear that the team of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami unanimously approved the new Inuktut writing system, named after the Inuktut Roman orthography that was released earlier this month."
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami means "unity among the people of Canada" and there are few examples of the more powerful among our people who have shared their shared values for survival and our culture and language.
That's very encouraging to me at this time.
"In June 2011 when I was the president of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, we defended the renewal process for changes to our education system."
"We created a national contest for single-payer education with 10 strong recommendations that focused on our shared vision to ensure that our children have the right education, the right to be able to learn, and the right to speak in Inuktitut, culture and language."
Our recommendations included the establishment of a unified public registry.
Single Canadians have taken many years to reach that goal and have reached a new culture.
Single language creators in every community in Inuit Nunangat developed an Inuktut Roman orthography.
This means that we will have one writing system in which all Inuit learn their language in a meaningful way.
The use of this new system will grow rapidly.
"The Tungasuvvingat alone will not replace or eliminate the use of traditional local writing systems, as it is intended to involve the use of Tungasuvvingat as a way to improve the use of single-use communications."
It's a gift that we give today to our children and future generations.
I can now imagine that single Canadians will be better able to communicate with each other and share learning materials and curriculum that will create a lot of good teaching issues and that our children will be able to attend high school in both languages and be able to write and speak.
"We face the world's evolution as a people. Our attempts to preserve the western culture have been hampered by our social, family arrangements, and our language."
But we're here today.
Over the past few years we have had to look at our history to find out who we are today and why we are today in a state of crisis.
I believe my vision is that we now have a system that we will have to look back on or we will be able to use it in the future.
The use of Inuktut in Roman orthography in Canada is a sign that I understand that we want to move forward together as a whole.
"It's been eight years since we started developing a national strategy for Inuit education, we have been able to implement a language called" Inuktut "that will mean every single person's language, regardless of where they may be from."
To me this is a way for me to see the unity of individuals. It is a way for us to circumvent all aspects of our society's untruthful barriers.
"Our language, our identity and our identity are visible, and our language is healthy."
I am hopeful that we will be able to use Inuktut in all dialects and dialects and move forward on a consistent basis as we work together to fill our positions as Inuit.
"Mary Simon served as president of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami in 2011 in the creation of a national goal for Inuit education, which included a recommendation to create a single writing system for Inuit languages."
Byrnes commission apologizes to Quebec premier
"" Many of the rules, policies, practices or departmental practices that have been used to address inequality and inequality have been started ""
"Quebec Premier Francois Lego apologized to Indigenous First Nations and Inuit in Quebec on Oct. 2, following a news release that criticized the ongoing efforts of the public service."
(From the show)
"That's why, the Quebec government has not used its mandate to Indigenous people, Lego said."
"Lego apologized - the first of 142 recommendations in the report - at the National Indigenous Conference on Wednesday, Oct. 2, two days after former Supreme Court Justice Jack Byrnes, the commission's executive director, released his report."
"Making excuses is not enough, Lego said."
He said he would look at all the recommendations and find out exactly why there is such a discrepancy.
"" Many of the rules, policies, practices or departmental practices that are used to discriminate and discriminate have led to unacceptable levels of service for Indigenous peoples and Inuit, "Bychok said in his September 30 report."
"The inquiry focused on Indigenous issues within the RCMP, justice system, corrections, health and social services, and youth protection services."
Lucy Greene was an Inuk spokesman for the Bychok commission.
"Here, in his November 2018 inquiry speech."
(Photo by Sarah Rogers)
"The Kativik Regional Government issued a report stating the importance of these recommendations, in improving relations with Indigenous peoples and the Quebec government."
"In particular, the Kativik Regional Government strongly urged the government to make this decision a videoconferencing opportunity for offenders in small communities, so the Kativik government has consulted with the Quebec government."
"" The Kativik Regional Government is committed to working closely with all levels of government and other provincial and territorial organizations to implement the commission's recommendations under its mandate, "said Kativik Regional Government Chairman Jennifer Metuq in a news release."
Nunavik's Department of Health and Social Services also responded to the report by saying the member's ongoing concerns about the commission's comments on health and social services and youth protection services.
The need for resources and the management of health and social services was also raised by members during the review.
"" We will now look forward to the Quebec government reporting on the recommendations, as well as through its collaborative arrangements and processes, "said CEO Minnie Green in an Oct. 2 news release."
The committee also appreciates the commission's role in ensuring that the Quebec Amundsen Inquiry will be responsible for implementing the 142 recommendations.
Makivik President Charlie Watt also spoke to the inquiry into Nunavik's progress and said in an Oct. 1 news release that Inuit were able to speak to the inquiry.
"" On many occasions, in tears, my fellow citizens spoke to the commission about its activities in the areas of health, justice, social services, youth protection, historical grievances and other issues related to Quebec's public service, "Watt said."
"While he said the report will be a response," according to the first recommendation - that Quebec apologize to Inuit and Indigenous peoples for its unfair public service to our people - we now feel that we are being heard. ""
Three legislative parties promise to end Nunavut's diesel fuel consumption by 2030
"This is a lot of hard work"
Students walk four foxes in Iqaluit on September 27 to participate in the United Nations Climate Change Framework.
Three legislative candidates for the federal government say they want to stop Nunavut's diesel fuel consumption by 2030.
(Photo by Justin Potter)
By Justin Potter
"In this federal election, three legislative parties said Nunavut's use of diesel fuel will be shut down by 2030."
"Right now all 25 communities in Nunavut have diesel generators operated by the Qulliq Energy Corporation, the only power corporation in Canada that does not have renewable energy systems in their communities."
Changing that would be a huge and costly project.
"" This is a lot of work, "said Martha Lionel, the Arctic renewable energy specialist for the World Wildlife Fund."
"" It's probably possible, just a little bit of luck. ""
The Green Party's campaign promises to "implement a renewable energy system.
"By 2030, all of Canada's energy systems will go through renewable energy systems."
This includes banning outpost camps in northern communities from using diesel fuel for electricity. "
"The Liberal Party said it will" move forward financially to ensure that Inuit communities will no longer use diesel fuel until they can generate electricity using clean, renewable energy - such as hydro, wind and solar power - by 2030. ""
The New Democratic Party (NDP) said it would "aim to bring Canada's renewable energy generation to its knees by 2030... to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by providing electricity to communities and creating jobs.
"We would support applications for locally owned and operated clean energy projects to employ local and skilled residents, as well as work with Indigenous and Arctic communities to reduce the use of diesel fuel." "
"According to the Department of Environment and Climate Change Canada's report released earlier this year, air pollution in Nunavut accounts for less than 1 per cent of this impact."
"In 2017, Nunavut produced a total of 0.6 megawatts of carbon dioxide, equivalent to 18,000 vehicles per person."
"That year, Alberta, which is the country's largest dust suppressant, produced about 84 million vehicles per person."
"Despite that, Nunavut has seen its carbon emissions from vehicles more than 30 per cent since 2005, with the largest increase in Canada and Alberta almost double, which is the second largest increase in the same period."
"Even if energy changes were made in the three legislatures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the impact on Canada's carbon emissions would still be small."
The communities will be the ones who will get the most.
"Nunavummiut pay the largest amount of electricity than any other jurisdiction in Canada, and funding for energy would reduce that."
"However, taking action on renewable energy projects such as renewable energy projects may not match the cost of what is currently being spent on energy."
"Last month, the World Wildlife Fund released a report that outlines how renewable energy can be delivered in each of the 25 communities in Nunavut."
"They found that by a reduction of 8 per cent - mainly because of the risk of a project or other sources of revenue - Baker Lake, Coral Harbour, Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet would save money by moving away from 20 per cent of renewable energy, including direct payments for about 15 years."
The study also indicated that 16 other communities with a 4 per cent subsidy - roughly the Qulliq Energy Corporation's loan limit - could also receive about $2 million in subsidies and a 20 per cent cash transfer.
"But the report only talks about the viability of these projects, with the decision to relocate renewable energy sources at a lower cost than the current energy costs."
But moving communities to a viable renewable energy source would be a big task.
"" It would require a lot of consultations, and they would have to start next year in order to meet their energy needs in each community, "said Lionel."
"" They would have to go to the community, work with them on what they would like to do, and see what the community would like to see in the energy sector, to see what their priorities are and what the community would like to hear about the importance of hunting and hunting. ""
"This does not include the development of an integrated infrastructure for solar energy or wind energy, which would take two years to properly collect, or projects for the Qulliq Energy Corporation to ensure that renewable energy systems are reliable."
"For every community 100 per cent of the allocation of renewable energy, which the three parties are trying to get into the legislative assembly, it would not only take a long time, but it would also cost a lot of money."
"The New Democratic Party (NDP) and the Liberal Party (Liberal) have not announced how much money they would contribute to the devolution process, the Green Party said last week."
"As part of its campaign spending report, Green Party said it will contribute $150 million over the next five years to devolution to all rural and northern communities - not just in Nunavut - to reduce the use of fossil fuels."
It's not enough.
"Leno explained that if a community like Arctic Bay were to transfer at least 60 per cent of its power plant, it would require an operating cost of about $27.8 million."
"According to the same report, for other communities to use 60 per cent of renewable energy, they would have to use a higher rate."
"In Iqaluit, it is estimated to cost about $148 million."
"While it is clear that it is smaller than the $250 million to $500 million that would have been spent on energy projects in the city, that would be spent on one community that the Green Party wants to contribute."
"Leno does not expect the federal government to pay for all of these projects, but they also said they would work with partners and how they would be done and it would be difficult and time-consuming."
"When you look at the 2030 deadline, there won't be much time left."
"" In terms of solar energy, I think it's going to take two to five years. "
"In terms of wind energy, it would take five to seven years," said Lionel when asked how much energy they would be doing. "
"When you look at the deadlines and divide them into 25 communities and if they're going to be done at the same time in remote communities and the land is not always available, Leno is thinking about how to get it done, looking at all the options, he's saying it's possible."
"" I think for those who want to get there, that's going to make a big difference. "
"Even if we don't get to 100 per cent, then there's a lot of interest." "
"Please note: This book covers the federal nomination of the Green Party, the Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party (NDP)."
"When the book was developed, the Conservative Party had not yet announced its candidacy, so they were not included in this report."
Subject: Administration of Early Learning and Childcare Issues
We must recognize the importance of early childhood education and daycare workers in Nunavut to our frontline workers.
"Lukakuluk Wilson-Bathory, the chair of the Footprints Daycare Board, is seeking more support from the Government of Nunavut for quality early childhood education and child care based on Inuit language and culture."
By Nunatsiak News
Letter to Nunavut Premier Joe Savikataaq and Minister of Education David Joanasie Savikataaq and Minister Joanasie
I am one of those people who are grieving because of our language and culture.
"As the chair of the board of directors of the Footprints Sailivik Centre, the only Inuktut language school for children in early childhood education in Iqaluit and the only one in Iqaluit at the headquarters in Nunavut that provides daycare services to children who already speak Inuktitut."
"The Footprints Sailivik Centre closed on Aug. 21 on Sept. 12, 2019 due to a staff shortage and, again, it has been operating under a staff shortage for almost a year."
"A small number of people apply for jobs at the Tungasuvvingat Daycare Centre due to low pay (Iqaluit's highest daycare wage), employees who don't have income support, housing because they're viewed as a down-payment for women's work at the daycare as they see it."
"The daycare is now open again, but the emergency operation is challenging: we lost our staff and a good employee was exhausted."
"We now have a part-time office worker, a full-time daycare manager, two full-time daycare workers and each child care worker who work rotating shifts at the daycare (all of them are probation and safety), who work full-time, while we're looking for a full-time position, a qualified person."
"This process is not uncommon, but for those of us who have children, we believe that our children have to be safe and speak Inuktitut to keep the mask open."
There is still a risk that it could be closed permanently.
"Nunavut's daycare operations are currently at a disadvantage. Day care workers are expected to provide one of the most important child care services to provide quality early childhood education, based on Inuit culture and language, despite the low cost and lack of support."
The non-profit organization relies on a number of different sources of funding each year, as well as parents who volunteer their time to manage a daycare in the community.
"Day care workers are often unable to afford to pay and receive no compensation, no training for their work and no housing for staff."
Day care workers are now being asked to work below their basic needs in order to sustain themselves or their families.
The challenges facing our daycares are due to the unique staffing needs that require the knowledge and expertise to promote and preserve the Inuit language and culture of our young children; Footprints hire only fluent Inuktut speakers.
It's 100 per cent Inuit employment.
But because of the high turnover of our employees, we're struggling with a staff shortage because of the lack of competition and the lack of compensation and benefits for our employees, they're leaving.
"As a result, it has an impact on early childhood education and child learning."
Inuit deserve the support they need and the value of our language and culture to be taught to our children.
The Government of Nunavut must consider how to better support quality early childhood education and ensure that the daycare is based on Inuit language and culture.
"Effective valued early childhood education and child care workers are paid to compete with the public and receive benefits, which include housing for their work, vacation, training in the workplace and in the school system."
Footprints's vision of the daycare is to expand its reach to the public and increase resources so that more Inuit children can be accommodated.
"We have now been looking for a larger daycare to meet our vision and that's why we have raised close to $80,000 for the new space that has been collected."
They propose the following reforms to the Government of Nunavut:
"• Collecting early childhood education and daycare workers as part of the Government of Nunavut's workforce to provide the same level of pay as the Government of Nunavut's wage, consistent with the Government of Nunavut's payroll system in eight categories, which apply to employees in the Nunavut school system;"
• including the operations and maintenance of daycare facilities in Nunavut that are currently in place within the education system;
"• Provide funding for early childhood education and daycare staff but not limited to short-term measures that include long-term sick leave, vacation travel, bilingual pay, parental leave and housing"
• the creation of a body to support all daycares in Nunavut;
• Work with daycares to address immediate and urgent challenges. Together, we will work together to develop a long-term plan to change the operations of the daycare system.
We must recognize the importance of early childhood education and daycare workers in Nunavut to our employees.
We want to ensure that our daycares have a full complement of positions and that all employees receive a subsidy.
We have to keep our daycares open.
"Changing the operation of the daycare system will ensure that Nunavut's early childhood and daycare workers will be able to do their jobs in a way that will allow them to take a significant step forward to ensure that early childhood and daycare operations change the way they are able to provide the best quality of life for children, including learning the Inuktut language, grow a strong foundation of Inuit culture, and participate fully in the rest of Canada."
"A true writer,"
Lukakuluk Williamson Parry
"Chair, Footprints Sailivik (Iqaluit Inuktut Daycare Society) Board"
Do you recognize these people in the picture?
"I know this photo is a long time coming"
"According to the article behind the photo, it was filmed in Kugluktuk, Nunavut - at the time of the English name Coppermine - on May 18, 1930."
The author found his grandfather's property after he passed away and wanted to know if these Inuit women could be identified.
I found this photo of my grandfather's property when he passed away.
"He was named Dr. James Jamieson, and I knew he was a nurse at the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II, where he was here for his work in Newfoundland and Goose Bay, Labrador."
"I don't know when he had that photo or it was written by J.H. (behind the photo), but I knew he was familiar with the Arctic."
"I know that this photo was taken a long time ago, but there would be some recognition... and even if they were one of those people they would like to take that photo."
"With all due respect,"
Sarah Howard
"North Bay, a former Ontario resident who now lives in Prince Edward Island"
This word is written in the back of the Inuit women's copy.
Inuit language rights were prominent in the Montreal conference of Inuktut speakers
"The name of the Inuit cultural school was what it was - to use the Inuit language"
"NTI President Aluki Kotierk, to my right, speaks in a speech entitled" Inuktut Survival Right "on Thursday, Oct. 3, at the Inuit Cultural Education Conference in Montreal."
"With him is Louis Tapardjuk, a member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit's board of directors, the Nunavut Language Authority."
Even though there was no interpreter, they were able to speak in Inuktut.
(Photo by Lisa Griffiths)
By Lisa Griffiths Not Accused by Nunatsiaq News
"In the Montreal hotel room there was a lot of noise on Thursday, Oct. 3, when Inuit attended the 21st Inuit Cultural Education Conference as they walked in to hear two Inuit leaders talk about why the right to speak Inuktut in Nunavut is a right to be an Inuk and that the right to be denied."
"NTI President Aluki Kotierk and Louis Tapardjuk, a former Government of Nunavut minister and member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Authority, appeared on time and sat in front of the chairs of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit."
"Photographers were organized to promote Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. 's Facebook page, which featured a video of a wide range of websites for English-language speakers, and participants were mostly Inuit who heard the full text of the speech."
"Kotierk welcomed the audience and started speaking in Inuktitut, with those who speak Inuktitut sometimes agreeing to their head and clapping."
"For those who don't speak Inuktitut, including the author, they just sat there and looked at it."
Some people just walked out.
Some people are just trying to listen to their phone while they're waiting for the English version.
There was no English copy.
Welcome to the amazing community of many Inuit in Nunavut.
"" The name of the Inuit cultural school was something that, especially when we were talking about the Inuit language, we wanted to use the Inuit language, "Kotierk said at the start."
"We talked about it and we knew there would be no interpreters but we decided it's very important to use our language when we talk about the need for support and promotion of our language."
"The World Summit, which brings together northern experts from the Arctic and the south, has, in recent years, started to involve more Inuktut speakers and speakers, a conference focused on Inuit needs and a closer working relationship between Inuit and non-Inuit educated people."
"The Inuktitut hearing, due to the language of the Inuit right, seemed to be in the process of developing this."
Kotierk's statement addressed a number of pieces of legislation that need to promote and protect the Inuktut language in Nunavut, where there are more Inuit and more speakers in Inuktut.
"These laws include the United Nations (United Nations) Act on the right of Indigenous peoples (and First Nations) to act on recommendations and legal action by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the National Inquiry into the Murdered and Murdered Indigenous Women and Girls, and the Nunavut Language Act."
"Kotierk described many of the recent Inuit deaths, in part, to language and culture, such as Annie Kootoo, who died of liver failure in 2017, and the 15-year-old Eileen Kooneeliusie, who died of tuberculosis in the same year."
"Inuit want the right to live and have the right to live.
"Canadian Inuit should not die because of a lack of access and services comparable to other Canadians," Kotierk wrote in a statement. "
"In his statement, Tapardjuk referred to a recent incident in Iqaluit where officers went to an elder to tell him that his adopted son was shot dead at the youth centre."
The woman is single and does not speak English.
Tapardjuk said the RCMP had to stop the vehicle to ask for help in the announcement of the bad news.
"" There are a number of things that this report could have done in this area. Does a person have an assistant in the event of a dramatic change in their life, who didn't even have an interpreter, "Kotierk told Nunatsiaq News."
"Many of us Inuit who speak English and Inuktitut are invited to do the work.
"We are thought to be able to interpret at any time, even if we don't know the Inuit."
Sometimes it's confidential.
"So, in that way, I can say that it's a violation of human rights." "
"Kotierk said at least that those who speak Inuktut in Nunavut should have access to professional services in their language in the areas of health, justice and education."
Even those things are not readily available.
He and other leaders continue to call on the federal government to protect their language and their people at home.
Ottawa passed a new Indigenous language legislation in June that has been criticized by NTI and ITK for saying their decisions have not been taken care of.
"Kotierk said he wanted people to know," We are the authority. "
Let's speak Inuktut when we go to the store.
Let's speak Inuktut when we go to the bank.
Let's speak Inuktut when we go to school.
"If we speak more in Inuktut and don't think of those who can't understand, then they can be given a larger share of what is required." "
Qikiqtani Inuit Association announces compensation for tourism operators in Inuit Nunangat
Expenditures to be made mandatory
"Tourism operators who visit the Qikiqtani region of Nunavut will now have to pay for tourism fees if they want to access Inuit Nunangat, the QIA announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit from Oct. 8 to 10."
"The commercial tourism operators must now pay if they want to go to their own communities in the Qikiqtani region, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit on Wednesday, Oct. 9."
The Qikiqtani region hosts the largest number of ships carrying Inuit passengers across the territory.
"Pond Inlet received 17 cruise ships this summer, while Iqaluit was visited by four passengers."
"" Inuit in the Qikiqtani region have expressed concern about the increasing number of tourism activities in our region, especially with Inuit shipping ships. "
"The Qikiqtani Inuit Association has developed a tourism executive compensation package to help Inuit in communities affected by cruise ships," P.J. Akeeagok, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's president, said in a news release. "
Following a news release the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's land and natural resources department announced the new funding.
The new expenditures are as follows:
• Airplane landing in Inuit Nunangat: $150
• A helicopter landing in Inuit Nunangat: $100
• Economic mistakes in Inuit Nunangat: $50 a day
• Commercial visitor access in less than six hours in Inuit Nunangat: $25.00 a day
"Half of the total spending would go to the hunters and trappers organization closest to the tourism industry that is available, the release said."
Half of that would go to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
"The ships carrying Inuit to Nunavut have a population of between 150 and 400 people," Rosen T. Reykjavik, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's director of land and renewable resources, said at the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's board meeting. "
The $25 a day fee would apply to all passengers who carry Inuit passengers in order to get to their own communities - or IOL (Inuit Nunangat).
"" No matter how many people on the ship are going to be landed in Inuit Nunangat, they will be charged based on the number of people on the ship, "T. Reehr told the board."
T. Reehr said the ships carrying Inuit passengers to the Qikiqtani region will have to submit to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association the number of Inuit passengers per month or before they start boating.
"" If the ship offloaded 350 people, we would charge $25 a day per person. "
"So the larger passenger vessels would have to pay between $10,000 and $20,000 to land in Inuit Nunangat," T. Reimer said. "
"In a community where a lot of ships get Inuit passengers in the summer, such as Pond Inlet, the hunter and trappers organization would receive between $50,000 and $70,000 in compensation, she added."
The new funding will also support the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's use of the land registration system.
"That way, tourism operators will be notified when they apply for new fees to access Inuit Nunangat."
T. Reehr said the Qikiqtani Inuit Association set the rates based on what other organizations pay for the tourism industry.
"For example, Parks Canada charges $25 per person to go to national park."
"Hamlets also charge people for transporting ships and tourism operators to their communities, T. Reykjavik said."
"" The ships that carry Inuit who have been able to get into their own communities are penalized for that unless Inuit actually get into our own communities, "she said."
"Joe Ataguttaaluk, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's secretary / treasurer, asked if it was possible that these costs would rise in the future."
"T. Reimer said the change would be possible, but it would require a lot of discussion and resolution by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's board of directors."
"This is a very exciting strategy.
"We are once again leading the way in which Inuit can contribute to their communities," Akeeagok told the council. "
"The payments will come into effect immediately, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association said."
Baffinland's huge railway project has raised concerns among Pond Inlet residents
"Does Baffinland feel that we don't know if the NIRB or the government will approve the project in advance?"
"The cargo ship of the Pilgrim Broncos sank off the coast of Columbia, Germany, last summer."
"In the barge you can see two potential construction units, 33 and 34 metres high, which Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. acquired from TI and shipped to the Mary River mine this summer."
Two smaller units are also shipped in from the front.
"This will be used for the railway expansion, which has not yet been approved by the legislative assembly."
(Photo courtesy of Dawson)
Local leaders in Pond Inlet are frustrated by the huge ship carrying railway parts of Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. 's Mary River iron mine this summer.
"What they are concerned about is that Baffinland wants to expand its railway to phase 2 of the plan, and before the permitting process has been approved, Baffinland sent two large 10-storey buildings to Brigadien, Germany, to the company's port at Mary River in North Baffin this summer."
"They also brought in two smaller units that could be built and large railways that would be used to build them, such as railway and land iron ore."
"Baffinland, in November 2018, announced to rights groups and their partners that the Qikiqtani Inuit Association would be bringing in, in the form of a public registry for the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board."
But the people of Pond Inlet are finally finding that out.
When the ship from the Pirurvik Broncos arrived at Baffinland's port at Mary River this past August, they shipped a package of modular buildings to be used to build a railway expansion.
When the people of Pond Inlet saw a ship near their community, they will be the first to hear of a cargo ship. Two more ships carrying railway parts arrived shortly after that and more ships are expected to arrive in the summer of 2020.
"We just found out about three or four weeks ago.
"We see cargo being shipped around Pond Inlet," Joshua Arreak, the executive director of the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Association told Nunatsiaq News. "
"We were wondering why and who they were and how they were doing it.
"We have not received any information from the Nunavut Impact Review Board, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or anyone else."
"We didn't expect that," Arreak said. "
"We have not heard from the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
I don't know.
We have a problem with the Inuit organizations.
"They don't keep us informed," she said. "
The Nunavut Impact Review Board knew about the sealift this winter
"Any Nunavut permitting body and any federal minister rejected Baffinland's expansion plan, which would create a 110-kilometre railway from Mary River to Mary River, produce an additional 12 million tonnes a year, and travel up to 200 times a year to haul iron ore."
This project cannot be fully approved by the federal government until the final public hearing that the Nunavut Impact Review Board has scheduled for Nov. 2 in Iqaluit and ends on Nov. 8 and 9 in Pond Inlet.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board, which did not seek comment from the stakeholders, said it would bring in a sealift order for the railway to be used in a letter sent to Baffinland this past July 25."
"The NIRB told the company that if phase 2 is not approved, Baffinland would have to take responsibility for the shipping of the material, which could cost tens of millions of dollars, out of the mine."
They also said the sealift will not affect the NIRB's decision on this issue.
"In an email dated Oct. 17, the Nunavut Impact Review Board's executive director, Ryan Perry, indicated that the regulatory authority of the Nunavut Impact Review Board may or may not approve the vessel's activities."
"" The NIRB was only able to say that these activities would be included in the evaluation process and that all materials for construction would have to be transferred if the application was rejected after the board's initial inspection, "Perry wrote."
This is an aerial photo of the Pilgrim Broncos. This summer the ship shipped a package of modular buildings to Mary River to be used for Baffinland's railway expansion.
"One of the units, referred to as the" destructive building, "is 33 metres high, 23.5 metres wide and weighing 1,470 tonnes."
"On the other hand, it's referred to as the" dirt building, "which is 34 metres high."
"So each building, which is part of an existing demolition and contamination facility, is roughly equivalent to a 10-floor building - or even higher than what is built in the eastern Arctic."
But Baffinland has not yet been approved for the use of these funds.
"" Baffinland will identify these assets only for phase 2 - not to use them "until phase 2 of the application is complete," the company wrote in its July 19 report to the Nunavut Impact Review Board. "
Equipment stored in Inuit Nunangat
"In a joint submission to the permitting body, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association and Baffinland wrote that the assets will be located in Inuit Nunangat, in accordance with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's commercial lease agreement with the company."
"For Arreak and others, an event such as this suggests Baffinland has already been approved for the project."
"The people of Pond Inlet are not happy.
Does Baffinland feel that we don't know if the NIRB or the government will approve the project in advance?
"I don't know," she said. "
"Rodrik Tester, a technical specialist at the Municipality of Pond Inlet, was granted permission by Pond Inlet's mayor, Joshua Shewchuk, to speak to Nunatsiaq News on behalf of the hamlet."
"" Baffinland has been working on the idea of approving phase 2, "Tester said in an email."
"" Even if the Nunavut Impact Review Board had the authority to do that, the final impact of the decision would be to put more pressure on the Nunavut Impact Review Board to act as a plebiscite authority and approve the application. "
"This is a concern," Tester said on behalf of the hamlet. "
"" On the other hand, the hamlet feels that it wasn't necessary to do that. "
"This has been done financially and in the spirit of Baffinland's decision to approve phase 2," she wrote. "
"" Our main concern is the animals, marine animals and their habitats. "
We would be the most affected in our communities.
That's our concern.
"The money will not bring back the animals," Joshua Arreak said on behalf of the hunters and trappers organization, citing an ongoing discussion in Pond Inlet over the years regarding marine transportation to Baffinland's plan. "
"For non-political organizations such as the Ocean North, who have expressed interest in the upcoming hearing on Baffinland's expansion plan, they said they support" responsible development "at the Mary River mine."
"But they also said Baffinland's export of large amounts of fax had not already taken into account the environmental impact, and they were not satisfied with Baffinland's decision to export large iron ore from Mary River to the south of Arctic Bay, which was allowed to happen in 2012."
"" It's no surprise that residents are not satisfied with the large amount of imported railway parts to Mary River prior to legislative approval for this expansion, "said Chris Thibicke, deputy minister of policy and legislative affairs at the Department of Fisheries and Oceans for the Arctic."
Pan-designed equipment received from Tyson Crosby
The materials that are being shipped to Mary River are part of an existing railway system that Baffinland acquired from Tirurutiup to various locations in Germany.
"The two large buildings, which came in first, were designed in Primohan, which is the third built, a railway, built in Steensland, Bolsonaro, TI said in a news release."
"Baffinland also brought in a cargo ship, a belt in the process and a bunch of equipment to be used for railway transport."
"The material details of Baffinland's submission to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board included a railway link and a road link, as well as a bag of metal and garbage."
"Tungasuvvingat's first ship to Baffinland, a ship called Bigfoot Barnes, weighs 5,500 tonnes of raw material, and departed from Columbia in early August."
"Two more cargo ships also shipped more cargo this summer, and more cargo will be shipped in the summer of 2020, Tester said."
"Under a partnership agreement with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Baffinland agreed to put an additional $18 million in compensation funding to clean up the Mary River mine if the project stopped, the water board's letter said."
Nunavut's legislative assembly calls for a new acting Languages Commissioner
Karliin Aariak's appointment comes into effect on Oct. 21
"Nunavut's legislative assembly appointed an acting Languages Commissioner, Karliin Aariak, after Helen Klengenberg resigned last September from her office."
Karliin Aariak of Iqaluit was appointed as Nunavut's acting Languages Commissioner.
"Simeon Mikkungwak, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, announced the appointment, which will come into effect on Monday, Oct. 21."
Karliin Aariak of Iqaluit will serve as Nunavut's acting Languages Commissioner.
(Photo courtesy of Karliin Aariak)
"" Ms. Aariak's work, which includes both the Office of the Languages Commissioner and the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, allows me to carry out these important tasks, "Mikkungwak said in a release."
"Under the Official Languages Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Languages Commissioner is responsible for protecting language rights for Inuktut, French and English languages."
"The Languages Commissioner is also responsible for investigations and investigations, advice and language rights protection."
"Under the Official Languages Act, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is appointed for four years by the Commissioner of Nunavut after a legislative decision has been made."
"The Management and Services Board of the Legislative Assembly may also make a decision on the appointment of an acting Languages Commissioner when the position is vacant and the board is not in session, the announcement of Arreak's appointment said."
"The former Languages Commissioner, Helen Klengenberg, resigned from office in September."
"Eva Aariak, Karliin's mother and Nunavut's former premier, was the first Languages Commissioner of Nunavut to be elected in 2008 to serve as Nunavut's legislative assembly."
"A public invitation was issued to the Nunavut Languages Commissioner, the legislative assembly said, and that more information was available on the website."
Montreal women's centre announces plans for an emergency night centre
Inuit women account for 15 per cent of those attending the women's centre
"Morina Buller Widden, the executive director of the women's shelter, the women's shelter and Cathy Wong, the city councillor representing Peet McGill Nunangat and a spokesman for the Montreal city council, discussed plans for a 22-bed homeless women's shelter in Montreal on Oct. 16 in a news release for the women's shelter."
(Photo courtesy of the City of Montreal)
"The Montreal town of Willet-Murray allows for the expansion of a program started by the women's shelter, a day shelter for women who are homeless, which was set up to replace a building that was inherited last year."
"The residents" decision, announced on Wednesday, Oct. 16, will allow for the establishment of a new building within a short distance of the centre, which will then become an emergency night for women. "
"The women's centre, a women's day centre on the 1430 per cent street in Montreal, is open every day of the week for women who need help."
Many of them are born.
"The women's centre is currently located on Sirty Road, not far from the Apron Road and Café Sirga, a gathering place for Inuit in the town."
"The women's centre is well known by many Inuit women, who make up 15 per cent of the population."
"With the scheduled opening in 2021, the building's emergency night centre was purchased with a contribution of $1 million from the Montreal businessman Andrew Harper through the Joyce Community Foundation in Montreal."
"" Thanks to the new facility, we will now be able to accommodate 22 beds for women who are homeless, "said Morina Buller, executive director of Sarah Cree, who said in a news release after the event at the women's shelter."
"" Right now, women make up 25 per cent of the homeless population in Montreal, but the benefits for women are often inadequate. "
This project is a step in the right direction. "
"This good news about the centre's expansion came less than a week after the person at the centre, Clara Okatsiak, a former resident of the Northwest Territories, died on Oct. 11 at the hospital."
Princeton told Nunatsiaq News that after Okatsiak's daughter committed suicide while in custody she was in a state of health.
"The majority of the people who go to the centre are people who go to the city due to housing shortages and legal problems," Bychok said. "
"There are a lot of people who go to the women's shelter during the day. There are six beds in the facility. There are a few hours of sleep and they just stay outside in the evening."
That's going to change with the new overnight accommodations.
"Right now, the women's centre, which hosts about 100 women every day, provides services and programs for women to meet their basic needs in homelessness, food insecurity, mental health and substance abuse."
Princeton said the number of Inuit women who go to the centre has remained stable since 2018.
"" However, we have filled up women with people who need more help than they really need in clothing and bathrooms, "she said."
"As the only women's day centre in Montreal, the St. Theresa's women's centre is now open seven days a week from 8: 30 a.m. to 3: 00 p.m."
"Due to its ability to run its programs, the women's centre took a break from providing weekend service for six months in 2014 due to a lack of funding."
"" We're hoping that we can get some financial support from Makivik, but we don't know if we're going to get it this time, "said Bowler."
"The women's centre also runs the Inuit advocacy program - but the women's centre raises money to be able to do that, which accounts for about 70 per cent of its operations from $1.7 million a year."
"Cathy Wong, a city councillor representing Peewee McGill's community and a spokesperson for the Montreal city council, said during the announcement of a new evening centre and that more women will be able to access" services offered to people who want to stay safe and secure. ""
Nunavut does not have a Liberal government
"For serious questions, the Liberals did not have much to offer"
Mannilaq's victory on Oct. 21 reveals a reluctance to accept Liberal policies for Nunavut and the North.
Do you remember the Liberal press release?
Read a lot of stories in a row.
More than anything we can remember.
"That doesn't matter, because the majority of Nunavut voters released the results on Oct. 21, they didn't show anything."
"Since 2015, Justin Trudeau and other Liberal governments in Nunavut have produced a lot of news."
Even some of the information contained new details.
"But in the end, the people of Nunavut just said" Tonight. ""
"But in the end, they were thinner to politicians, since 1961, as Canadians have been thinner to change them: the New Democratic Party."
"This elder Mamilak mountain's victory represents a rejection of Trudeau's strategy in the Arctic and northern Canada, which includes a rejection of what has been said repeatedly about the Inuit-Crown Partnership."
"Since 2015, Trudeau has worked with management organizations such as Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc., the Qikiqtani Inuit Association and others."
But this week's election demonstrates to Nunavummiut that the Inuit-Crown Partnership is irrelevant.
"This is not surprising, because at the end of the day Nunavummiut were unable to respond to specific questions by the Liberal government."
"It's no secret that the majority of people in Nunavut are the most concerned about economic and social issues: the ongoing shortage of housing, food insecurity, high food prices and food prices, the prevalence of tuberculosis and suicide that is almost daily."
"But on his last trip to Nunavut on Oct. 8, Trudeau did not have much good news on these issues."
He made a statement in South Baffin about climate change and conservation.
"These are issues for all Canadians, but during the general election year, Nunavummiut want to hear their concerns about housing and the high cost of living."
"What happened was that the Sylvia Grinnel River was also filmed, not by Nunavut voters, but by southern Canadians."
"In doing so, he did not respond to the pressing needs of Nunavummiut and to Nunavut's Liberal candidate, Megan Pizzo-Lyall, who did not even help him. He should have received more support from the president of the Liberal Party."
"As for food prices and food insecurity, the Liberal party took action, put in place a higher contribution to the Nutrition North Canada Program, and gave more money, $12.5 million a year to Indigenous harvesters in Nunavut and other northern regions."
But the hunter support program has to be developed and no one can tell why it is.
"Also this past Aug. 1, Trudeau worked hard in Iqaluit and Arctic Bay, signing an agreement to establish the Tallurutiup Imanga Marine Conservation Area and promised to launch a new protected area called Tuvaijuittuq."
"That's what he's doing and he's giving a lot of money to the communities in North Baffin, for small craft harbours and protection jobs."
He also stressed the need for protection in such a way as to meet with Indigenous people.
"The problem with this kind of work is that when you cough up a lot of tuberculosis in a overcrowded house, this" reunion "doesn't make sense."
"With that in mind again, do you remember the Liberal government did a lot of good news about tuberculosis?"
"They did that in early 2018, when Jane Willett, then the national health minister, said that tuberculosis would be eradicated in Inuit Nunangat by 2030."
But Wilbur said the federal minister's commitment to this project is no longer there.
"With Trudeau's approach to Jody Wilson-Raybould and his controversial handling of SNC-Lavalin, Wilbur resigned from the chamber."
"Since then, the Liberal government has not heard of the eradication of tuberculosis."
"Like the hunter support program, it seems to be stuck in the Inuit-Crown Partnership, and it appears that his strong message about the ban on tuberculosis is now in danger."
"And everyone knows that tuberculosis is a symptom of poverty, poor nutrition and poor housing."
"But on the housing side, Trudeau also offered a warm and rehearsal speech last summer."
"And the Government of Canada's Inuit Housing Program," co-developed "by Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, has not done much of a hopeful thing."
We would also like to congratulate Mamilaaq Qaqqaq for winning the medal.
"As a member of the Fourth Legislative Assembly, he will need the support he needs to be heard."
Let's just give the people of Nunavut an opportunity and support.
"Qaqqaq won two awards, Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Pizzo-Lyall."
I hope that the two parties do not lose sight of what they have lost and continue to serve Nunavummiut and the North.
MLAs ask ministers about the $80 million expansion of the Weber Road Project
"When I look at my colleagues, we can certainly make a decision on the $80 million that could be used"
"Joelie Qaunaq, the MLA for Amittuq, was one of the MLAs in the Nunavut legislature who were asking the government about the $80 million expansion of the Iqaluit- and Iqaluit-based Meadowbank Project."
Some Nunavut MLAs are asking for an unspecified contribution to the expansion of the Nu-Iqaluit Weber Project.
"Last August, the federal government committed $151 million to the project, which was targeted at 1,700 square kilometres of Weber Avenue in Nuuk, Greenland, through the Qikiqtaaluk region to Iqaluit."
From that point on, it will be shipped to Kimmirut.
"The Government of Nunavut will develop the framework and initiate the project, which will be completed by 2023."
"Last year, MLAs approved the project, which cost $126 million."
"" After that year, we were informed that the project's cost had gone up in line with the cost of living increases and that it was now estimated at $209 million, "John Main, MLA for Arviat North-Whale Cove, said in a member's statement on Wednesday, Oct. 23."
"This is a $80 million difference, Maine said."
"" When I look at my colleagues, we can make a good decision on the value of $80 million, "Maine said."
The federal contribution comes from the Small Communities and Northern Communities Fund to the Investment Canada Plan.
The project is now before the legislative assembly's review of the main estimates for 2020 / 21.
"Later in the day of question period, Joelie Qaunaq, MLA for Amittuq, asked Quassa Kusugak, the Minister of Community and Government Services, about the $80 million increase before the government plans to do business."
"This process, as outlined in the Government of Nunavut's Strategic Investments Program," aims to ensure that the project has a clear understanding, as well as access to information related to development, timely cost estimates and timelines, prior to the start of the capital planning process. ""
"" Has it been done prior to the planning, yes or no? ""
Invitational question to Ms. Kusugak.
"The planning is done and they're still trying to figure out how much it would cost.
"When we were informed, we found out it was going to be a lot more expensive," Kusugak said. "
"Main, who sits beside me as the chair of the legislative assembly, is standing up to ask more questions to Ms. Kusugak."
"Can the minister tell us how this huge project has gone up over the course of the year?"
"Ms. Kusugak added that after the budget was approved last year, the department re-looked at the project and the cost of the project increased after the review."
"Ms. Kusugak added that, in May of 2019 her department felt that her funding proposal would have to increase to $201.6 million" to maximize the amount of federal funding available for the project if necessary. ""
"The next day, on Oct. 24, Maine rose again during question period to follow up with Finance Minister George Hickes on the same topic."
"" Under the Financial Management Board, what steps were taken and what steps were taken to inform the department of the $80 million cost increase in this spending process? ""
Main is asking.
"Hickes said that in addition to the federal funding expansion project, and in addition to a well-supported marine research centre, the Government of Nunavut has also increased its contribution."
"The Department of Community and Government Services resubmitted it to the Financial Management Board for this reason when they found out that the expenditures were too low."
"Hickes also said the Government of Nunavut contributed half (25 per cent) to the project, while the federal government contributed 75 per cent."
"" As the Government of Nunavut, we don't have to pay $80 million at all, and we would have to pay 25 per cent of that. "
"We will be looking for... some time in the next few years... additional resources to complete this project," she added. "
"Nunavik needs its own federal law enforcement agency, says Makivik president"
Charlie Watt 's election calls for federal government to change
"Charlie Watt, the president of Makivik Corp., issued a news release on Oct. 22 after a federal election, saying Nunavik needs its own federal law enforcement agency."
By Elaine Anselmi
"Makivik President Charlie Watt did not change his statement on Nunavik's legal standing during a ceremony announced by the incoming MLA, Sheppard Peck."
"" We will be looking at the Electoral Boundaries Commission to make sure that this is understood, in other words, that Nunavik has its own political party that is geared towards our territory, which is particularly encouraging now given our independence process, "she said."
"We need that as a provincial jurisdiction."
"Abbey James Pan-Nunavik is the largest federal political project in Quebec, ranging from Nunavik's south to the La Vol-Orr region, where there are about four in six 2019 federal candidates living in the region, including Barbie to the Black Quebec region."
Nunavik's leaders have chosen to form their own government in their homeland since 1972.
"In 2002, the Kativik Regional Government, along with Makivik, went to the federal electoral district commission on this issue and reappeared in 2011."
"Since then the division has been expanded in 2013, adding two more communities in the south."
"The regions were re-designed, through the commission, to ensure that the population was balanced."
"In Quebec, which has a population of 100,000 people in the region, the population of Abbe-James-Nunavik is less than 85,000 people."
"While Nunavik's population was around 13,000, Nunavik was far below that of Nunavik, but its leaders have complained about Nunavik's independence from the region."
"The smallest federal jurisdiction is Labrador, which has a population of approximately 26,000 people, while Newfoundland has a population of about 80,000."
"Barbie won the Northern Quebec seat, picked by more than 11,000 people, or 40 per cent, behind the Liberal and Conservative candidates."
"Watt said he celebrated Green Party candidate Kahra Kahan-Wattley, an Inuk from Kuujjuaq, who will be the fifth elected candidate in more than 1,000 seats."
"In his speech, Watt welcomed Peck to Nunavik to visit him as soon as possible."
"" I look forward to coming together, and I appreciate his support for self-determination, as well as issues such as the implementation of the United Nations Act on the rights of Indigenous peoples, "Watt said."
"There was a lot of news for Black Quebec President Evans Francois Blanc, who won 32 seats in Quebec."
"" We expect us to support our development projects in Nunavik - through legal and economic development - and to be able to create a legal framework for a fair working relationship, "said Watt."
"" However, in the spirit of Quebec's independence, Inuit have long contributed to the national unity. ""
"Watt organized the election, although the Liberal Party does not have a seat in the current government, to allow the various parties to come together and meet with the rest of Canada."
"" Justin Trudeau has a strong government that does not have a seat, and he can work with other parties (political parties) - NDP, Black Quebec, Green, Conservative and Independent candidates - to pass legislation and bring it to the legislature, and to work on bringing it together, "he said."
"For Nunavut's newly elected MP, Mamilaaq Qaqqasiq of Baker Lake, he expressed some hope."
"" I remember the NTI meeting in Baker Lake in 1871 with Tagak Curley, "Watt said."
"At that time we were young.
"They will do a good job, Mannilaq, and I look forward to seeing you and working together as Inuit strive for self-determination at the same time, for generations to come." "
"Require the prevention of RSV in Nunavut, thousands say"
"" For Inuit, you would save money on the high rates of lung cancer ""
The aircraft for emergency management at Nunavut's Lightstone Airport is parked at Iqaluit's airport this summer when it hosts a number of flights.
"In some years, when children suffer from lung cancer (RSV, respiratory illness), they have to be sent out, which leads to the use of aircraft and medical travel."
"Dr. Anna Banerjee and her fellow teachers at the University of Toronto's School of Health went to school in 1989 for the first time this year through Changen.org at the end of September, and to have more than 1,000 signatures from those who agreed to it."
"But when this announcement was finally published, there were 23,322 names put together - and now they want to reach 25,000 signatures."
The announcement said the Government of Nunavut would protect dozens of deaths and reduce the need for health care for infants by implementing a health protection program called Pavilion for all infants under six months of age.
"Pavilion is a health protection program, though it's not a vaccination program, and it's a marketing campaign called Seané."
"It has been pointed out that in infants with lower lung health rates starting with RSV, a summary of the" RespectEd virus, "which leads to lower blood pressure, and leads to serious health problems in what is known as bronchitis."
"But Dr. Michael Patterson, the chief medical officer of health in Nunavut, told Nunatsiaq News in an interview that the Government of Nunavut contributes 11 per cent to 12 per cent of babies under the age of 2."
"" We use it more for infants at risk for RSV, and for those who support the world's submission to the RCMP, "she said."
"These include infants born to babies, under 35 weeks of pregnancy, or babies with chronic lung disease or heart disease."
"Bennett, a professor of pediatrics at the University of Toronto's Institute of Pharmacy, has published a curriculum over the last 15 years on the prevalence and cost of RSV in the Arctic."
"According to the study, she is not satisfied with the current Nunavut policy and says all Nunavut infants must receive this health protection."
"Dr. Anna Bennett, a professor of pediatrics at the University of Toronto's Institute of Pharmacy, said in a recent study that if Inuit infants were to receive a vaccination program called Pavizomib, it would have a significant impact on their lives and finances."
Nunavut's cost estimates are crucial
She said in her research that RSV is a permanent and multifaceted disease that will result in multiple air and medical travel for Nunavut's health care providers.
"The cost of health care is high: about $5,600 per prescription."
"But despite that cost, Banerjee and many others believe that this is a price cut."
"This is because Nunavut suffers from a high rate of cancer and emergency medical travel is the most efficient, responsive service."
"" We have done a lot of cost analysis that has shown that if we put more in the North, we would save money, "she said in an interview."
"The cost analysis, published in 2013, found a significant number of lung cancer among Kitikmeot infants: a rate of 389 out of 1,000."
"In their study, which took place from January 1, 2009 to June 30, 2010, they found that the cost of living in the health centre reached $57,535."
"In the Qikiqtani region, lung cancer among infants occurred in 2002 from 1,000 infants and in the Kivalliq region, 230 out of 1,000 infants."
This means the Government of Nunavut spent $5.9 million on sicknesses in the Qikiqtani region and roughly $5.7 million on the Kivalliq region for infants, which was the result of the study.
"However, as it stands, the Kivalliq had the highest percentage of lung cancer patients: $63,686."
"" For Inuit, it's less economical, because of the high rates of lung cancer, "she said."
Supervisor of Ontario Nurses Support Registration
"Inuit infants are ten times more likely to be treated at the health centre for lung cancer than" vulnerable "infants and the disease is even more severe than it is.
"Even though this is a serious problem, Inuit infants in Nunavut do not receive health care," Gladue wrote in her submission. "
"This is also the case for professionals identified in the Northern School of Health, the Canadian Medical Association and the National Institutes of Health for Indigenous Peoples."
But healthy babies in Nunavut who have completed their babies do not receive this health protection - even if they come from vulnerable communities other than Iqaluit and suffer from lung cancer.
Banerjee says that's the wrong way to do things.
"I have been working very hard.
I have shown them to the public.
"Carolyn Bennett, Jane Weber, has seen what I have written and said it's credible," she said. "
Nunavik vaccination for all infants
"And she explained, not only in Nunavut, that health care providers in Nunavik have donated the Pavilion to all infants over the past three years."
"In the Nunavut legislature on Oct. 18, Health Minister George Hickes said in response to questions from Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu MLA Pat Angnakak, that the Government of Nunavut should take a close look at Nunavik's situation."
"" We're monitoring the project, "said Hickes."
Arnakak said the RSV (RSV) has a devastating effect on families.
"" Just recently, I know the baby had to be sent to the health centre for RSV and it had a big impact on the family, especially when the baby was too young. "
But Hickes defended the Government of Nunavut's current system and said it was not the government's intention to save money by only providing it.
"This is not a legal or policy decision on the cost.
"It depends on the best health care system," Hickes said. "
Patterson repeated Nunavik's success three years ago when it started with infants under six months old.
"" We're still waiting for that figure, and if we find out that it's not going to cost us money to use the RCMP, then we would put that in place very quickly, "Patterson said."
"But in his view, there is still not enough concrete evidence to implement it in Nunavut."
"" There are two things that I don't agree with in the petition and the other one is that there is evidence that this has been done, or that there is scientific evidence for that. "
"There are a lot of people who still have questions," she said. "
The use of the RCMP in Nunavut has been a long time coming.
"In 2008, the Government of Nunavut refused to participate in the wind farm inspection of RSV, even when officials from Greenland, Nunavik and the Northwest Territories refused to participate."
A small building to be displayed in Kuujjuaq
Nunavik Construction offers small construction projects
"A small building, from Nunavik Construction Corp., was shipped to Kuujjuaq by ship this summer."
(Photo courtesy of Nunavik Construction Corp.)
The first of the small units built in Nunavik arrived on a ship to Kuujjuaq this summer.
"" I wanted to show you how good we have been building houses for the north, "said Willie Gaga, one of the founders of Nunavik Construction Corp., a residential design and construction firm based in Kuujjuaq and Nebrasville, Quebec."
"Ten years ago, Gaga, a Kuujjuaq plumber, worked as a cashier and a construction worker, had snow covered by a housing expert in Koch Jennings."
"" We started talking about affordable housing in the Arctic, "Gaga said."
"Housing in the Arctic is too expensive.
That's where it started. "
From there, they have developed the design of small housing units with a view to the Arctic climate.
Houses with metal sides and roofing with high winds are resilient and can be used for longer periods of time.
"They are designed with insulation designed for tables, roofs and roofing and they have three layers of windows to keep the temperature warm."
"They have floor heating systems, not wall heating systems, to keep the temperature in line with the rest of the building."
"" I think that's the only way to do it in the Arctic, "Gaga said."
"There are a lot of problems with the heating system and the heating system goes into one part of it.
People say their feet are freezing.
Their houses are well insulated, but they're feet high. "
The design is designed by Nunavik Construction Corp. to build a single-bedroom cabin.
(Photo courtesy of Nunavik Construction Corp.)
"Because of the design of heating and plumbing across Nunavik, Gaga is responsible for ensuring that buildings are built in a way that is designed, that everything is properly designed and maintained."
"Nunavik construction workers have a wide range of conditions with small, four-bedroom units, and a number of other options available to them."
"They can add an additional room and expand it, for example, when they're larger children."
"The building that is being advertised in Kuujjuaq is a one-bedroom house, which is about 5 square metres and 10 square metres."
The entrance is located at the end of the building with a kitchen and a living room.
It's just over your room and over the bathroom.
The power plant is located in another building that is just over there.
It took about two hours for the building to be completed to be put in place and the electrical and plumbing repairs were done.
"This building can be purchased for $228,000, for the foundation and for all the components," said Gaga. "
"Nunavik's building costs between $500,000 and $600,000, she said."
"" We're trying to build affordable housing with adequate space and inadequate access to water roads, "said Gaga."
"" I have been a plumber, a harpoon for many years and many of the repairs have been done well, the plumbing is not adequate, the heating system is not adequate. "
I have built this for many years and now we have something that would be more suitable for the North. "
"The houses that are built in Shuverbrook, Quebec, and they're built within a month, Gaga said, and they're boarded up by truck and then they're shipped by ship."
"Once we get the order and the space is on schedule for the sealift, the building can be in place by next summer."
"" In the future, if this is successful, we're looking at building a facility in the Arctic, "she said."
"But that requires a lot of money."
He added that these buildings across the Arctic would be ideal and would be very happy to be ordered from Nunavut or from Greenland.
"" We're open and we're just waiting for the people who would like to know and they're planning to build houses, "said Godfrey."
"We are prepared to help people in need of housing."
"In Canada's Arctic, sea ice is at its lowest level right now"
"We may be a month behind schedule in a year"
"" The freezing conditions are very late this year, "said Gjoa Haven resident Willie Aglukark, who took this photo on Oct. 18."
"" It's still a boat going out on the land, although it doesn't happen in Gjoa Haven. "
I have never seen it without ice in my lifetime. "
(Photo by Willie Aglukkaq)
By Justin Rudd
"This past October, Judah Sarpinak of Igloolik had to go seal hunting by snowmobile."
"When he tried to do that the following year, he had to go by boat."
"In Nunavut and other parts of the Arctic, it's the same thing."
"" This is the first time I have seen it in my lifetime, "said Willie Aglukark, a resident of Gjoa Haven for almost 40 years."
The member is correct.
"As of Oct. 15 the sea ice levels were at 5.118 million square kilometres, the lowest level since records began in 1968."
"" Depending on the location, we could do it a month later than we did last year, "said Jars Lagee, a scientist at the Geosciences Service of Canada."
But this is not the first time in a year that the sea ice is too low.
In April it was also the lowest sea ice in recorded history.
After that, July was the most recent edition of the paper.
"In August, ice conditions slowed."
"" We matched our partner at the lowest level (ice) in 2007 and 2016, but higher than in 2012, "said Walter Mayer, a senior researcher at the National Oceanic and Neanderthal Institute."
"" But we're at a lower rate than in 2012 because of the slow freezing - 2012 was a quick return to tradition, but it was a mild winter of ice. ""
"By Oct. 15, sea ice levels had dropped more than in 2012, at the time it was at its lowest level."
(File from NSDC)
The potential for sea ice depends on the temperature.
"" If there is no sea ice and the temperature is colder in the water, then the temperature in the atmosphere will get colder and the water will get colder or frozen, "said Langi."
"But Arctic temperatures in October have been extremely cold, with temperatures even warmer over the past six months."
"" It was a lot of summer, "said Mayo."
"As of April, the average monthly temperature has always been the third warmest - in the Arctic - on record, while May and Aug. are at their highest."
(Photo courtesy of UNEP)
This year's event will result in a much larger event.
"" As a result of global warming from people using fossil fuels, we have seen a decrease in sea ice levels since 1979, "said Pascal Patti, director of the GRID-Geneva, in a release issued by the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP)."
"Compared to what is happening this year in the Arctic, declining sea ice has contributed to Arctic warming over the past few years."
"According to the release," Temperatures rose to 0.5 ° C over the next 10 years, from 1982 to 2017, largely because of the effects of the solar system since the sun began to melt in 1979. "
This is twice as fast as the rest of the world. "
This summer is not the only one that has been unique.
"Even though the year-to-year trend continues, the ice is now back on track."
"" The ice is just freezing, "she said."
"In the last ten days, since Oct. 20, the sea ice has increased to about 1.5 million square kilometres, including the waters near Gjoa Haven."
"If the current freezing trend continues, 2019 may be higher than it was in 2012."
Iqaluit welcomes new fire chief
"To me this is a bit of a fun exercise"
Gord Howard became Iqaluit's fire chief two weeks ago.
"Since then he has been reading and doing a lot of research, but he said his new job is something he can do more."
(Photo by Justin Rudd)
"When Gordon Howard attended the city council's first meeting on Oct. 22 when he became president of the fire department, he didn't expect to be interviewed."
"Do you support the Montreal Canadians?"
Asked by Member Joanasie Akumalik.
"After a while of silence, Howard replied," No. ""
They're here laughing all the time.
"A week later, in an interview with Nunatsiaq News, Howard said," That's why I decided that my clients would not be heard. ""
"Hubard, who grew up in Hamilton, came to Iqaluit through our mayor, Ontario, in the community of Kaliningford near Georgetown Bay."
"Even though he has been here for a long time, he has also lived in the Arctic."
"For 10 years as an emergency health officer for the Canadian Rangers, he lived in a tent near Arviat in the middle of the winter."
"" So I understand in the snow, I understand it's cold, but it's also something that has to be done. "
He has always wanted to live in a different world and that's why I brought him here.
"And the department is in a very good state," said Howard, referring to the Iqaluit fire department's collection - some of them are very professional firefighters and some of them are just volunteers. "
That's the only thing that Howard didn't bring to Iqaluit.
As part of their experience with the fire department and emergency management - where there are hardly any other cases - it was also due to the high frequency of fires in Iqaluit.
"" The history of the department is staggering, "said Howard."
"" There's a lot of work going on here, and there's a lot of work going on there. ""
"The activities of the department are, and now Howard, the new one in that area, from water problems and lack of support, to the fires and the fire hall is too small."
"We can't change this overnight and there seems to be a lot of changes that we don't want to make overnight.
"If we continue to move forward and not backwards I would be very happy," said Howard. "
"" For me, it's a very exciting project. "
"It's a pity, we're trying to do what we know and we can do what we know now." "
"As for the first question of the city being appointed director of emergency management, I'm a Toronto assistant," said Howard with a smile. "
"It's good to see some of the people who support the fire hall in Toronto.
"I brought a flag, so we will be able to show them in our cars if they win Stanley Cup in the next 20 to 30 years." "
Neglected bedbugs have become a concern for Nunavik patients going to Montreal
The hotel manager says they do inspections but they haven't found any
This is just something you don't want to see in your living room: a bedbug.
"But in recent years, bedbugs have been seen at the Québec Boarding Home where patients from Nunavik stay at their boarding home when they travel to the city."
The sight of bedbugs at Nunavik's boarding home during medical travel to Montreal is of particular concern to patients and their families.
This photo shows a bedbug in the bed that Cecilia Toochka saw last month in her mother's living room at the Qualifier Hotel in Kirt T. Lees Duvalle.
(Photo courtesy of Cecilia Tuchukka)
"In mid-October, Cecilia Kotierk was visiting her mother at the Qualifier Hotel in Kirt Lees Duval, where she was very scared: she saw a bedbug under her bed, and she took a picture of it."
"Kochka's observation of the bed Komak told a patient from Nunavik by a security guard at the Uuluvik Boarding Home, in which there are a number of rooms, 39 in total, on the first floor when it is full."
Kotierk called her mother and told her she would never be there again.
"The hotel's president, Sadiq Abdus Noah, told Nunatsiaq News last week that he was looking after the bedbugs in the bed."
"This was a recent case where, in the midst of a series of investigations, and with a biochemist's report, they were unable to find it."
"One room study found that there was a bedbug in the bed, but they are no longer there."
Abdus Noah also posted an email that showed survivors who saw the bedbugs in the bed.
"Due to the importance of the Uuluvik Boarding Home operation, Abdus Noah said all rooms were worked on this year and are regularly inspected and dealt with if necessary."
Nunatsiaq News was unable to communicate with Nunavik's entire community health committee or the Murdoch du Québec who deal with Nunavik's health centre in Montreal on bedbugs and what to do about it.
The MNQ has sent out their concerns in an email to Abdus Noah.
"" It appears that the people who stay at the boarding home are seeing bedbugs and they don't want to stay at the hotel, "wrote George Delilah, president of Ublivik on Oct. 16."
"Can I get an update on what is and how and when the problem will be resolved?
We have to let the patients know that the bedbugs were taken care of. "
Ublivik takes care of patients clothing / condoms before they enter the facility.
There are bedbugs in Montreal: due to a lack of bedbugs, government offices were forced to shut down at the CombleGei-Fahreau last month.
"And if there were bedbugs in the North, that wouldn't be the first time, as they did in 2010 in Winnipeg."
"The bed's bedbugs are horrible: they are small, but they do not make it easy for them to eat, drink and hide after they have caught the skin."
These bedbugs have been exposed to cold blood so that the blood can no longer be thick and can no longer be sensitive to the environment.
"On the other side of the tunnel, the bedbugs pump in the blood, sometimes for five minutes, after they melt, they start looking for red blood and they want a shower."
"The bedbugs eat within five to ten days and can live a full year, in areas ranging from the bottom to the bottom, to the bottom of the bed and other hot, dark and exposed to the food they want to eat."
"The good news is that the bedbugs don't stay in a cold climate, so they end up sleeping and dying."
So you can kill your bags outside for more than two days if you don't have any heat.
"To avoid bedbugs while out on the land, check out the head of the house, look at the bottom and don't put your bags in bed."
"And when you go home, wash your clothes before they get into the room and check your bags to make sure they don't have any bedbugs."
"If you see a bedbug in a Montreal hotel, you can call 311 cities for problems."
"Baffinland's hearing suddenly recessed, with more meetings cancelled in Pond Inlet"
"Inuit have to be involved in the process.
"It has an impact on all Inuit lives," said NTI president "
"Representatives from Igloolik and Pond Inlet are listening to Aluki Kotierk, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc., in a motion to halt the NIRB's final hearing on Baffinland's project 2 expansion on Wednesday, November 6 in Iqaluit."
(Photo by Emma Tranter)
By Emma Tranter and Elaine Anselmi
"The NIRB's hearing on Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. 's proposal to expand the Mary River mine was abruptly adjourned, with two more days of hearings in Pond Inlet cancelled."
"On Wednesday, November 6, NTI President Aluki Kotierk passed a resolution calling for an immediate halt to the final public hearing and that the hearing will continue for eight months to a year."
A quiet speech was heard by a group of witnesses who looked at each other, with members looking at what Baffinland would do about the situation.
"Baffinland's team had a good stop on their face, sometimes pulling their feet and turning their backs on the table when Kotierk made his motion."
"We are concerned that the public hearing will be completed without the results of the strategy.
People need to be heard and have a good conversation.
"Anybody here would like to understand all the things that are being said and how it would affect NTI and the organizations," Kotierk said while the chamber is full of people who want to talk about it and the people. "
"It has an impact on all people's lives," she said. "
"The motion was introduced on the fifth day of the hearing in Iqaluit, just before the hour was over."
The Nunavut Impact Review Board's first agenda was set to proceed with a hearing in Pond Inlet to allow the community to participate on Nov. 8 and 9.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board approved NTI's motion, which cancelled the meeting and cancelled the Pond Inlet meeting."
"Over the course of the week, Baffinland's representatives have repeatedly expressed their plans to build a railway north of Mary River to the Mary River port."
"With the railway and other parts of the port, it would make it easier for the company to produce more than the current six million tonnes of iron ore a year that produces up to 12 million tonnes."
"But the most notable thing in the week is that Baffinland's proposal to amend its project permits to remove its disclosure limits and to create a limited export ban, 20 times the length of the railway and 176 cruise ships a year."
"The motion to adjourn the meeting was supported by all those who wanted to have a say, many of whom expressed concern about the complexities of the project."
"P.J. Akeeagok, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's president, told Nunatsiaq News that he believes the Nunavut Impact Review Board is working to ensure that" Inuit have the opportunity to ask questions on these issues "and that it" provides an opportunity for residents to voice their concerns on an ongoing basis. ""
"Akeeagok also said the motion was not expected, but it was well prepared on the last day of the meeting."
Baffinland officials look at Kotierk's motion to ban the ban.
"I think there are too many questions that haven't been resolved yet.
"In my view, if you are going to make a decision about your future, then you have to be informed and make a good decision."
There was not enough here. "
Representatives from the North Baffin communities also unanimously approved the resolution.
"" It requires more attention and research, "said Amanda Hanson Main, a researcher at the Mittimatalik Hunters and Trappers Organization."
He said the project "may have serious implications for our values and our people and our international standing."
"Some participants in the table said they were not satisfied with the Mary River project, and they just wanted Baffinland to continue its work in Nunavut, but they had too many questions and concerns about the proposed expansion."
"" What we hear is that it's too flooded and inadequate, "said Peter Ivalu, who represents the Hamlet of Igloolik."
"All the information has to be translated.
Everything has to be transparent. "
"The Government of Nunavut also agreed with the motion, which points out that there is too much disagreement among those who want to have a say and that this is just a setback."
"The Government of Canada also supported the resolution, but said the Nunavut Impact Review Board has the right to make a decision on how long the ban will take."
"Through their legal team, Baffinland said they were opposed to the motion for a total of eight months and were opposed to the motion before it was announced."
"" All of those who came to this hearing were ready to proceed as of November 2, "said Brad Armstrong, the lawyer for Baffinland."
"No one said they didn't plan to start that day.
No matter which topic was discussed, it was not possible to deter them from coming here. "
"Megan Loehr, the deputy head of recycling for Baffinland, said the delay would have an impact on" immediate problems "with the project."
"" But we will do everything we can to retain and protect 3,000 Canadians from employment, of which 476 are Inuit. "
We have to know that Inuit will work with us.
"We have to take the time to figure out what the potential problems are with the project," Dr. Hail said. "
"While the Qikiqtani Inuit Association says it can't help in Phase 2, Akeeagok said it will continue to work on the Inuit communications project and the project's economic potential will remain limited."
"We're not opposed to Mary River.
We are working with them.
We own the Inuit Nunangat.
"We support Inuit employment," she said. "
"We've spent a lot of money and a lot of work to make this project profitable for a long time.
"So with that in mind, we have to find a balance."
But there is none at this time. "
Akeeagok also said the community's uncertainty about the railway's impact on our caribou is crucial.
"" As an Inuk, these issues have a profound impact on our cultural rights. "
"It was very clear to the elders that when they were here they were not only thinking about themselves, it's also a part of our future."
That's one of the things I'm passionate about.
"My decision right now is not only for now, but for the next generation."
Do I leave them with a stronger foundation than I did before?
"That's basically the basis of decision making, no matter what culture you have," she said. "
"In its resolution, the Nunavut Impact Review Board provided an opportunity for interested parties to submit written submissions by way of Nov. 15."
"From there, the Nunavut Impact Review Board will provide a written submission to the resolution and the length of time required to wait."
Nunavut MLAs approve amendments to the Income Tax Act
"Our government is working hard to bring back carbon pricing as a way of making money"
"MLA Adam Main asked Finance Minister George Hickes about Bill 26, An Act to Amend the Income Tax Act, during the legislative assembly on Wednesday, November 6."
Nunavut MLAs have recently updated Nunavut's Income Tax Act to amend the carbon tax.
"The changes, which were read for the third time on Wednesday, November 6, included an increase in the personal allowance from $13,325 to $16,000."
"This means that tax payers will make more than $3,000 a year before they have to pay the Nunavut Income Tax."
"The other change is an increase in the cost of living tax from $1,200 to $1,500."
"This means that if tax payers make more than $60,000 in their work they will receive an additional $300 in income taxes."
And the territorial business tax rate for small businesses has dropped from 4 per cent to 3 per cent.
"" Our government is working hard to bring back carbon pricing as a revenue source, "said Finance Minister George Hickes."
"The federal government's proposed carbon tax came into effect in Nunavut on July 1, in an effort to make fuel prices more efficient - which would have increased by 5 per cent per litre - the Government of Nunavut introduced a carbon rebate program, which reduced fuel prices by 50 per cent."
"In a speech on the proposed income tax reform, Nunavut MLAs agreed that carbon tax revenues must be returned to Nunavummiut."
But there was no consensus on how best to do that.
"Adam Lightstone, the MLA for Iqaluit-Manirajak, expressed concern that, with the reduction in income tax rates, the government would have to rely on carbon tax payments for government operations."
"My understanding right now is that we need a lot of federal funding and our own revenues are only 10 per cent to 15 per cent of our total contribution.
"We really need to use our own revenues to operate," said Lightstone. "
"Why is the government trying to use the carbon tax to subsidize government operations?"
"" The carbon tax rate that we're developing is only a fraction of what the Government of Nunavut has done and the company has tried to make it fit for our own carbon tax, "replied Hickes, adding," I don't think we're going to be satisfied if we just put the carbon tax in place for other revenues and don't get the money back from the consumer. ""
Lightstone also said that an amendment to the Income Tax Act would be the best way to bring it back to Nunavummiut.
"They also said that the carbon tax will go to the Government of Nunavut to ensure that it meets its intended purpose, reducing Nunavut's carbon footprint."
"I'm very concerned about climate change and it's something that needs to be done now and in the future.
"Having said that, I have brought forward some ideas for our government on how to develop or develop a strategy for Nunavummiut to reduce energy consumption," said Lightstone. "
"Why is it that these ideas have not been considered and proposed to be used in the carbon tax system?"
Hickes responded by saying each department - responsible for specific projects - is listening.
"Some departments have been working with departments, including the Qulliq Energy Corporation, which is responsible for the development of renewable energy LEDs for all street lights in Nunavut, which was approved in advance of the meeting."
"In 2019-20, the GN expects to raise $12 million in carbon tax payments."
It would be broken down as follows:
• $2 million to the government for higher heating costs for public housing and government buildings, such as schools and health centres.
• $3.6 million for the new Nunavut carbon rebate.
• $6.2 million to be returned to Nunavummiut and Nunavut for work this year as a result of amendments to the Income Tax Act.
But for Lightstone it's not a mathematical formula.
"" When you look at a 50 per cent rebate from a fuel store and an additional 50 per cent of the carbon tax, why is there so little room for energy conservation activities? ""
"Hickes responded that the federal government's rate of carbon tax increases each year over the next five years, and that while a 50 per cent reduction in fuel storage facilities will continue, the next year's increase in tax rates will generate more revenue for other projects."
The bill received second reading on November 6 and received third reading that evening.
"Even though that was the case, Lightstone, the other day his son told the legislature that he had only slept for three hours and got out."
"In a subsequent email to Nunatsiaq News, Lightstone said he was not satisfied that he was going to vote on the legislation."
"" I don't agree with the circumstances of Bill 26, so I don't think it's a perfect fiscal policy, "wrote Lightstone, who was going to make that statement in the House."
"The purpose of the carbon tax is to reduce the consumption of fossil fuels and propane from industry and to address climate change.
"If this legislation includes energy related tax credits for individuals and businesses who want to save money, or if the Government of Nunavut had developed a strategy to help people purchase and develop energy efficiency programs, I would have been very pleased to have been able to approve the legislation." "
Lightstone is not satisfied that the legislation was passed.
Hickes said he is very interested in hearing ideas on how to use carbon tax revenues to reduce Nunavut's carbon footprint.
"I strongly encourage the public to write a letter to MLAs or to the government with a view to the potential for action in this area."
"The number of visits to Nunavut was more than 34,000 in 2018-2015"
Government of Nunavut releases Annual Tourism Report for 2018-19
Passengers to the Une-Oceanen research vessel near Judea Tigers Island are located on the northwestern coast of Rankin Inlet.
(Photo by Emma Tranter)
"From April to Sept. 2018, more than 51,000 people visited Nunavut from outside the territory."
"This is the result of the Nunavut Annual Tourism Report for 2018-19 by the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which was tabled in the Legislative Assembly earlier this month."
"The same people who came here spent a total of $271,383,000 on registration and travel costs."
The report does not say how much has been spent other than travel.
"On average, there were approximately 16,750 visitors from Nunavut who were non-residents from May to October 2015, according to that year's Nunavut exit survey."
"The Qikiqtaaluk and Kivalliq regions were the most visited from July to September, 2018."
"The Qikiqtaaluk region received a total of 95,600 visits, of which just over half (53.2 per cent) went to Iqaluit with a budget of $75.1 million."
Pond Inlet and Pangnirtung are the second and third communities visited in the Baffin region.
"In the Kivalliq region, Rankin Inlet received 33,600 visits and spent $68 million, followed by Baker Lake and Arviat."
Cambridge Bay was the most visited community in the Kitikmeot.
Images to the U.W.un research vessel from Judea to Kimmirut in Aug. 2019.
"And in 2018, 3,404 cruise ships arrived in Nunavut within two and a half years."
"The cruise ship operators spent $388,351 on community service, the report said."
But the weather and ice conditions affected more than half of the ships that wanted to visit Nunavut.
"The department received a list of eight Inuit cargo operators with 23 passengers leaving the territory from July to September, 2018."
"The ships brought 3,404 people together."
"Just over half, at least 59 per cent of the cargo landed in Pond Inlet from Nunavut."
"Iqaluit is the second largest cruise ship in Canada at 8.3 per cent, followed by Qikiqtarjuaq, which received 6.1 per cent and Grise Fiord at 5.9 per cent."
"The cruise ship visitors to Pond Inlet did not only spend a total of $245,565, but these visitors were the most visited within 100 hours of the 189.5 hours of cruise ship visits in Nunavut, according to the report."
"Cambridge Bay, Gjoa Haven, Kimmirut and Kugluktuk were not visited by cruise ships in 2018."
"According to the report, both Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven were expected to receive seven visits, but both were cancelled due to weather."
"The report noted that Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven had an impact on the cancellation of cruise ships, resulting in a total loss of about $25,000."
"The information contained in the report came from the exit survey in 2018, which examined cruise ships operators and other visitors to Nunavut last year."
"In 2018, the Government of Nunavut had to respond to community concerns from Pond Inlet and Clyde River about the number of cruise ships going out on the land."
"In its report, the Government of Nunavut consulted with the Federation of the Arctic Research Vessel operators and all shipping companies to ensure that they did not go through this route."
"It also said that while tourism is a private sector development, it requires government support for development."
"In Nunavut, that means training and employment for Nunavummiut in the tourism industry."
"There has always been a lack of business people and skilled people in various tourism sectors.
"In the absence of trained professionals, the tourism industry will not be able to find its potential."
"Training has been known to be a key component of the tourism industry in Nunavut," the report said. "
"The firm, the Government of Nunavut's Inuit Firm Training Program, provides training to 12 people a year who will work for Inuit passengers on the vessel as part of the research, the report said."
"According to the report, all of the GN's tourism inspectors are Inuit."
"" As has been the case, tourism data is often scarce, resulting in uncertainty about the size of the economy and its potential to benefit Nunavut's economy, "the report said."
"The department has contributed 115 projects to the tourism sector in 2018, totalling $1,272,822."
These projects include the following:
"• Nunatta Sunakkutaangit Museum, Voice of Nunavut exhibition: $50,100"
"• Buy Galaxy Tour: $48,383"
"• Hamlet of Igloolik, Launching Igloolik Art: $81,785"
"• Arctica, documentary production: $99,872"
"• Nunavut Development Corporation and the Winnipeg Art Gallery for a new store: $225,000 over three years"
"Mary River: If it's an issue of wealth, let's make it a reality"
MLAs should demand Baffinland's investment disclosure
Participants sit in Iqaluit at Katannilik Hall on the fourth day of the Nunavut Impact Review Board's public hearing on Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. 's railway expansion proposal for Mary River.
"Nunavut's approach to regulatory compliance with industry development, which began in 1993 with the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, has not been a work in progress except in a wide range of areas, ranging from environmental and social economic studies at the Mary River iron mine over the past decade."
"This was posted in Iqaluit earlier this month, when the Nunavut Impact Review Board held its final public hearing on the $900 million railway expansion proposal from Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. for a sudden stop in confusion and uncertainty."
The final day of the seven-day meeting scheduled for Pond Inlet was cancelled.
"At the same time, with Baffinland costing billions, the multi-faceted iron ore mine is in a precarious state."
"At the time of drafting this, the NIRB had yet to make a decision on a resolution from NTI that, if approved, would delay it from eight to 12 months."
"And Baffinland Iron Mines Corp., the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, said it could not immediately support or approve a railway expansion."
"But the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's Business Development Centre, the Qikiqtaaluk Corporation says it fully supports this project."
Arctic Co-operatives Ltd.
This is a complex process.
"As for Baffinland, the vice-president of renewable energy, Megan Loehr, said the company is only concerned about the project's viability, saying," We will do everything we can to maintain and protect the Canadian population of 3,000 jobs, 476 of which are Inuit. ""
"Last week, Baffinland told Nunatsiaq News that it had eliminated 490 southern contractors and 96 contractors from Inuit labour."
That brings us to the biggest unanswered questions about the project: the Mary River project.
"Baffinland says the mine's economic potential is uncertain unless regulators allow it to build a 110-kilometre railway to Milne Inlet and raise its production to 12 million tonnes a year, which would allow it to operate 176 times under the auspices of the Eskimo Sound."
"The problem is, they haven't released a public report to help them out."
"And more recently, more professionals stopped asking questions about it."
"Last year, although there was nothing to show for it, it didn't stop the stakeholders from saying what they believed."
"For example, in the summer and fall of 2018, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association activated the Baffinland Iron Mines Corp., protecting them from the NIRB."
"On Aug. 31 of that year, the Nunavut Impact Review Board decided that the federal government would not approve an earlier and smaller year of production - from 4.2 million tonnes of iron ore to six million tonnes."
"So Baffinland and its partner, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, started a lot of work."
"In a few weeks, a letter was sent to the chief negotiator, Dominic LeBlanc, then the federal minister of the Arctic, calling on the board to reverse its decision."
Why?
Money.
"The Inuit organization said it is surprised that the Mary River mine's capacity, which will require significant donations and contributions, will cost more than $20 million under the new Inuit impact and benefit agreement."
Ottawa agreed.
"Given the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's concerns about funding for the mine, the federal government approved Baffinland's proposal last year."
"" We are also concerned about the long-term viability of the Mary River mine and the knowledge of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association's concerns that the economic development project would be subject to a development proposal, "LeBlanc wrote in a September 30, 2018 letter signed by Crown-Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett."
"In other words, the most important member of the public - the federal government - is committed to the importance and importance of economic development in this area."
And they did that even though there was nothing in the budget to show for it.
This is a big problem.
"Because if it's true that the project is not profitable, the MLA for the lord should be interested in seeing if what he says is true."
"Throughout the Mary River project, Baffinland's staff - as required - must present a number of potential benefits to these environmental impact statements."
"But in terms of the project's financial viability, I don't think the NIRB really wants to release a public registry."
"For example, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has recommended that a lengthy financial statement obtained by the Department of Fisheries and Oceans in the Arctic" does not apply "and should not be made public on the board's public registry."
(The document is still on our website.)
The Nunavut Impact Review Board recommended that this document be used after it was released - and it was also removed from Baffinland's request.
"By the way, Baffinland wanted to submit, individually, a shorter financial statement that said why Mary River could generate more revenue through a larger production."
The desire to be independent may be a problem.
At least Baffinland has made some changes to that.
"In response, the NIRB made a different decision, which makes no sense."
"If the federal government is going to make a significant investment, then the Crown Agency Council must also do so."
"Of course, the Nunavut Impact Review Board and other regulators should try to get another piece of that kind of evidence."
They have to be very committed.
"As well as Baffinland's land lease, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association."
"And while such concerns may arise elsewhere, the federal government should amend the federal legislation governing the Nunavut Impact Review Board's procedures, the Nunavut Planning Commission and the Program Review Act, to clarify how financial information must be handled in the future."
"While there are still many unanswered questions about Baffinland's final expansion proposal, related to the railway's impact on caribou, the impact of cruise ships on whales, the project's lack of Inuit employment, and much more."
"While many of the questions range from the Arctic Bay to the south railway proposal, which Baffinland approved in 2013 to build, and 18 million tonnes a year, it is not clear why Baffinland was asked to build in 2013 when it was allowed to produce 18 million tonnes a year."
It is not yet clear why Baffinland has failed to implement this plan.
But the biggest question is how this project will be sustainable.
Child and Family Services Increase in Nunavik
Healthy economy meets Quebec's promise
Children and teachers were present at the Akausisarvik Early Childhood Education Centre in Hudson Bay in 2016.
"At that time of the year the Quebec government added funding to support members of the children's group, based on family income."
"On Nov. 7, 2019 all of those contributions were cancelled, with childcare costs set at $8.25 a day."
(Photo courtesy of Nunaviks.nu.ca)
By Elaine Anselmi
"The economic restructuring in Quebec has resulted in additional funding for family and child services in Quebec, including Nunavik."
"Quebec's economy was recorded at about 2.4 per cent in 2018-19, which is 0.6 per cent higher than previously thought."
"In this case, Quebec's finance minister, Eric Jarrett, announced on Nov. 7 that $857 million will be used to meet the projected shortfall in previous years."
Two major events will take place that have already been envy of the child welfare and child benefit system.
"" The renewal of Quebec's economy and investment has demonstrated Quebec's success in this area, "Jarrett said in a news release."
"The economic growth in Quebec provides us with an opportunity to reduce the deficit and deliver on the government's promises."
"As for this program, Quebec is eliminating the additional funding for family childcare that was adopted by the former Philippe Québec Liberal government in 2016."
"Through this program, an additional contribution to child care is made on top of the day's income."
The subsidy was added to $15 a day for higher income earners.
"For families who make less than $50,000, there was no increase in the subsidy."
"The Nov. 7 news release will bring back Quebec's daycare fee of $8.25, which will no longer be used to pay for all income earners."
This new funding in Nunavik will be used through the Kativik Regional Government program for Nunavik's child care system.
"According to the Quebec news release, the new payment will be for this year, and the Montreal Post reported that it will be retroactive to January 1, 2019."
"Next week, the head of daycare services at the Kativik Regional Government, Juli-Ann Peck, was not informed of how or when those payments would start in Nunavik."
Premier Francois Lego's government first decided to slow down the process of phasing out additional funding and completely eliminate it by 2022.
The sound economy and the recent budget surplus of $4 billion in the 2019-20 fiscal year is accelerating.
"As well as removing the cost of childcare, the Quebec government is moving forward with a child benefit increase that was promised in 2021."
"As of January 2020, the Quebec government said families in the territory will receive an increase of $779 a year."
"This subsidy is tied to the basic income, with a minimum of $1,000 deductible to a maximum of $2,515 a year."
"This new rule is about child equality, less that the Liberal party can afford to pay for a higher rate of child benefit than the oldest child."
"" Today, we will complete the implementation of a wide range of programs to support Quebec residents, "Jarrett said."
"We're getting more money back to Quebec at a faster rate."
Former Nunavut MLA Peter Kattuk dies from long-term illness
"Peter was respected for his commitment to providing services and environmental support"
"The Sanikiluaq operation was erected in front of Nunavut's legislative assembly on Wednesday, November 20, on the evening, in the light of former MLA and former minister Peter Kattuk, who died in the morning of a long illness."
"The Sanikiluaq community centre was erected on Wednesday, November 20 in front of the Nunavut Justice Centre in Iqaluit, in the opinion of Peter Kattuk of Sanikiluaq, who died this morning from a serious illness."
"Kattuk, 69, a well-respected MLA, mayor and community leader at home, joined Nunavut in the early days of February 15, 1999, when voters in Hudson Bay voted for the first Nunavut legislature and held their first meeting on April 1 of the same year."
"Peter Kattuk (left) accompanied Nunavut's former Commissioner Peter Irniq on April 12, 2000, when Kattuk was sworn in as Nunavut's minister."
"At the beginning of the legislative assembly, Kattuk was appointed Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth on April 12, 2000 to replace MLA Donald Havioyak, who resigned from his position."
"On December 17, 2001, Kattuk was reappointed to his role as Minister of Community and Government Services, which he held until 2004."
"And in 2004, Sanikiluaq voters again voted for Katannilik Hudson Bay, as an MLA until 2008."
"" Peter was the representative of Hudson Bay for eight years on two terms and I send my condolences to his family, "Nunavut Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a news release."
"Born on June 2, 1950, Kattuk spent many years working in Sanikiluaq on environmental issues, serving as mayor and community leader."
"In the early 1990s, he was a member of the Sanikiluaq Impact Review Board, which gathers local knowledge about the impacts of a massive hydroelectric project built in northern Quebec due to the impact of sea ice and sea ice on the Belcher Islands."
That's the result of a report titled "Hudson Bay Voice: Traditional Knowledge for Inuit and First Nations in the Hudson Bay Area."
"As mayor of Sanikiluaq, Kattuk also spoke out against the now-obsolete Kuujjuarapik hydro project proposal."
"Following that, Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut and Hudson Bay Working Group, called the Nunavut Hudson Bay Interagency Working Group."
"The organization, created by the Government of Nunavut, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. and the Municipality of Sanikiluaq, is monitoring progress in the Belcher Islands on the second hydroelectric dam proposal, which has also been shut down since then, along with the rivers of Eastmain and Rupert River."
"And in 1996, Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Social Development Council, a body created in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement."
"Peter Kattuk speaks in the Nunavut legislature on February 19, 2008, at the end of his second term as MLA for Hudson Bay."
"Koonoo Tattuinee, the president of Arctic Co-operatives Ltd., recalls Kattuk" s history, "and he completed the marine life of Shea Rhines of Sanikiluaq's food supply."
"Paul Okalik, then Nunavut's premier, appointed Kattuk as minister of culture, language, elders and youth in April 2000, saying Kattuk introduced Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit before it was too much information."
"" Peter was involved in the study of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit long before that information was available, "Okalik said in a news release in April 2000."
"Before he became prime minister in 2001, Kattuk was responsible for the" junk "that made him laugh."
That's what happened when NTCL shipped gasoline to Nunavut and destroyed snowmobile engines in the Baffin and Kivalliq regions.
"During his time in charge, Kattuk took a different approach: the Government of Nunavut's decision not to use NTCL and repurposed the supplier to Woodward's Group in Labrador."
"He ran for re-election in October 2017, but he came in third place after Allan Rumbolt."
"" Peter was respected for his commitment to career services and environmental goals, "Mikkungwak said in his statement."
"Nunavik's new member says he intends to apply for housing money, implemented by UNDRIP (United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples)"
Sheppard Barbie plans to visit New Year and seek an Inuktitut interpreter
A member of the legislative assembly, Sheppard Barbie, won the Abbey Jay-Z nomination in October's federal election.
(Photo courtesy of Sheppard Barbie / Facebook)
A newly elected member of Nunavik's legislature wants to hear from Inuit leaders about their concerns.
A member of the legislative assembly, Sheppard Barbie, won the Jaypeek-Jay-Nunavik nomination in the fall federal election with 37.7 per cent of the vote.
"While Black Quebec members speak more French, he said he was looking for an Inuktitut interpreter to work with him."
"" I want to be very clear about the needs of Indigenous communities, "she said."
"So far, Barbie said she is aware of two critical urgent needs in Nunavik in the areas of health and housing."
"Health care is a provincial jurisdiction, but it's a federal subsidy," said Barbie. "
"In order to increase the level of health care funding, the federal government must consider how it allocates funding."
Barbie has worked in the health care field for more than 30 years.
"In the Black Quebec campaign, the party said the province needs 10,000 housing units over the next decade."
"In this case, Barbie has been talking about a number of different designs," she said. "
"" If we want our new Liberal government to move forward, then we have to find a solution, "Barbie said."
"This new member may not be seen in Nunavik, but he hopes to attend the next annual general meeting of Makivik, which will be held in March."
"Following the election of Barbie, Makivik President Charlie Watt issued a news release inviting Peck to visit Nunavik as soon as possible."
"" I look forward to meeting with you, and I welcome your support in our efforts to support and implement the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, "Watt said."
A dialogue with Inuit leaders would help him in his role in helping Makivik achieve its goal of becoming a business.
"Barbie strongly supports Bill C-262, which would bring the country's law into line with the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples."
"There are two different pieces of legislation that would replace him, Ontario MLA Romeo Saggianas."
"This was introduced in 2018, Bill C-262 was banned by Conservative Senators this spring but the Liberal government's representative in the Senate, Senator Peter Hunter, said if re-elected the Liberal government would have to implement the legislation."
"" It is important for me to continue to work on Bill C-262 in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and the work of my predecessor, Romeo Kagan, "Barbie said."
"I will continue to support this project and I have committed to helping Romeo in the future strategy.
It is unacceptable that Canada does not have this system in place until 2020. "
Trudeau government 2.0: Don't expect too much
"If you have a good idea don't expect too much"
"Jane Weber, then Indigenous services minister on March 23, 2018, along with Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami President Natan Obed, said the federal government would eliminate Inuit Nunangat by 2030."
Less than a year later he resigned as a federal councillor.
Or did you find out during the federal election campaign that any of the leaders didn't really talk about the issues that are important to Nunavummiut and other northern regions?
That's no surprise.
"Most important legislators would like to think that the majority of Canadians, for the sake of the south, don't have enough votes to even talk about the Arctic that the majority of Canadians in the country have never heard of."
"The Liberal government made this known, as they fell behind and released a long overdue northern and northern policy framework the day before the campaign began."
"During the campaign, Indigenous issues, many of which brought northern concerns to the attention of the people, were also ignored."
"With a new reduction in Justin Trudeau's government, and a board of directors sworn in for their role this past November 20, it is likely that they will continue to do so without much care."
This is one of the indicators.
It is because of a notable commitment to the North since the Trudeau government became prime minister in 2015: to eliminate at least 50 per cent (half) of tuberculosis cases in Inuit Nunangat by 2025 and completely eliminate it by 2030.
"This included an initial contribution of $27.5 million over five years, which will be" settled "by four members of ITK."
"But he was said to have smelled like a broken promise. From that point on, he was the TB eradication specialist for the federal government, Jane Weber, the former Indigenous services minister, said in a statement."
He resigned from Trudeau's legislative assembly last March 4 after complaining about Trudeau's poor performance in Jody Wilson-Ripley.
He did that less than four days before Trudeau was scheduled to come to Iqaluit to apologize for Canada's inappropriate treatment of people who had tuberculosis in the 1950s and 1960s.
"Since then, they have been silent about the Arctic's tuberculosis epidemic."
"Even though there was a lot of campaigning, there wasn't much to do with it."
"And so far, the fight against tuberculosis has stalled."
"For example, in Nunatsiavut, where tuberculosis rates between 2006 and 2016 were recorded at 248.5 people per 100,000, health officials surveyed only one community."
"That's what happened in short, in 2018, when there was tuberculosis and there was a 14-year-old boy who died while he was in the hospital with Jane Johnson."
"In Nunavik, 313 people were diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, which was accompanied by tuberculosis in Inuit Nunangat, with 234 cases reported in the 100,000 cases."
"But it appears that there haven't been any community surveys in Nunavik since 2018, when Wilbur made the announcement."
"Indeed, in Nunavut there was a recent population survey after the tuberculosis outbreak, when Stephen Harper and our Conservative prime minister, long before Trudeau's Liberals were elected."
"For Nunavut, there were about 670 people diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, up from 171.8 out of 100,000 and there has been some work done on it."
(One unaffected individual is Inuvialuit Nunatsiavut.)
"At that time, there was no real TB reported between 2007 and 2016."
Tuberculosis is a chronic disease due to a lack of resources.
That's why it's often referred to as that.
But it's true.
"If people don't have enough food and adequate housing, tuberculosis can develop."
"On the other hand, poverty in Cape Dorset, in which their 12-week tuberculosis screening program ended in May."
In 2016 the unemployment rate was 27.3 per cent.
"In 2015 the average income of people aged 15 and over was just over $18,933."
"Of the 370 units, 120 units were in dire need of repair."
"Under Canada's overcrowded housing system, 140 units of 370 units were deemed" unaffordable "under the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation Act."
This means that there is a lack of bedrooms based on the size of the population.
There are also a small number of people in Canada who live in less subsidized housing.
"It's no surprise that over the last 20 years, tuberculosis has been declared a crisis in Nunavut and other parts of the Arctic."
And there is no hope that tuberculosis can be eradicated in these communities unless major changes have been made to increase the number of housing units and make them better.
"But during the last election campaign, Trudeau's legislative assembly did not offer any public housing, only to reiterate its 2016 and 2017 budget commitments."
"In this case, they can't even be blamed for violations of their language, nor did they have any concerns about what they said."
"This is also a reflection of what has been done in Canada's national emergency management system, where tuberculosis rates in Inuit Nunangat are 300 times higher than those of non-Indigenous people born in Canada."
"In Nunavut, it could be worse."
Last year's report found that one in 100 infants born in Nunavut may suffer from this disease.
"While they are not particularly concerned about the urgent nature of the disease, what concerns does Trudeau's Liberal government have about other issues, such as mental health, community housing, education and more?"
"If you have a good idea, don't expect too much."
"If you don't, prepare for a crash."
"Please note: the number of cases of tuberculosis continues to rise from the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami's Inuit Tuberculosis Reduction Framework," released in November 2018. "
The Cape Dorset data comes from the Office of the Auditor General of Canada's report that was compiled in the 2016 census.
New Year will see new RCMP members and equipment for Nunavik's RCMP
Police and the use of body cameras has been put in place
The Kativik Community Constables will launch a new police and surveillance system in early 2020.
(Photo by Elaine Anselmi)
"After months of poor staffing, the Kativik Regional RCMP can now see its efforts to recruit more RCMP officers," she said. "
Police Chief Jean-Pierre Laroz attended the council's meeting of the Kativik Regional Government on Nov. 26 to provide an update.
This included the graduation of 10 new Kativik Community Constables from the Ontario Police College in the same week.
The hiring process also included former employees who retire from senior positions who were given the opportunity to talk about work at the Kativik Centre.
"Due to poor staffing, the Kativik Regional RCMP has been policing the Québec RCMP, from Sirté du Québec, to relief workers."
"In September, 20 Quebec police officers were stationed in Nunavik."
"Quebec's police force has been declining slowly as the Kativik Regional RCMP attempts to recruit local police officers, and Loos said in early 2020 that they may no longer use Quebec's police force."
Cultural awareness training begins
The Inuit cultural awareness training centre was also posted on the community's RCMP website on Nov. 18.
"The training was organized by the Kativik Regional RCMP and Laval University and included information about Nunavik, Inuit, culture, and police history in Nunavik."
"This is a three-hour training program and when it is completed it is evaluated on a case-by-case basis, which is outlined in the job application process."
"" This training is intended to help the Kativik Regional RCMP select a culture of respect, "Larmons said."
"The second training program is nine hours long and requires training for all RCMP officers," said Larmons. "
The project is expected to be completed by the beginning of the new fiscal year.
Surveillance equipment will be required for RCMP officers
Another increase was made by the RCMP and members appreciate the need for security cameras in the work of RCMP officers.
This is a pilot project and they're using six cameras right now.
"" This work was started by Nunavik's call for the Kativik Regional RCMP to be more visible in their work, "Largs said."
"The Kativik Regional RCMP's goal is to encourage Inuit to participate in their work and to build a more harmonious society."
Kuujjuaq MLA Jobie Takiapik hoped that these cameras would help people who have been in conflict with the RCMP.
"We hear from the RCMP about inappropriate activities and those who say they don't want to speak out.
"The police are nervous," Takiapik said. "
"The use of these body cameras is necessary."
"He added that if only one or two police officers were not harassing Inuit, that's a big impact, and it's going to cause a lot of concern to the entire RCMP."
"It is the view that these cameras, which take pictures of what the police are doing, can be used in the near future."
Lenz said the cameras will be in effect in January.
He added that the abuse and inappropriate actions will not only be offered to the RCMP.
"" I just cancelled a police officer last week because of our program in Nunavik, "she said."
"We don't want to have too many police officers in Nunavik."
Close to Nunavut talks about renewable energy in the Arctic
"Representatives from Greenland, Canada and the United States discuss ideas and findings"
"Bruno Pereira, the president of the Qulliq Energy Corporation at the Arctic Empowerment and Communities Summit in Iqaluit, November 22, 2019."
(Photo courtesy of the United States Consular General)
Renewable energy experts from the Arctic gathered in Iqaluit on Nov. 21 and 22 to consider and share their findings on the Arctic project.
"Participants from Nunavut, the Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, Greenland and the United States reported the drop in the number of cases involving different communities."
"The gathering, called Optimism Operations, Interfering New Technologies and Engage Stakeholders (Enhancing Operations, Incorporating New Technologies and Engaging Stakeholders), was organized by American officials in partnership with the Government of Nunavut and the Qulliq Energy Corporation."
"Bruno Pereira, the president of the Qulliq Energy Corporation, said the meeting brought awareness to each other of the problems."
"" As for the use of renewable energy in our communities, we are very interested in what other jurisdictions do, and we will find out how well they have accomplished or fallen, "Pereira said."
"Pereira also said that while it's important for representatives to get together to talk about fuel conservation, there are a lot of activities in Nunavut that are happening here in Alaska."
"There are some communities that have access roads so there are not too many people in Nunavut communities.
"But like most of us, there are challenges, in terms of space, being able to work in communities, so we can see similar challenges." "
"Chris Roos, the executive director of renewable energy in Alaska, said the Alaska energy subsidy has been a boon to renewable energy development."
"We have now been able to build 80 communities that have been able to use renewable energy in addition to diesel fuel.
"So we think we know how beneficial this is," Roos said. "
"This subsidy, designed to promote renewable economic development, also helps Alaska reduce its energy costs."
"Roos said in northwestern Russia, the five communities are working together to develop wind energy and they are using it for energy."
"" Now there is a consolidated knowledge of how to manage and manage wind energy and help each other in setting it up, "Roos said."
"In Alaska, like Nunavut, home energy bills are high."
Roos said the community is using wind energy not only for electricity but also for heating.
"What they've done is put small heating systems in people's houses that are covered in diamonds that look like carpet.
"When there is more wind, they go into the heat, and they have put in a small amount of data that can be collected from heat and energy providers," Roos said. "
"" Due to the ability to keep the atmosphere warm, it can be kept warm. "
"They can be shut off or burned in a home that is acceptable, and if they fail they can have alternative heating systems." "
"But in Greenland, the installation of wind turbines has been difficult, according to News Corp's Eric Hague, a technical advisor for renewable energy in Nuuk."
"Cold temperatures and high visibility make it difficult for wind farms in the south to use the Arctic," said Hague. "
"Hague also said the two wind turbines were well designed in other parts of the north of Greenland, but they failed."
"We can also say that in Greenland we have chosen a more realistic approach to resource development.
"Even the two wind turbines were designed to test 200 different locations and the other one would be tested in 150 locations," she said. "
"One of the wind's arm fell, on the other hand, because the fuel was too thick for the cold and caused engine damage, Hague said."
"During the 2019 federal election campaign, three political parties said the election of Nunavut's diesel fuel will be dissolved by 2030."
"While it may take some time to develop a renewable energy program that will work in the Arctic, Hague said the reduction of fossil fuels is urgent."
"" We have to do something to stop the use of fossil fuels, because of climate change, because there is something wrong with it now. "
This is a legal matter because you have to have a fuel free program but you don't have any money.
"It's a good job," she said. "
Pirara said it is an interesting experience to talk to Nunavut's adjacent residents in the Arctic.
"" I think that's something that needs to be looked at differently, to look at how we can move forward on recycling. "
Some Inuit have taken advantage of the technology and have encountered problems in the south where they have been able to do so but they can't do it in the Arctic.
"If we do become financially viable we will be able to track those problems," Parra said. "
The Government of Nunavut must engage Inuit in the development of the Education Act: Nunavut Tunngavik Inc.
"This is an important policy change that will affect thousands of Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut"
"Aluki Kotierk, president of Nunavut Tunngavik Inc., speaks during the Standing Committee on Legislation's consideration of Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act."
"By Aluki Kotierk President, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc."
Subject: Minister Joanasie's Letter to Nunatsiaq News on Bill 25
"Minister Joanasie wrote a letter to Nunatsiaq News on Nov. 25, 2019 quoting from discussions between the Department of Education and Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. on Bill 25, indicating that these discussions were conducted in a spirit of mutual respect and offered NTI the opportunity to voice their concerns."
The minister's view of encouraging NTI to participate in the public hearings and NTI's hearings is that the Government of Nunavut sees it as a working relationship with previous meetings.
That's not the case.
"Inuit have the right under Article 32 of the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to participate in the development of social and cultural policies, as well as the development of social and cultural programs and services, including governance."
It's a different kind of foundation.
Bill 25 proposes to amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act to provide for a framework for policies and the administration of Inuit language instruction.
The fundamental change to the policy will affect many Inuit children and Inuit children in Nunavut.
"In this case, Inuit have the right to participate in the development and development of the system."
NTI did not have an opportunity to participate in the development of policy proposals outlined in the proposed Bill 25.
"It's not just a violation of the government's mandate as outlined in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, it's a history that demonstrates that the parties have reached the goal of implementing a strategy that better incorporates Inuit goals and objectives."
"NTI has been working on legislation with the Government of Nunavut, such as the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Official Languages Act and the Wildlife Act."
"Knowing that it can proceed, NTI informed the premier and the newly elected government to manage the collaborative and collaborative approach to Inuit priorities, including education, language and culture."
"The Department of Education did not submit the proposed legislation to NTI until Aug. 31, 2018, in which the department submitted a list of planned community consultations."
NTI had less than a week to review Bill 25 and prepare and prepare for the Nunavut consultation tour.
That's not a working relationship.
"The department coordinated the consultations with the right eye, and did not seek solutions or accommodations to address concerns raised by Inuit, NTI and other organizations such as the DEA (DEA) and the Coalition of Nunavut District Education Authorities (CDEA) were also present."
"I encourage the Minister of Education to work with the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to ensure that clear commitments are made under Article 32, and that the department must manage with due diligence, commitment and commitment and adopt the honour of the Queen when it comes to sharing with Inuit."
"NTI's belief that a rewrite of the Education Act to allow for Inuit participation in the program must change the way the department operates, and in general recognition of Inuit rights," she wrote. "
Aluki Kotierk
"President, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc."
