5th Assembly
Official Report
Monday, March 19, 2018
Pages 603 – 684
Speaker: The Honourable Joe Enook, M.L.A. Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Hon. Joe Enook
Charlie Audlakiak
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Ministers’ Statements 603
Members’ Statements 606
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery 614
Oral Questions 616
Tabling of Documents 638
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters 639
Report of the Committee of the Whole 681
Third Reading of Bills 682
Assent to Bills 683
Speaker’s Statement 683
Orders of the Day 684
Monday, March 19, 2018 603
046 – 5(1): Nunavut’s 2018 Youth Award Recipient (Quassa) 603
047 – 5(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Centre Sewing Program (Iqaqrialu) 604
048 – 5(1): Red Certificate Program (Savikataaq) 604
049 – 5(1): New Funding for Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie) 605
050 – 5(1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Sheutiapik) 606
096 – 5(1): Happy Birthday to Fifth Grandchild (Rumbolt) 606
097 – 5(1): Empowering Kitikmeot Youth (Qirngnuq) 606
098 – 5(1): Tobacco Legislation (Lightfoot) 607
099 – 5(1): Increase Teaching Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 608
100 – 5(1): Concerns about Larga Boarding Home (Plug) 609
101 – 5(1): Congratulations to Rosaline Ejangiaq (Netser) 610
102 – 5(1): Praise Mike Honouring Canada under 150 (Nakasuk) 610
103 – 5(1): Budget Reflections (Maine) 610
104 – 5(1): Two More Elders Sent for Care (Towtongie) 612
105 – 5(1): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers for Search and Rescue (Attendance) 613
106 – 5(1): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie) 614
123 – 5(1): Legal Aid Bill (Hickes) 616
124 – 5(1): Status of Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 617
125 – 5(1): School Strike Policy (Lightfoot) 618
126 – 5(1): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Nakasuk) 619
127 – 5(1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Netser) 620
128 – 5(1): Update on Medical Travel Office (Qirngnuq) 622
129 – 5(1): Income Support Policies (Towtongie) 623
130 – 5(1): Mine Training (Speaker) 624
131 – 5(1): Support for Medical Staff (Maine) 626
132 – 5(1): Insurance Policy for Government Property (Hickes) 629
133 – 5(1): Expansion of Educational Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 630
134 – 5(1): Grants and Contributions (Maine) 632
135 – 5(1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 633
136 – 5(1): Early Childhood and Early Childhood Services (Hickes) 634
137 – 5(1): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts (Maine) 636
029 – 5(1): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Mott Report from North Ireland Mining Re: Mel Diamond Project (Speaker) 638
030 – 5(1): Correspondence from Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four-Door Garage (Netser) 638
031 – 5(1): Correspondence from Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Runway Extension in Repulse Bay (Netser) 638
032 – 5(1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 639
033 – 5(1): Choices Made under Supplementary Retiring Allowances (Speaker) 639
34 – 5(1): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker) 639
015 – 5(1): Extension of Question Period (Maine) 632
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee 640
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 644
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 680
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Hon. David Akeeagok, Hon. Patterk Angnakak, Hon. Jeannie Iqaluk, Speaker Joe Enook, George Hickes, Hon. David Akeeagok, Hon. Paul Kusugak, Hon. Paul Rumbolt.
>>House commenced at 13:33
Speaker (Hon. Joe Enook) (interpretation): Mr. Quassa, can we say the opening prayer, please.
Speaker (interpretation): Good afternoon, Premier, Members, Nunavummiut who are listening to the radio broadcast and watching the televised proceedings, welcome to your committee.
We will proceed immediately.
Premier of Nunavut, Premier Quassa.
Minister’s Statement 046 – 5(1): Nunavut’s 2018 Youth Award Recipient (Quassa)
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good day to my fellow residents of Igloolik, my colleagues, and all Nunavummiut.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Donna Maine-Kimmaliardjuk for being awarded the 2018 Youth Award in Winnipeg.
She is the first Inuk medical practitioner to become an Inuk.
Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was born in Chesterfield Inlet and is the first Inuk cardiologist to be born in Chesterfield Inlet.
This is the fourth year of a six-year program at the University of Ottawa.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was admitted to the Baffin Regional Hospital in 2014. He is the only registered cardiac doctor in Canada.
In 2016, he became a member of the Aboriginal Affairs Advisory Committee for HIV/AIDS, which represents Inuit.
During her tenure as a Member of the Legislative Assembly, she promotes Inuit societal values and Inuit societal values.
Mr. Speaker, the Order of Excellence Award represents the highest honour of indigenous peoples to their people.
The Order of Canada celebrates its 25th anniversary in 2018 and honours over 350 indigenous, Inuit and First Nations Indigenous Peoples, and First Nations, which demonstrates achievement.
The Order of Nunavut celebrates cultural diversity in Canada.
This year’s awards ceremony will take place on March 23 in Winnipeg.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Kimmaliardjuk on his achievement.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the Minister of Health and Social Services for his dedication and dedication to Inuit and Health and Social Services. This is a testament to our youth here in Nunavut.
I know that when I talk about my congratulations to Dr. Kimmaliardjuk, I’m sure that her endeavours will be very important to us.
Minister of Justice, Ms. Iqalukjuak.
Minister’s Statement 047 – 5(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Centre Sewing Program (Iqaqrialu)
Hon. Jeannie Iqalukjuak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The inmates participating in the Fur Production and Design Program are wearing parkas, mitts, sealskin pants, rubber bags, and a dryer.
Rosemary Angugaaq is run by Sandy, a well-respected elder and sewing talent worldwide.
He recently travelled to Norway to teach seal skins.
She was a student of Nunavut Arctic College’s Fur Program and started the Fur Program with the Literacy Council of Nunavut.
Rosemary is helping inmates develop culturally appropriate, healthy, and culturally appropriate healing methods for Inuit language and culture.
Mr. Speaker, the Sewing Program will work with and support the On-The-Land Camp Program. Inmates learn how to hunt and learn how to prepare skins and food.
These furs and skins will be used in the Sewing Program.
The programs are intended to help inmates reintegrate into their communities. By the end of their sentences, they are encouraged to become more active in a non-criminal manner.
Mr. Speaker, I recently visited the Rankin Inlet Healing Centre and I was very pleased to see the impact of the cultural programs, especially on community elders like Rosemary Chan.
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Minister’s Statement 048 – 5(1): Red Certificate Program (Savikataaq)
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I say “good day” to the people of Arviat.
Mr. Speaker, the program includes certified heavy equipment, heavy equipment, and mechanics.
In September 2016, the Heavy Equipment Training Program, which includes three components, was announced in Nunavut.
This allows Nunavutmiut to take on-the-job training courses. It is also a certificate program that is known by the Nunavut Apprenticeship Program.
In November of 2017, Nunavut received the Red Seal Certification Program for heavy equipment, loaders, and mechanics.
As part of the Heavy Equipment Training Program, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, the graduates of the Provincial Professional Studies Certification Program demonstrate their expertise and skills and are able to work anywhere in Canada.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that we have been able to present the Order of Nunavut to Canada for the prestigious achievement of the Order of Nunavut.
Minister of Education, Mr. Joanasie.
Minister’s Statement 049 – 5(1): New Funding for Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Good afternoon, my colleagues, the people of Cape Dorset and Kimmirut.
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to announce today that the Department of Education will be providing O&M funding to qualified daycares.
Mr. Speaker, the increase is a result of the three-year Business Plan that my department has developed for early childhood education and childcare programs in two phases since the agreement was signed in September 2017 with the federal government.
Mr. Speaker, this current fiscal year will see eligible daycares receive increased funding at a minimum of $1,918.80 with a maximum of $45,494.80 depending on the number, type, and location of these daycares.
As long as daycares do not increase their childcare costs and additional costs they will be eligible to receive similar funding in the next fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, this funding will not only help daycares manage their operating expenses, it will also help families with childcare costs without increasing the costs.
Mr. Speaker, we are proud to be able to provide this funding to support daycares and families.
I also believe, and I am sure we share in the belief that this funding will have a positive impact on the stability of both funding and daycare costs.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Sheutiapik.
Minister’s Statement 050 – 5(1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Sheutiapik)
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik (interpretation): Good day, Nunavummiut and my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, mining is the cornerstone of Nunavut’s economic development.
My department is committed to supporting the mining sector so that Nunavummiut can benefit from these activities.
Mr. Speaker, a national event will be held in Iqaluit for the 21st annual Nunavut Mining Symposium from April 9 to 12, 2018.
This conference provides an excellent opportunity for people to explore the next generation of Nunavut’s mineral exploration and mining sectors to ensure that our communities know and participate in mining and exploration in Nunavut.
It is anticipated that this year’s Mining Symposium will continue with every successful attendance in Nunavut and we expect more than 400 participants.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to welcoming the mining industry, Inuit organizations, exploration companies, communities, and other stakeholders to this important conference.
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would like to encourage all Members of the Legislative Assembly and the public to participate in this public event on April 11.
Mr. Speaker, this is not just an opportunity to get some good ideas, but it also reflects the impact of search and rescue. I will ensure that all parties involved respond appropriately.
Members’ Statements. Member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
Member’s Statement 096 – 5(1): Happy Birthday to Fifth Grandchild (Rumbolt)
Mr. Speaker, five years ago to this day, the former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly rose to announce the birth of my first grandchild. I now have five grandchildren.
Happy birthday, Jayden.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member’s Statement 097 – 5(1): Empowering Kitikmeot Youth (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
What I will be talking about is a good way for our youth to think about and plan for the future.
I rise today to share good news with my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to inform the House that Inuit youth from across the Kitikmeot will be gathering in Cambridge Bay next week for the 2018 Kitikmeot Youth Skills Gathering.
Mr. Speaker, this gathering provides an opportunity for Kitikmeot youth to get together and discuss their priorities and concerns with youth.
This includes:
Mental health;
Youth facilities;
Abuse;
The importance of learning about Inuit history, Residential School Solutions and Reconciliation Programs; and
The protection of the Inuit language and culture continues.
Mr. Speaker, participants from Taloyoak are:
Judy Karoo;
David Tungilik;
Harold Paniyuk;
Louiverne Olikatalik; and
Crystal Mitchell.
Participants from Kugaaruk are:
Becky Maktuk;
Loretta Rose Arvik Qingaq;
Christine Doriana Qinguk;
Chantel Kanayuk Qirngnuq; and
Pauline Illuittuq.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in wishing them the best in wishing them the best of luck in their reunion.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightfoot.
Member’s Statement 098 – 5(1): Tobacco Legislation (Lighthizer)
Mr. Lighthizer: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to address concerns that have been raised by my constituents regarding the legalization of marijuana.
I just received a letter that said, “My family here in Iqaluit are in a public housing unit next year.
In the last couple of years we have had to move from smoking, we have had to move from smoking because the smell, the smoke coming into my house is very strong.”
The letter goes on to state that “I am deeply concerned about the effects of smoking on my children. I put my children first and others in this situation.”
Mr. Speaker, as residents of Iqaluit and my family, we share condominiums.
Mr. Speaker, the effects of second-hand smoke have on non-smokers.
For a long time, you don’t smoke it. You can smell it. It’s a sickness that has been known by the government and it has been passed in the House by the Government of Nunavut and it has been passed in the House to make sure that people don’t smoke.
As a father and a child, I don’t want them to be affected by these kinds of health hazards that include tobacco and marijuana vapours.
As my colleague from Pangnirtung pointed out, the member asked the Minister of Health about the health risks associated with marijuana.
In conversations with my constituents, many of them share similar concerns.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that when you’re dealing with issues like this, you have to be flexible and balanced.
The federal government’s proposed decriminalization of the Tobacco Control Act is just a few months from now.
I would like unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement today. Are there any nays?
Mr. Lighthizer, please proceed.
Thank you, my colleagues.
Under this legislation, elders will be able to possess and smoke marijuana. However, the government will have to develop a policy on how to regulate the use of marijuana in the community.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Rankin Inlet North, Chesterfield Inlet, noted last week that the Government’s own research and results have clearly indicated that there is a concern with the agriculture and acquisition of public housing units and condominium units.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that when this legislation is introduced in the Legislative Assembly, it will need to clearly address these concerns and I look forward to the best possible resolution for my colleagues.
Before we proceed, members will note that our colleague, Mr. Akoak, is absent from the House due to illness and is absent from the House today.
I wish Mr. Akoak a speedy recovery.
Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Member’s Statement 099 – 5(1): Increase Teaching Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say “hello” to the people of Baker Lake and all Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage our government to increase training opportunities in Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Baker Lake’s rapidly growing population will be extremely important when we begin to provide more training and employment opportunities for Baker Lake residents.
Mr. Speaker, Piqqusilirivvik operates programs in Baker Lake.
This could be expanded so that the public can have a better understanding and experience of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit.
Mr. Speaker, the idea of establishing a university in Nunavut has been expressed, and Agnico Eagle Mines has indicated that they would be willing to support such a move.
I think it would be best if we put it right in the middle of Nunavut because Canada is right in the middle of the country.
Mr. Speaker, as one of my colleagues pointed out, it’s very important that we take these issues as quickly as possible before they pass.
Government tires rotate very slowly, but at the same time we have to encourage and encourage whenever something comes up in front of us.
Mr. Speaker, this is the beginning of the Fifth Assembly, and I too would like to see us take a big step forward.
Expanding training opportunities in communities such as Baker Lake would be a good step forward.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Member’s Statement 100 – 5(1): Concerns about Larga Boarding Home
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good afternoon, colleagues, Kuglukturmiut, and Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage the government to more closely monitor the day-to-day operations of medical boarding homes.
Mr. Speaker, my constituents have raised a number of concerns and concerns that may have been addressed some time ago.
Food problems and garbage bins are often broken down for months.
Mr. Speaker, it is important that the government ensures that services paid for by Nunavummiut are delivered.
I understand that the boarding homes have to accommodate a lot of people on a daily basis but it is also important however that they are comfortable and well taken care of.
Mr. Speaker, it is unclear whether boarding homes will be part of the review of the Medical Travel Policy.
I look forward to seeing the results of the review and the recommendations that will be made to improve the services and conditions of the boarding home.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Member’s Statement 101 – 5(1): Congratulations to Rosaline Ejangiaq (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Rosaline Ejangiak of Repulse Bay.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, a young graduate of the Canadian Academy of Education and Culture, Language, Elders and Youth Achievement Award.
Mr. Speaker, the Harnessee Elder National Post Secondary School Scholarship is a scholarship that is given to high school students even though it was a very difficult time for them to succeed.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ms. Ejangiaq for her courage and dedication to continuing her education.
Many of our young people face challenges and challenges in completing their post-secondary education.
I ask all members to join me in congratulating her on her achievement. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Member’s Statement 102 – 5(1): Praise Mike Honoured Canada under 150 (Nakasuk)
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you.
Good afternoon, my colleagues, my relatives, and the people of Pangnirtung.
I rise this afternoon to congratulate a constituent of mine from Pangnirtung who was recognized by Dennis Patterson.
I would also like to congratulate an 18-year volunteer for search and rescue in Pangnirtung, Poosie Mike, who has worked for the Search and Rescue Organization for 18 years.
The last name on my list is Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
Member’s Statement 103 – 5(1): Budget Reflections (Maine)
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say “good day” to the people watching the video, Inuit and Qallunaat.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share some observations and recommendations on the government’s financial management system.
Mr. Speaker, for those of us who are new here, the last couple of weeks have been a learning experience and experience.
Mr. Speaker, as Chair of the Regular Members’ Caucus of the Legislative Assembly, I would like to thank all of my colleagues for the opportunity to work together since the beginning of the new Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say that we made a strong public statement on Friday that the Legislative Assembly will no longer accept or accept and that the government must respect its own procurement policies.
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. My colleague from Iqaluit-Tasiluk introduced a very important motion on Friday, which we will move forward with when the House reconvenes its spring sitting.
Mr. Speaker, we are a non-governmental government and this is not always a functioning jurisdiction.
For example, as I mentioned last week in my opening comments, when I was dealing with the college’s capital estimates, the government listened to our concerns and even made significant changes to the budget.
I look forward to seeing more of this happening in the weeks and years ahead, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, over the last few weeks, Members of the Legislative Assembly have asked a lot of questions on a daily basis.
I think it’s fair to say that we have set a target and it’s clear that we need to do more research on government spending.
It’s not enough if we just count our revenues.
I would like unanimous consent to conclude my statement, Mr. Speaker.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement today. Are there any nays?
Mr. Maine, please proceed.
Mr. Maine: Thank you.
Mr. Speaker, I am talking about measuring outcomes.
Mr. Speaker, this information needs to be made public in the Legislative Assembly so that we as elected Members of the Legislative Assembly can make informed decisions, and should any funding be increased, decreased, or decreased, or eliminated, because we have limited resources.
Mr. Speaker, I will use the following examples.
I think it’s fair to say that we can agree that the government’s administration of the Income Tax Rebate Program for harvesters is not enough to support harvesters.
The Department of Environment, which administers the government’s Harvester Support Program, needs to carefully review its programs and how it can adjust its targets for harvesters to support the cost of fuel.
Mr. Speaker, I will also take this opportunity to highlight some of the government’s grants and contributions programs.
As we all know, the government has spent tens of millions of dollars on development and promotion.
We are aware of the value of the loans that have been made to commercial businesses.
We know who gets the money.
We don’t know what the purpose of this funding was.
We don’t know how many Inuit hired from that fund, we don’t even know what the money was used for.
Mr. Speaker, as you know, I can only speak to this issue for a long time, but I’ll leave it at that.
In addition, I want to see a clear picture of the budget operations of the Legislative Assembly and I look forward to working with all of my colleagues to strengthen our budget in support of all communities and constituents.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Member’s Statement 104 – 5(1): Two More Elders Taken Out of Care
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, residents of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet, I rise today to pay tribute to our eldest, Annie Tatty, who is travelling to Ottawa by air.
Also one of our oldest people, Amarok, as I stand today in the House, is sent to Gjoa Haven because there is no elder in Rankin Inlet.
I want to be heard by the Member for Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet.
As soon as I was elected in November, when I was looking at the budget for the Department of Health and Social Services, I asked the minister: where are the plans for the establishment of an elders facility in Rankin Inlet or in Nunavut?
I was told by the Minister of Health and Social Services that all of us, as MLAs, care for our elders.
At the Pond Inlet session, this issue will be brought up.
I am waiting.
A couple of days ago I rose when we were dealing with capital estimates and I didn’t see it, it was set aside for an elders facility.
I was told that I was not allowed to talk about this because I had to resign.
However, I was grateful to our Chairman, Allan Rumbolt, who told me that I could continue with my passion towards an elders facility.
Now I stand up for myself as an elected official because I am not acceptable.
Sending elders south is not acceptable.
In order to be a good Member of the Legislative Assembly, we have told our elders to be proud of them and to send them outside of Nunavut.
Member for Amittuq, Mr. Qauniq.
Member’s Statement 105 – 5(1): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers for Search and Rescue
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thought I was forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my pride in my fellow residents.
The search and rescue teams work very hard to search for the people of Nunavut.
They only use their own transportation.
I rise today to congratulate the Hall Beach Search and Rescue Team: Chaired by Kyle Issigaitok, second place was George Innuksuk, and co-ordinated by Martha Gibbons Tupik.
Another elder, Abraham Ullaraq, is an elder.
As I stated, he is the first person to go out and do a search and rescue. He is an elder.
Our elders tell the truth.
We don’t think that the future is going to be created.
Now I’m on this side of the House. Although I do disappoint myself, I think I should have listened again.
This is not going to happen to the young people, so when you go out on the land, be prepared.
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to recognize the Igloolik Search and Rescue Team. They had a meeting this week in Hall Beach and now spring is upon us, so I wish everyone a safe trip.
With that being the case, Mr. Speaker, if you are travelling, please use SPOT devices and ask the elders where I go. If I go, I will catch up.
Things like that.
I rise today to reiterate that the Department of Community and Government Services has one snowmobile and they have been requesting a response from the Department of Community and Government Services.
I would like to see more support provided to search and rescue organizations.
That’s it.
The last name on the list for South Baffin, Mr. Joanasie.
Member’s Statement 106 – 5(1): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie)
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The Cape Dorset High School Sam Pudlat School will be hosting this event and anyone else will be invited to learn music or songwriting skills.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to the Cape Dorset Choir. I would also like to thank the Canadian Theatre and the support of the Hamlet of Cape Dorset.
There are no nays.
Member for Quttiktuq, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize four people in the Gallery.
He is the first Federal Parks Officer in Nunavut. He is Jenna Fern and her staff and always takes care of me and our children, my wife, Carol Akeeagok.
I would also like to thank my sister, Naomi Kok Kuluguq.
Another employee of the Legislative Assembly who came to Iqaluit to attend school. She stays with us as our daughter. She always takes our daughter to school and I am very proud of her. Please join me in welcoming Jayden Natanine.
Maybe I’ll give you a little bit of background.
When I was a child, I was still a child…
…I was expecting a seal for the first time in a lake.
I don’t think there were many people who were expecting a seal pup in a lake, but we were on a sandy island.
They helped a lot and I was my mother and father.
I would like to thank them for coming here.
Mr. Uttak and your spouse, welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My parents in Wager Bay, my mother is now a park. All of us were given pictures and I recognize you very much and thank our eldest and youngest.
I was staying in Igloolik and Theresa Uttak gave me a cup of tea and Louie Uttak. Thank you for your excellent food and I will be staying with you again.
Thank you very much.
Welcome to the Gallery.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Mr. Mikkungwak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naomi Cox Kuluguqtuq and Carol Akeeagok, who are my relatives.
Naomi is from Grise Fiord and I don’t have that many relatives every day.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize and congratulate my husband for being here, Andrew Nakashuk.
Welcome.
Mr. Nakashuk, welcome to the Gallery.
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery. I have no more names on my list.
We will move on in our orders of the day.
We will start with the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
Question 123 – 5(1): Legal Aid Bill (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice.
Mr. Speaker, as I indicated to my colleagues over the last couple of weeks and weeks, I have raised the issue of referees’ training and standardized training.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask the minister if, as a government, he will be introducing legislation for the Western Premiers.
Minister of Justice, Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqalukjuak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker and I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
As of today, the Government of Nunavut doesn’t have a Code of Values and Ethics.
Mr. Speaker, the department is well aware that we have hired a number of companies to work in our communities, such as health centres.
We are currently in the process of reviewing the policy for establishing a Nunavut Business Credit Corporation.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As the minister said, he was one of the last provinces in Canada that doesn’t have a private penny policy. We want to make sure that we have the private sector that has the ability to be accountable and provide professional services.
Mr. Speaker, in every region, we have passed legislation on this issue.
I guess my next question is: once they’re doing a review of the Public Service Act, will a legislative proposal be tabled in the House?
Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqalukjuak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Hickes.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
Mr. Speaker, I would just like to take this opportunity to note that the Department of Justice has oversight responsibility for the RCMP. Does the Law Enforcement Division work with the Department of Community and Government Services to coordinate the contract if the Government of Nunavut has a contract?
Hon. Jeannie Iqalukjuak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The regulations or policies are prepared by the Department of Justice or any other department in drafting policies, so we try to involve our department from the beginning.
I don’t have that information in front of me, but I can look into it and get back to you.
Question 124 – 5(1): Status of Clean-up in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
I would like to follow up on some of the questions that I asked the minister last week regarding the clean-up of the contaminated site in Baker Lake.
In one of his responses to me, the minister indicated that a “final report” would be prepared and submitted to the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
Will the minister commit to providing copies of the report to both the Hamlet Council of Baker Lake and as the MLA for the community?
Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation, Minister Iqaluk.
Hon. Jeannie Iqalukjuak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, Mr. Mikkungwak, I can commit to doing that.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
Mr. Speaker, I would be pleased to hear that the Qulliq Energy Corporation would be willing to work with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean up the remaining site. Mr. Speaker, I would be happy to hear that news for the hamlet when I return to the community next week and I encourage the hamlet staff and the QEC to meet with their colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I don’t think that would be possible because the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s headquarters are located in Baker Lake.
The minister indicated that the Qulliq Energy Corporation has already spent $1.68 million to date on the clean-up.
Can the minister clarify how much it would cost to clean up the remaining site?
Minister Iqaqrialu.
Hon. Jeannie Iqalukjuak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) The total clean-up project would be approximately $10 million. The Power Corporation has that kind of money that I mentioned earlier since the creation of Nunavut and the federal government is responsible for cleaning up the site.
We have been very interested in working with the Hamlet of Baker Lake to clean up the current contaminated site.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
As I noted in my questions last week, the federal and territorial governments have not finalized the rates yet.
Mr. Speaker, I am in support of the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s position on the damages caused by the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s failure to comply with the Affordable Energy Fund when it was under the federal government’s responsibility.
Will the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation commit to working with the Minister of Justice to review and clarify legal options that may be open to this issue?
Hon. Jeannie Iqalukjuak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Yes, as the Minister of Energy and Justice, we will work together to resolve this issue.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightfoot.
Question 125 – 5(1): School Strike Policy (Lighthizer)
My questions are for the Public Service Act.
Over the past few years, the Public Service Annual Report has been tabled in the Legislative Assembly on the Public Service Annual Report of the Public Service of the Government of Nunavut concerning the use of the Public Service Act.
Unfortunately, the 2016-17 annual report did not include this information.
Will the minister provide the Legislative Assembly with that information?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
It seems like the member wants us to go through the annual report and I’m sure that we will be able to table it at that time because it’s published throughout the year.
I don’t know if it’s going to be there, but I can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Lighthizer.
I would just like to ask the minister if he can provide that information to the House as to how many employees took advantage of the FANS program in 2016-17.
Minister Akeeagok.
Speaker (interpretation): The question has been taken as notice.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Question 126 – 5(1): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Nakasuk)
Mr. Nakasuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today are for the Minister of Community and Government Services.
Mr. Speaker, I have asked the minister about the old Pangnirtung Health Centre that is no longer usable after the new health centre was installed and opened.
Although the old health centre has not been used for a long time, it remains closed.
My question for the minister is: does the minister have any idea of what’s going to happen with the old health centre?
Minister of Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
Hon. Paul Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank my colleague for that question.
When these old buildings are no longer being used by the Government of Nunavut, when they are no longer being used by the Department of Executive and Intergovernmental Affairs, questions arise as to whether other government programs would be used.
The old health centre, which was built in 1975 in Pangnirtung, went through the same process.
The Department of Health no longer wants to use it.
We did consult with various governments and we did not hear from anyone interested in it.
According to the Government of Nunavut’s policies, we are now making plans to see if the hamlet would like to see it transferred to the Hamlet of Repulse Bay.
If they don’t want it, then we would go further to the communities that don’t have any income.
There is a process that goes through the GN’s disposal process.
That’s where we are at right now.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Nakashuk.
If I understood the question correctly, the communities have been asked if they want to start taking over these positions or what is the status of that?
Hon. Paul Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We haven’t heard any requests from the government.
At this time, we are in the planning stages to see if the hamlet would be interested in this project. At this time, we are in the planning stages to see if the hamlet would be interested in this project.
That is where we are at right now.
Your final supplementary, Ms. Nakashuk.
I thank the minister for his response.
I don’t know if the hamlet or the hamlet would be interested, but if it doesn’t work from there, what happens when the old government buildings are no longer being used?
I thank the member for that question.
There are four types of holes that we use.
For example, when the old Pangnirtung Health Centre was no longer wanted by health professionals, we asked if they were interested in other government departments.
They didn’t want it so we will look into it to see if the hamlet wants it.
Those are the types of things that we use when we go through that process.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Question 127 – 5(1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation) I am a seal.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
I would like to start off today by saying “good afternoon” to them. Ever since I have been here, I haven’t said “good afternoon” to them, so I say “good afternoon” to them.
We will be going home soon.
Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that some of Nunavut’s most vulnerable people have to travel south for treatment, away from their families.
Mr. Speaker, I agree with you that when you are visited by a family member, it really changes.
The Department of Family Services’ Travel Policy is on the government’s website dated June 2013 and came into force on March 31, 2018.
It is my understanding that the previous Minister of Family Services has agreed to change the Family Travel Policy.
Can the minister indicate if any changes to the Department of Family Services’ Client Travel Policy have been made since 2013 and, if not, will it change after March 31 of this year?
Minister of Family Services, Mr. Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I can’t speak on behalf of the minister myself first, but what I can say is that the policy will be in place until the end of March 2018 and it will remain in place until the new changes are made.
I haven’t heard of any Department of Family Services staff working to change the policy.
If it needs to be changed, we can look at it and see if it needs to be changed, but we can’t change it unless we review it carefully.
If there is a need for a change that seems to be beneficial to the clients and the government then we can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The Department of Family Services’ Family Travel Policy states that an elder in the care of the Department of Family Services, who is in the care of the Department of Family Services, can be visited by two family members or guardians on an annual basis.
Can the minister confirm whether or not this policy has been amended to allow two visits per year to occur?
Two return tickets, two of them can travel at the same time or one can travel twice.
Just to be clear, there are two return tickets per year for one client.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Will the minister commit to considering changing the family travel policy for adults in care?
The policy will expire very shortly and at the end of the day, we will have to review it, but I can’t commit at this time until we review the whole policy.
I’m sure there’s going to be a review in terms of all the travel that the Department of Family Services pays for is medical travel.
We will have to work with the Department of Health and Social Services to make sure that the policies are adhered to, but I can’t commit to anything else at this time because the Medical Travel Policy will expire soon and I’m sure that the contents of the policy will be reviewed very carefully.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Question 128 – 5(1): Update on Medical Travel Office (Qirngnuq)
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Mr. Speaker, from time to time, a number of my constituents come to my office in the community to seek support for their medical travel.
Mr. Speaker, the minister often tells the House that Nunavummiut can call the Patient Relations Office if they have concerns.
Mr. Speaker, language and where you come from is a barrier.
Can the minister tell us what other avenues the Office of Patient Relations can be made aware of?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
Hon. Pat Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand your concern.
I don’t have that information with me at this time. He also has an email address and a fax number.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) I don’t know if I answered the question, but I don’t know which way I’ll ask it.
Mr. Speaker, the Information and Privacy Commissioner has raised concerns about privacy concerns, and 
The Ombudsman has a form that identifies complaints or concerns.
But if you don’t have a fax machine, they can’t send it on their own. They don’t have all the computers and they can’t take pictures of what’s going to be put on the computer, the e-mail.
Can the minister clarify why the Office of Patient Relations is not allowed to send a fax to the Office of the Legislative Assembly?
An Hon. Member: Good question.
Ms. Angnakak.
That’s a very good question.
I think it’s because the fax machines are getting smaller and smaller out there. With the rapid advancement of technology as a government, we’re starting to use more technology than paper.
According to my substantiation sheet, the government has a website that can be viewed at www.patientrelations@gov.nu.ca. Every community has health centres.
If you want to fax the application forms, you can send them out. There are also government liaison officers in every community.
They can be sent by fax to our headquarters.
If the patient relations office didn’t have a fax machine, I would be able to find out why.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Question 129 – 5(1): Income Support Policies
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to follow up on some of the questions that were asked by the Member for Kugluktuk regarding the Income Support Program.
Mr. Speaker, the minister indicated that the Income Support Program Review Division is one of the programs to make sure that income support clients receive a signed program.
Can the minister describe how exploring a project will lead to good selection when it is clear that it does not have a mandate?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
In regard to the Workers’ Safety and Compensation Commission, I would think that if there is no job available, then it’s useless, but sometimes they can get a job or a short job.
Perhaps, if it was the appropriate time for the search and rescue team to go to another department at the appropriate time while there is work to be done.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Towtongie.
This income support is a policy and not a Government of Nunavut policy.
If it was an Act like an Arts and Crafts Act then we wouldn’t be able to do that as Members of the Legislative Assembly.
What I see is when a young person doesn’t have a job to do on their own, and they ask them to sign a blank cheque on a monthly basis, and that’s what they’re going to do every month, it’s kind of embarrassing and touching, and I’m sure that the income support recipient has put themselves down because they don’t get a job.
Can the minister clearly explain what specific Nunavut-specific policies are available for outpost camps?
Right now it is a binder that is not geared towards Nunavut in the north.
The policy is for Nunavut only.
The Nunavut Land Claims Agreement applies only to Nunavut.
The Income Support Program was reviewed and the policy changed.
At this time, there is still money available for income support and the Child Tax Deduction for Nunavut income support recipients.
He signed a petition and I would like you to see me again because I feel for them.
If you don’t have a job, then you won’t be able to get a job. However, we have to make good choices. However, we will look into this further.
Question 130 – 5(1): Mine Training
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to direct my question to the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that when the mining sector tries to create jobs and take care of the environment, the benefits come from it.
I guess my question today will be in regard to apprenticeship programs.
Last year, you tabled the 2017-18 Main Estimates for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation and it states that there was $200,000 involved in the Nunavut Mine Training Program.
Can the minister provide an example of how much money was spent in 2017-18?
Mr. Speaker, I hope I was understandable.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank the member for his question.
In terms of the Mine Training Program, what I can say is that it doesn’t include all the details of how it was used.
The department is working with the Department of Family Services, Nunavut Arctic College, the federal government, the mining industry, and Inuit organizations to develop a number of programs to prepare Nunavummiut for opportunities in mining. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Harper.
Coming back (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that answer.
Is it possible for the Department of Finance to increase or decrease the budget for the 2018-19 fiscal year?
Minister Sheutiapik.
I can’t respond to that question at this time, but I’m sorry if I can go back to the member’s question about how the $200,000 has been spent.
The Kitikmeot Corporation Apprenticeship Program, $61,000 was used for this program, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association Literacy Program for the Baffin region, $60,000, and the Hamlet of Arviat’s Employment Readiness Program of $78,000.
Thank you for clarifying my question.
Mr. Speaker, as you may have noticed last week, I tabled a number of mine-based projects called the Northern Erie Mining Company, which is called Northern Quebec.
They will be working near Hall Beach this spring.
I wonder if the minister and his department can work with the Northern Air Company, not just the Northern Air Company but with the mining companies, to see how they can benefit from training opportunities in the High Arctic.
Mr. Speaker, Hall Beach is an outpost camp and they’re going to be getting a lot of money. However, I would like to thank the people of Hall Beach.
You also stated that you will be supporting the mining industry.
What I’m trying to ask, Mr. Speaker, is: will you be able to deal with the funding that you have identified for the Mary River project?
There is Mary River in the Baffin region, there’s Kivalliq region, there’s Kivalliq region, there’s Gold Mine in the Kitikmeot.
Will these issues be dealt with properly?
For example, as an Inuk, if I wanted to pursue a higher career, how would I qualify for training and how would the Department of Economic Development and Transportation be able to assist me?
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank the member for raising a good question because ED&T is not responsible for that.
There are inter-departmental partnerships with the Department of Education and the Mine Training Division, and it’s also important to recognize that the mining sector varies from community to community. We need to take that into consideration.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Oral Questions.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
Question 131 – 5(1): Support for Medical Staff (Maine)
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health and Social Services.
First of all, I would like to state that my question relates to many communities, not just my community.
I’m sure this is happening all over Nunavut, especially with our nurses and health professionals.
Mr. Speaker, if they know, one of the reasons why they are overworked in English is because they don’t have enough jobs in English. They have to fill one nurse.
The reason for the lack of staff is because of the lack of staff and because of the lack of staff, there is a lot of work to be done.
It seems obvious that this causes poverty.
I hope I was understandable because I am speaking in Inuktitut, even if I was understood.
If I say it in English, Mr. Speaker, the number of employees is increasing. Due to the lack of staff, the workforce is getting tired and the workload is increasing.
My question for the minister is: can the minister tell the House what steps his department has taken to provide additional support to health care workers in communities that have a lot of work to do?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
I thank the member for that very important question.
The issue of staffing the health centre is very important and we have been working very hard as a department to make sure that we don’t have a shortage of staff at the hospital.
We would like to see that happen, but we do have a shortage.
I know that yes, I know that the nurses are exhausted.
Our department does its best to do what it can.
We just did that in the community. When the nurse is tired, we sent more nurses to provide support.
The other information that I have is that the person who sends the nurse out is when there is a lot of work to do.
When a nurse does something, whether it’s on vacation or sick leave, or a nurse in that situation, we look at where we can get an escort from within the community.
In terms of recruiting nurses, we don’t want to decrease the number of nurses in Nunavut.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Maine.
Mr. Maine: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his response.
I think we’re all concerned about the department’s staffing numbers. I’ll use my two communities as an example, it’s clear that there are still too many vacant positions in the health centres.
In Essex, 70 percent are vacant, and Arviat is 44 percent vacant.
I know that it’s a challenge and it’s a difficult one.
So I would like to ask the minister if she could explain the challenges that her department faces in terms of having adequate staff at community health centres that are always very busy.
Hon. Minister.
We can’t retain them after 30 months. They are trained and maybe they’re not new. It’s very difficult to be a nurse in a community.
One of the things that you have to look at is the Department of Community and Government Services. We have been working very hard to set up the Department of Community and Government Services.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Maine.
I thank the minister for his response.
Maybe we should put it another way. Mr. Speaker, we all know that there are problems in the communities. There is always a lot of work to do and there is always a shortage of health professionals.
I would like to understand clearly what is actually happening to address these problems in the communities. What is being done and what is being considered to address these problems in the communities?
What is being done and what is being considered to ensure that our nurses and other health professionals are supported by the department?
Hon. Pat Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Just to be clear, I don’t have that level of detail in terms of operations and maintenance.
For example, if we’re open only for emergencies, they can’t make an appointment on a regular basis because of the workload, or if there are too many nurses leaving for whatever reason.
In the department, as I said earlier, trying to fill all of the positions is a challenge because we are competing with the rest of Canada.
That’s what we’re trying to do. I know that they work with people who have experience in the north, not in the north, like Northern Manitoba.
I know that the Department of Health and Social Services is well aware of the processes that our nurses use.
It’s not an easy fix, but I have to keep working on it. If you have any ideas, let me know.
Question 132 – 5(1): Insurance Policy for Government Property (Hickes)
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions are for the Minister of Finance.
As we all know, Mr. Speaker, every community in Nunavut has a wide range of infrastructure, terminal buildings, health centres, schools, and office buildings.
My question to the minister is: when the insurance is in place, is that infrastructure going to be one-on-one or is it done separately on a case-by-case basis?
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Each of our infrastructure has different policies and some don’t even have policies at all. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I recently saw on the news that in some of our communities, there was another school burning down.
Mr. Speaker, the Department of Finance is trying to solve the infrastructure problem by having a proper contingency plan. We learned that our own cost in Arctic Bay is $10 million.
What impact will it have on the WCB in the event of another school fire? Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) Today, the current insurance coverage has increased from $10 million to $20 million for schools as a result of fires.
We continue to lobby the Department of Education and all of us to lobby the federal government to address these very costly and unfortunate incidences.
So I think we should all try and demonstrate that we can continue to work with safety measures. We need to show that our own costs are increasing and that we have our own insurance system. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Yes, I understand exactly where I’m concerned, but I don’t know if the Municipal Insurance Program will cover half of the cost.
I asked that question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, the new $20 million is for school fires.
Our schools and other buildings have to pay $1 million on their own.
There are different things.
I can’t say how many schools will have to burn down, they are no longer insured.
Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that we don’t have a fire in this government and I thank all of the Members of the Legislative Assembly and I have to keep pushing for this because this is a school for our children and for the public...
Not only for the schools but also for the hospitals as these are very important services that we provide.
Any damage is a challenge to our clients and I continue to push for these facilities.
So Mr. Speaker, a reminder.
It’s a public building. It’s a public building. It’s a public building. It’s a public building. It’s a public building. It’s a public building.
I applaud you for bringing that forward to the House. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Question 133 – 5(1): Expansion of Educational Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak)
My questions are for the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, as I noted in my Member’s Statement, the Fifth Legislative Assembly of Nunavut has an opportunity to bring our territory to a brighter future.
Can the minister tell the House if he would be willing to reopen the idea of establishing a university in your community in partnership with the private sector and other stakeholders?
Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College, Mr. Joanasie.
I thank the Member for Baker Lake for that question.
With Nunavut Arctic College, we advertised various campuses outside of Nunavut to see how we can work together.
We have heard of various organizations, such as Agnico-Eagle, who are interested in establishing a university for Nunavut.
We would like to see this go ahead, but to date, we have been negotiating an agreement with Nunavut Arctic College to try and work together with Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, I strongly believe that we need to provide funding for increased education from Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit to the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School Diploma Program.
I feel that Baker Lake would be a very good location for that kind of expansion.
Can the minister clarify whether he and his officials have spoken with the board of governors of Nunavut Arctic College to come up with a vision of how more opportunities for post-secondary education can be delivered to Nunavut?
Mr. Joanasie.
With Nunavut Arctic College, we would like to see more opportunities for Nunavummiut to pursue post-secondary education in their communities. We would like to see more and more opportunities available for Nunavummiut to take post-secondary education in their communities. We would like to see more and more awareness of this online program.
In regard to the member’s question about the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School, we are looking at how we can expand it further.
Yes, the Board of Governors of Nunavut Arctic College will be involved. My staff, the president of Nunavut Arctic College, and the vice-president of Nunavut Arctic College, will be making plans to move this forward.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Mikkungwak: Mr. Speaker, I recognize that the previous government accepted a recommendation that Nunavut Arctic College not be established at that time.
Will the minister commit to getting back to this issue and reporting back to the House on how he is aware of it?
Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Mikkungwak for the question.
The option of building a university in Nunavut is being considered by a number of people.
The Agnico Eagle Mines Corporation is also proposing $5 million to build a new university if there is interest in it.
I think the discussions are ongoing.
Right now, over the next four years, I don’t know if we want to go that route. Once the feasibility study is done, that would be part of the study.
Members, please note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Maine.
Motion 015 – 5(1): Extension of Question Period (Maine)
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Pursuant to Rule 39(7), I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that question period be extended. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The motion is in order and the motion is not debatable.
All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Opposed.
As such, we have extended the allotted time for oral questions by 30 minutes, starting from now on.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
Question 134 – 5(1): Grants and Contributions (Maine)
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
I rise today to ask about the Department of Environment’s Harvesters Assistance Program and I would like to understand how they provide assistance to our hunters.
Looking at our government’s main estimates for 2017-18, there are three main areas.
Let me speak in English so that I can be clear, there are three grants that the Department of Environment administers, disaster compensation, and the Fur Pricing Program.
The department has been allocated $150,000 for this fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, I would first like to ask the minister: can the minister describe how the Department of Environment determines the effectiveness of these programs?
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The auction was held three times a year and the auction was recently held in early March. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Maine.
I thank the minister for that information.
Mr. Speaker, the information that has been provided to this House over the years is something that I really wanted to see and I think the hunters should see.
In 2011, the Department of Environment reported that the sale of sealskins at auction amounted to $800,000.
In 2012, it cost $1.1 million and in 2013, it was $1.04 million.
Mr. Speaker, can the minister provide me with an update on the status of the sealing industry this year? I would like to get the latest information on whether this year or last year’s sealing industry is still a viable source of revenue?
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I can't say where they are at right now because I don't have the latest bids.
What I can tell you is that after the Northern Lights Fur Trade Show, sales of sealskins go up and I’m sure they will, but at that time, we will be able to find out the results of the fur auction. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Maine.
I also thank the minister.
This will be my last question, Mr. Speaker.
I wonder if the Department of Environment can consider whether they can provide more funding to our harvesters.
With respect to fox hunting, we are all aware of the issue of sealskins in Nunavut.
I believe that the amount of money that is used for one year is too small, Mr. Speaker.
I think it’s too small.
I would like to ask the minister if he agrees with me and if he can look into this further in the coming months.
I agree with you, and I look forward to bringing forward to this House a request for an increase if you support it.
Question 135 – 5(1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
Mr. Speaker, as we all know, in Nunavut, hunters are often victimized by polar bears. Their cabins are damaged and their snowmobiles are damaged.
Mr. Speaker, the Disaster Compensation Program provides compensation for damages. However, it is very difficult to replace the equipment that has been damaged.
Has the funding for damaged property been spent this year?
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
I’m sorry I didn’t hear everything.
Can he repeat his question?
Speaker (interpretation): Please repeat your first question, Mr. Keyootak.
Our equipment, snowmobiles and cabins are damaged by polar bears, especially when we are away.
Mr. Speaker, we know that there are compensation programs available for damages and damages that we have left behind.
My question was: has this year’s budget been used for damages?
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you for that clarification.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
The minister indicated that he would respond once he gets that information.
Can the minister provide a breakdown of how much has been spent in the Baffin, Kivalliq, and Kitikmeot regions?
Yes, I will give him a breakdown.
Question 136 – 5(1): Early Childhood and Early Childhood Services (Hickes)
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Education.
The announcement from the Minister of Education this afternoon indicated that all licensed daycares will be able to get additional licenses depending on where they are located.
How much is being considered to be provided to licensed daycares?
Minister responsible for the Housing Corporation, Mr. Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
The Department of Education’s Executive and Intergovernmental Affairs Committee approved a three-year agreement. Over the next three years, it has been divided into four.
I would like you to have a clear breakdown of what that amount is, the O&M total of $1.1 million per year, broken down by year.
Those are the numbers that I have.
I thank the minister for that clarification.
Mr. Speaker, when I review the Child Day Care Act in Nunavut, it lists Early Childhood Education Act, No. 17. It says that all employees who deal with day-to-day childcare require adequate training. That is one of the expectations that I have.
Mr. Speaker, I know that in the Early Childhood Education Program, Arctic College is responsible for that.
I’m just wondering if the minister could give us an idea of how they’re doing, how they’re doing, how they’re doing, how they’re doing, how they’re doing, how they’re doing, how they’re doing, how they’re doing, how they’re doing, how they’re doing, how they’re doing, and how they’re doing, how they’re doing, and how they’re doing, how they’re doing, how they’re doing, how they’re
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank Mr. Hickes.
Training is part of the agreement for the next three years.
The $1.1 million is outside of O&M.
We would like to get more certified educators in early childhood education and early childhood education.
So that’s one of the things that we’re looking forward to expanding is training on-the-job training, and we’re looking forward to that over the next three years.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank the minister.
I look forward to getting that information from the House.
When I look at the daycare staff and the curriculum that is available, I always hear that when employees are trained, they seem to be more effective in their training.
Mr. Speaker, I have also heard concerns that there is a lack of income for daycare workers.
Providing consistent education to our children in early childhood education is critical to maintaining stability in the workforce.
This funding is to help daycare workers get better wages so that they can work there as full-time employees rather than working there on a part-time basis.
Yes, I agree with Mr. Hickes. I fully understand and agree with him. We want our children to be well prepared. We want them to learn and succeed in life before they enter the school system.
That’s what we’re trying to do to provide support to daycare staff.
Part of the agreement is that as long as the parents don’t increase the cost of childcare services, I think we can do something to ensure that the staff at the daycare are adequately compensated for their needs.
We’re still working on it to make sure that we have daycare workers throughout Nunavut.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Maine.
Question 137 – 5(1): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts
Last Friday, March 16, I asked the Minister of Community and Government Services some questions. I had a discussion with the minister and I wanted more information on this issue.
The number of Inuit working within the Nunavut Housing Corporation will be increasing.
Mr. Speaker, the minister and I seem to agree that he was in support of increasing Inuit employment.
About 20 percent of this is related to the construction of the Baffin Correctional Centre and the docking facilities in Iqaluit and Pond Inlet.
If I understood your question correctly, Mr. Speaker, the ratio is between 20 percent and 15 percent.
Can the minister explain how we would change the bid process to increase the number of RFPs?
Minister of Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
I’m sure the minister understands that when projects are undertaken, the Department of Community and Government Services provides assistance to the departments that are going to have the facilities.
If it’s going to be a docking facility, if we’re talking about the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, we’re talking about correctional facilities.
We work with them to make sure that the contracts are being adhered to. We assist them because we don’t have any control over that.
We work with the client departments to determine how many Inuit can be employed.
We try to make sure that they don’t go over budget and if they’re going to go over budget, then they’re going to fall through the cracks and we try to make sure that they get what they’re supposed to be able to get.
At this time, I can’t say that once the tenders have been released, they will be tendered. I don’t think it’s possible to change that at this time, Mr. Speaker.
I have a question on that.
If the change is not possible, then what happens to the Inuit Employment Equity Program?
Can the Department of Community and Government Services do the work?
I hope I was clear, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister tell me, maybe tell the House why when employees from other communities want to work in construction, are employees from Nunavut entitled to the same benefits as employees from outside of Nunavut?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the member for that question.
Mr. Speaker, the Nunavummi Nangminiqaqtunik Ikajuuti Contracting Appeals Board investigates issues and sets the Inuit Employment Policy:
Scope of work;
Individuals who are available to work based on their education;
There are other community programs that can affect Inuit employment opportunities.
Mr. Speaker, we encourage contractors at the local level to hire locally from the regional centres in Nunavut, before they start recruiting outside of Nunavut.
We encourage people who come to Nunavut to look for jobs.
We encourage that.
We also work closely with the client departments to achieve those goals.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Maine.
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My last question, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask the minister: will he commit to working with his department to work with the Department of Community and Government Services on major infrastructure projects?
Will the minister commit to working with the Department of Community and Government Services to ensure that jobs are created and that Inuit are able to apply for jobs in construction projects that are outside of the territory?
Will the minister commit to ensuring that the same criteria will be taken into consideration to ensure that Nunavut residents are included in the NNI Contracting Appeals Board?
Mr. Speaker, I believe that the Government of Nunavut as a whole encourages people who are looking for jobs to hire Nunavummiut first.
That is the way we have always been set up and we will continue to do that.
Orders of the Day.
Returns to Written Questions.
Item 9.
Reports of Standing and Special Committees on Bills and Other Matters.
Tabled Document 029 – 5(1): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Mot Report from North Arrow Mining Re: Mel Diamond Project (Submission)
Last week, I tabled a letter in the House from the President of the Northern Quebec Mining Corporation concerning Baffinland’s proposed drilling project near Hall Beach.
As I stated earlier, I will be supporting the mining companies because my fellow residents of Amittuq are unable to get jobs either.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to table today the Minister of Environment’s response to the North Pole Diamond Mine’s Annual Report on Arctic Bay’s 2018 Strategic Investments Program.
I believe that this program is very beneficial to my constituents.
I will keep returning to that.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Tabled Document 030 – 5(1): Correspondence from Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four-Door Garage (Netser)
Tabled Document 031 – 5(1): Correspondence from Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Runway Extension for Repulse Bay (Netser)
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I have two documents that I would like to table from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay.
The four-wheeler community is growing rapidly and the vehicles are falling behind. The shop is aging and the shop is overcrowded.
Secondly, if we were to extend the runway a little bit longer, it would be very beneficial to the community.
The hamlet has written a letter to the government.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Tabled Document 032 – 5(1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak)
Today I wish to table documents under the Department of Family Services’ Client Travel Policy and Application Procedures, including the Client Travel Policy.
I have two.
Tabled Document 033 – 5(1): Choices Made under the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Program (Speaker)
Tabled Document 034 – 5(1): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker)
Thank you, colleagues. I have two documents to table.
The first section is the Elections Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act.
The second item is a list of outstanding statutory tabling requirements. (interpretation) Thank you.
Going back to the Orders of the Day.
Notices of Motions.
Notices of Motions for First Reading of Bills.
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters. Bills 2, 3, and 4 with Mr. Rumbolt in the Chair.
In accordance with the authority provided to me by Motion 10 – 5(1), you will stay in session until it reports itself out.
Before we proceed to the Committee of the Whole, we will take a 29-minute break.
>>House recessed at 15:54 and Committee resumed at 16:18
Chairman (interpretation): Good afternoon. I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
In Committee of the Whole, we have the following items to deal with: Bills 2, 3, and 4.
Mr. Maine.
Mr. Maine: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We are reviewing Bill 2, followed by Bill 3, and the Bible.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Does the committee agree that we first deal with Bill 2?
Agreed?
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee
Bill 2 is in your legislation binder.
Moving on. Do you have witnesses that you would like to bring to the table? Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) If I may, I would like to have my officials sit with me.
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses in.
Mr. Akeeagok, for the record, please introduce your witnesses and proceed with your opening comments.
To my left is my Assistant Deputy Minister, Dan Carlson.
Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to appear before the Committee of the Whole to present Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2018-19.
As a government, we are requesting you to spend $491,804,000 between April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
Mr. Chairman, at this time of year, the Minister of Finance has been here for the entire fiscal year. However, as the Fifth Legislative Assembly, we have just recently sat down and we are still in the planning stages.
With that being the case, at this time, the 2018-19 budget is in the planning stages. We will be bringing it to Yellowknife for the upcoming spring sitting in May and June.
To that end, Mr. Chairman, we are proposing interim appropriations to enable the department to fulfill its mandate to provide services to Nunavummiut in the coming months.
This is a must-attend approach to setting aside money for this year after the election.
Mr. Chairman, all departments and territorial corporations have had the opportunity to review these interim appropriations. Our calculations are based on departmental spending and cash flow over the last four years.
We are satisfied that this amount will be sufficient to operate the operations of the Legislative Assembly as a result of its review and the passage of its annual budget.
These are some of the highlights of the Act. These funds are:
$8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly;
$11.66 million for the Department of Community and Government Services;
$29.08 million for the Department of Finance;
$49.1 million to the Department of Family Services;
$32.44 million for the Department of Justice;
$10.77 million to the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth;
$64.1 million to the Department of Education;
$85.77 million for Health and Social Services Headquarters;
$8.32 million for the Department of Environment;
$82.73 million for the Office of the Department of Community and Government Services;
$23.29 million for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation office;
$73.39 million for the Nunavut Housing Corporation; and
$12.54 million for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments.
At this time, we are open to questions or comments.
Do members have any general comments?
Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was reading the Inuktitut version of the bill. $32.44 million for the Department of Justice. The Inuktitut version is $32.44 million for the Legislative Assembly.
So there is a difference in Inuktitut between $8.62 million and $8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly, is that for the Legislative Assembly or the Department of Justice?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Just for clarification, the Office of the Legislative Assembly is requesting $8.62 million. The Department of Justice is seeking $32.4 million.
I apologize if the translation was incorrect. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The English version is correct.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s just a question in regard to the interim appropriation. We’re not at a percentage, so I think that’s what we’re looking at in terms of the actual expenditures and the budgeting process that we’re talking about.
Mr. Speaker, I know that there has been a lot of debate on financial management and the minister has indicated that there is a need for real change to ensure that proper departments are able to provide services to Nunavummiut.
It doesn’t have anything to do with that, Mr. Chairman. It applies to the bill because it affects the bill.
So I’m just wondering if there have been any changes in the way the money is allocated for the next fiscal year.
Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
To date, there have been no real changes to O&M, but I’m sure we will see the capital budget process in the fall. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there any more general comments?
If members have any questions on the opening comments, please proceed.
If not, we will continue with the clause-by-clause review.
Go to Bill 2 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Chairman: Clause 2. Agreed?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2. Page 3 in Inuktitut. Schedule. Interim Appropriation for the Period April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Interim Appropriation. Total Operations and Maintenance. $491,804,000.
Thank you, Mr. Maine, do you have a question?
Mr. Maine: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I think I should have brought this up earlier, but I have a question on grants and contributions.
It’s my understanding that the numbers are based on percentages of the year, but some of the grants and contributions are already spent. The funding for the whole year will be depleted as soon as April 1.
I just want to clarify for the Grants and Contributions Economic Development Program or the Nunavut Housing Corporation. How is that handled? The funding is not for a year-round, but some of the programs are administered annually.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (interpretation ends) That’s a good question.
Under the Appropriation Act, I noted in my opening comments that the department has been working on the last four years. Some of them have been allocated for the first three months of grants and contributions.
What I can say is that Community and Government Services and the Nunavut Housing Corporation are one of the largest departments. As you can see here, the grants and contributions are for operations and maintenance.
When it comes to requests, if they have to go through an application process, each department has different approaches and that’s why, in the last four years, all departments have their spending on a quarterly basis. The Department of Finance looks at them and they come to an agreement with the departments on how their grants and contributions work.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Minister Akeeagok.
My next question to the minister is: can the minister tell the House if there are any projects that have been put on hold or are they just going to go through the normal process?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Maine.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hopefully tomorrow, we will see some of the work that needs to be done in the future. The budget that we have been able to put together in the Fifth Legislative Assembly with direction from departments. So the next three months will be the same. In May, we will be looking at those projects again.
Ms. Towtongie.
I’m sorry, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the minister and his officials.
In the Main Estimates, $491,804,000 is above the breakdown.
The first part of the bill is $8,623,000. In the opening comments, the minister stated $8.26 million.
The $3,000 is unchanged and the total amount is $54,000.
Why is it that way?
That is my question.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The bill is a three-page document in Inuktitut and we’re trying to get the actual numbers approved.
Those are the exact numbers.
As I stated in my opening comments, I have reduced the numbers in English to keep them close to the main numbers and I have stated that I don’t want to say all of the decreases. We have reduced them by numbers.
The numbers that we’re looking at in the Bill are accurate, he just doesn’t call them all.
Total Supplementary Appropriation. $491,804,000. Do you agree?
Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree to Bill 2 as a whole?
Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62(2), that Bill 2 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to thank my officials for getting this ready so that we can have this government operational until June.
I thank you very much to all Members of the Legislative Assembly for your help in approving this funding request. I look forward to sitting in this House when we go through the whole budget in May and June.
Thank you all.
Bill 2 is concluded.
I will now ask the minister if we can proceed with his opening comments on Bill 3?
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will keep my officials here, and I want everyone to know that once we get to the other departments, I will be able to bring in additional staff when needed, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, is that my opening comments?
I am here to present to you Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2017-2018, No. 3. Through this bill, the government is proposing to increase its budget by $56,602,000 for the following reasons:
$49 million to the Department of Health to cover over-expenditures in the Department of Health, medical travel, mental health and treatment programs, elder care, hospital physician services, and TB assessments;
$6.2 million to the Department of Justice to cover the cost overruns of the RCMP, Corrections, and the Department of Justice; and
The $1.402 million deficit went to the Children, Family Services and Banking Division.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments. I welcome any questions or comments that members may have.
Are there any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Family Services. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Children and Family Services. $1,402,000.
I just saw that number in the substantiation sheets and it still doesn’t give me a clear picture, but I think it’s important to point out exactly where the focus is.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don’t have the breakdown of how many, but I think that’s two-fold. We send more foster children outside of Nunavut. The number of visits that we receive outside of Nunavut has increased.
For example, there’s an elder from Igloolik, Gjoa Haven, I’m not sure which community he is in. He’s in Ottawa, so that he can visit the community.
We do visit the families that are not supported by the Department of Family Services.
The majority of people who are sent outside of Nunavut are not eligible for seniors in Nunavut. As I stated earlier, there are more visits from the communities.
With the amalgamation of all the elders’ programs that the Department of Family Services is responsible for. I’m just wondering if the Department of Health and Social Services has ever taken over the Department of Health and Social Services.
Although the minister alluded to some of the issues, some of them are not directly related to the Department of Family Services.
Some of them are in the care of the Department of Health and Social Services, elders are in the care of the Department of Health and Social Services.
That was one of the examples I used. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I understand that there is a need to visit some of the children who are in foster care. The money is usually with the Department of Family Services.
What I am asking is are there still elders who are receiving social assistance that have not been transferred to the Department of Health?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Based on the information that I have, the information that was transferred to the Department of Health has been transferred.
They are not transferred to the Department of Health and Social Services that are still administered by the Department of Family Services.
I’m just wondering if there are any other non-decentralized programs in Family Services. Looking at this information and looking at our business plan, I think they have all been transferred. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If the Minister of Family Services can provide more details, I would appreciate it.
It’s up to Minister Akeeagok to ask another question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thought the question was, “Are there still people in the Department of Health and Social Services?”
The answer I gave was that the Department of Health and Social Services is there right now.
We are still on Family Services.
In terms of the supplementary appropriation, it’s for the Department of Family Services to determine what the deficit was. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that clarification.
I understand better now.
Maybe I should ask another question that is more understandable.
Is the Department of Family Services still looking after the elders? Does the Department of Family Services still have the resources to deal with the elders?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Yes, there is still some work to be done for seniors, so I would like the Minister of Family Services to be more specific.
I am aware of the government’s programs, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Citizen Supplementary Benefit Program, and the Department of Family Services probably looks after people over the age of 60.
If I missed something, Minister Savikataaq can help me answer the question. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you to both ministers for clarifying that.
This is my last question.
When people are sent outside of Nunavut, are they still eligible for income support and are they eligible for income support?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like Minister Savikataaq to respond to that question. (interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
It varies depending on the situation.
Sometimes they are eligible for income support but I can’t say that they are the same for all of them.
I have detailed questions under the department.
It indicates that they will be donating the surplus from other departments.
As it stands now, do other departments in this region support all Nunavummiut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) It doesn’t affect all regions.
Also, from the Department of Family Services, almost all of that was transferred to the Department of Health, the Income Support Program.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that answer.
When you’re going to be transferring money to other departments from different departments, when do you identify when there is a possibility of going into a deficit and how do you deal with the deficit?
I don’t know if this has an impact on our proceedings, Minister Akeeagok.
The department reports on a monthly basis and at the end of the fiscal year, a little over-expenditure to allow departments to re-budget their budgets. If that’s not possible, then we have to go through a supplementary appropriation.
We are on page 4.
Mr. Maine.
The documents that we have before us indicate that the number of people in residential care is increasing. From the 189 people in residential care, there were 243.
Do you anticipate that this number will continue to grow?
What is the increase in the number of people requiring care?
Are you aware of the reasons for the increase in the number of people requiring care?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The numbers have been changing for a number of years. Will that be included in the budget, starting from last year’s budget, I don’t want to be approving supplementary appropriations so that you can have accurate budgeting.
Will that be factored in?
So I guess the trend is increasing. Once we go page by page, it’s going to be noticeable that we’re talking about changes. If they don’t keep up with the budget, then we look at our budget.
We will have questions when we get to the main estimates. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In your substantiation sheet that was provided by the department, it states that there is a surplus.
It also mentions the department’s recently revised Income Support Program.
So I’m just wondering if the minister could indicate where the surplus from the Income Support Division is spent on administration, or is the majority of the money going to income support recipients?
Which areas did you increase?
I am trying to understand where the surplus went, where was it spent?
Is the Income Support Case Management System being redundant or is the Income Support Program increasing? Where did the rest go?
Chairman: Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) There are a number of issues with the Department of Family Services.
They have been hired to administer their functions while they’re moving from another department to another department and some of these people have started working on who they are and how they work.
In the Income Support Program, there was funding for that, and the government’s response was that they send people out to residential care for a variety of people.
There are a number of reasons why the Department of Family Services has reached its budget shortfall for the current fiscal year. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will stay there.
Mr. Speaker, this information indicates that the department spends more money than it spends on income support.
Will the budget be used for staff housing or income support?
My colleague, Mr. Savikataaq, can respond to the question better.
Mr. Savikataaq, go ahead.
The changes to the Income Support Program have a significant impact on the budget. I can use this as an example.
The National Child Benefit Supplement was deducted from their income and income support.
The Child Benefit Supplement was deducted from the Income Support Program, which will no longer be the case. Now, income support recipients will be receiving more money than the Income Support Program.
We are on Total Children and Family Services.
Not Previously Authorized. $1,402,000.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Department of Justice, to be Voted. $2,600,000.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Minister, welcome.
It says here that it’s for the purchase of new drugs. I’m just wondering if the minister has any plans to change the Marijuana Act by the Government of Canada this summer.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Like you, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask my witness to change the Deputy Minister of Justice to go to the witness table and remove my deputy, so I will respond to the member’s question.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses in.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your witness.
To my left is the Deputy Minister of Justice, Bill MacKay.
If it’s okay with you, I can respond to the question.
Mr. Chairman, that’s a very good question from the Department of Justice with respect to the RCMP.
This does not apply to marijuana.
We don’t want the drugs coming to Nunavut because these are new drugs that we need to learn and implement.
In December, at the Finance Ministers’ Meeting, the funding that will be provided through the Department of Health and Social Services, 25 percent of the funding from the federal government will go to the RCMP for drug testing.
This is a two-part project.
I thank the minister for his response.
My next question here is in regard to the high cost of housing in the communities.
I’m just wondering if the minister could explain why it’s in there for housing costs.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Netser.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) This is related to the RCMP getting nine more RCMP officers in different communities and that’s why they provide staff housing.
When there are additional RCMP officers, through government contracts, we have to purchase housing. The additional costs were around $300,000. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Maine, did you have a question?
Mr. Maine: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The minister talked about the $2.6 million breakdown of the $300,000 for housing.
Can you elaborate a little bit more on that?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Maybe I might skip a number.
I’ll ask my officials.
Those are the numbers.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for his response in regard to the $1 million that is going towards mobile equipment.
Why were these vehicles not expected to be purchased?
I believe it was supposed to be included in this budget, if I understood you correctly.
Was this the reason why you had to purchase new vehicles?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That’s a good question.
The $1 million is for vehicle replacement.
We have a contract with the RCMP and there are a number of different things happening there.
Mr. Speaker, last year, the GN’s Motor Vehicle Information System (ATV) was not replaced very much due to lack of funding.
The Department of Community and Government Services was trying to reduce the number of delays, but this year, the Motor Vehicle Damage Prevention Program has resulted in the purchase of essential vehicles.
That’s why there has been a significant jump this year.
They’re not buying too much, but their equipment continues to deteriorate.
With respect to the RCMP contracts, the RCMP’s “V” Division has a contract with the RCMP. Please don’t hesitate to buy this. We don’t do that very often.
However, in our discussions with the federal government, we are able to come to an agreement and that is why it seems to have increased significantly.
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I know my colleague alluded to this issue.
These are new drugs, which I believe are the most dangerous drugs.
Will this equipment be made available to all the communities or will it be made available to all the communities?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Yes, all RCMP officers will receive this equipment for all communities.
So that’s the new equipment that we have for the RCMP and for the public that may be in that situation. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’m just wondering if the RCMP has any plans in place or if they haven’t found any new drugs, which communities have the RCMP found to date?
Yes, for the people that are coming into our communities, it’s a tragedy and I hope they have a break.
However, the communities have been impacted twice and most of the Canadian emerging markets are coming up here in the Northwest Territories.
It’s a very dangerous situation and I’m very afraid that people will be applying for drugs.
It would be better if you don’t take those things but the things that are coming up are dangerous and I applaud the RCMP for making plans.
Mr. Maine: I thought we were done.
That’s my last question.
I’m just wondering if you could clarify that for me.
In the document that we have provided, it states that we have recruited more RCMP officers. In nine or six communities across Nunavut, they have been decentralized to different locations.
That was just a comment.
Moving on, Mr. Hickes, do you have a question?
In the $2.6 million that you’re asking for, it talks about court interpreters going to court. You said that there are seven judges that need interpreters from the court.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) At this time, no, there are a number of interpreters in the Department of Justice.
I’ll leave that for now. In the Minister’s Statement, it also talks about the need for new telephones and the need to continue with the old system.
Given the fact that they’re going to have to replace new equipment, will they be setting aside some money for new equipment or will they be requesting additional funding once they know the number from the RCMP?
Yes, this is in the planning stages for the department. We requested the funding and that’s what we have planned for.
The Department of Finance has a business plan that the Minister of Public Works and Services will be there and the RCMP plans in the event that marijuana legislation is passed, as my colleague has pointed out, is in the planning stages, but there is no additional funding for marijuana. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In terms of other correctional facilities, overtime, it talks about having fully staffed, full-time staff at the Baffin Correctional Centre. What is the total number of inmates?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Item 8. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Did he say eight?
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Can the minister clarify that?
Through you, I’ll have Deputy Minister MacKay respond to that question.
Mr. MacKay: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Chief Medical Officer of the Department of Health and Social Services has a lot of people working in other departments. If the weather permits, they have to stay there. So that’s part of the overtime cost.
When there’s a blizzard, they can’t go home. So the staff, who just said that they’re going to come back to work, do they double the number of employees when the blizzard is blowing?
Mr. MacKay, can you clarify that?
Yes, there have been two incidents now. If there is a blizzard, they are immediately dispatched to the Baffin Regional Health Centre and if there is a blizzard, they are sent to the Department of Health and Social Services.
Mr. Lighthizer.
Mr. Lighthizer: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice. First of all, the RCMP has identified housing needs for the nine new RCMP officers.
When you get an RCMP officer, are they provided with housing separately?
I am happy to say that one of my staff, who is playing hockey, lost his arm by one of the staff members. I am sure that he will recover and my deputy minister can’t write.
He will have to whisper.
In terms of the nine RCMP officers, the RCMP receives housing from the federal government.
As I stated earlier, we work with the RCMP on various contracts.
I would like to make it clear that 70 percent of the RCMP cost is paid by the Government of Nunavut and 30 percent is paid by the federal government.
The RCMP, through their contracts, are provided by the federal government. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lighthizer: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’m just wondering if the RCMP will be providing housing for all RCMP officers?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) When the RCMP puts a staff member in a community to stay in a community, they identify how long they have to stay in the community.
That’s how they operate differently because they don’t keep their RCMP officers on the land.
They don’t expect to get their own house in the communities at all times, but it depends on the number of RCMP officers that are provided with housing in the communities.
That’s where the RCMP operates differently.
When they identify a need for an RCMP officer, they try to include all 25 communities as soon as possible. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It is unfortunate that the RCMP does not try to integrate into the communities.
When the RCMP buys their own homes, how does the Income Support Program work?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Lighthizer.
I don’t think anybody should be asking questions like that.
I don’t think we should expect them to own their own homes and that’s why they are provided with housing.
Mr. Akeeagok, if you want to comment on that, it’s up to you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That was a very good comment, Mr. Chairman.
The RCMP, the public out there, even though they only spend three years in the community, is involved in community fundraising.
If an RCMP officer wants to get housing, they apply to the federal government for housing.
It’s the federal government’s salary rather than our own. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question for the RCMP is: how much was that contract for the RCMP?
Page 5 of the bill. $40,071,000.
If approved, it will be $42,671,000 for this contract. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you for that clarification.
The third item is the Corrections Division. Overtime and casual employment.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Lighthizer. We’re just on Law Enforcement. We haven’t gotten there yet. Can you wait for your question?
We are now asking questions on Law Enforcement. (interpretation ends) Are there any further questions?
Mr. Lighthizer: Yes, finally, for law enforcement.
In the minister’s letter, it also clarifies that the total amount of funding was $40 million, with strict enforcement spending of $30 million, which is projected to increase to $42 million.
What is the projected $42 million worth of spending projected for the end of the fiscal year?
Maybe I could ask the member if he could give us the exact numbers.
If there is a number, I would like some assistance. I sent the letter on Friday and I believe I found the $30 million, but if he could elaborate a little bit more.
A letter dated March 16 to the Chairperson of the Regular Members’ Caucus was received by the Minister of Finance.
The letter that I am referring to is on page 4, page 4. There are five in total.
I would also like to thank the member for asking about the contents of the letter that we tabled.
The $30 million has been spent this year, and the plan is $42 million.
The RCMP’s “V” Division describes how they’re going to spend and how much they’re going to spend. That’s why we’re asking for $2.6 million. That’s why I wrote that letter.
I’m looking at $2.6 million for Project One in the Member’s Statement, it indicates that the RCMP operates in areas where they don’t have the capability of using ATVs. At the top of that, it says that it’s a historical request.
Mr. Speaker, the Legislative Assembly has indicated that the Department of Justice is proposing to restructure the Directorate. However, due to the unique nature of its operations, it requires an additional $2.6 million to cover compensation and benefits for staff, training, recruitment, and organizational issues.
Then he talks about the $2.6 million for additional staff and casual salaries. At the same time, the $2.6 million is mentioned that they have a radio station.
Can you clarify that, Mr. Chairman?
There were already questions from my colleague, Mr. Akeeagok, if you want to elaborate further, it’s up to you.
The breakdown that I mentioned earlier, if you look at the bottom, there is a further breakdown of Program 3. There is an increase of $2.6 million for corrections.
There are two separate projects, which are estimated at $2.6 million.
This includes RCMP radios, housing needs, vehicles, and a number of emergency situations. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you, Minister Akeeagok.
If we’re talking about $2.6 million, what is the total amount of that, I don’t understand that. Could you clarify that?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Ms. Towtongie.
On page 5 of our business plan, we’re dealing with law enforcement in the amount of $2.6 million.
Further down there, “Corrections, $2.6 million,” it says, “Total Corrections Division is not responsible for that. Right now, we have $2.6 million in law enforcement.
Do you have any questions?
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you for clarifying that.
When I read the Inuktitut version of the main estimates in English, it seems like it’s an estimate in Inuktitut.
Can you clarify what that means? Are you projecting estimates or projections for 2017-18?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
On the right hand side of the page, not previously authorized, we’re still in 2017-18. The main estimates are projected to be a little over that. That’s why we’re seeking Legislative Assembly approval for the supplementary appropriation for the Department of Justice.
A total of $6.2 million, of which $2.6 million would go to the RCMP.
That’s what we’re requesting from the Legislative Assembly. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was just confused because it sounds like the Inuktitut version, they are projections.
I almost understand my question, but I’m done.
We’re on Law Enforcement. $2.6 million.
Next on the list is the total Registries and Court Services, $1 million.
Total Corrections. $2,600,000.
Mr. Lighthizer: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Speaker, my question is in regard to corrections and I know it’s an annual overspending. If memory serves me correct, it’s just overtime.
Am I correct?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is correct that the majority of the overtime will be paid as well as casual employees.
Mr. Lighthizer: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If memory serves me correct, the Baffin Correctional Centre currently employs 12-hour shifts. Is that correct?
Given the fact that the correctional facilities are overcrowded and overtime, has the department given any consideration to having three or eight-hour shifts in the correctional facilities?
Through you, Deputy Minister MacKay can respond to that question.
The member is correct that they work 12 hours a week.
Mr. Speaker, the FANS program is set up for two hours, 42 hours a week. They will be working overtime after 42 hours.
As a result of this agreement, overtime was reduced from $4 million to $2.49 million.
As a result, the Corrections Division’s deficit went from $4.5 million to $2.6 million.
We are moving forward with the overtime pay and we will continue to do that.
A reminder to have your cellphones turned off and shut them down.
Mr. Lighthizer: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
They travel overtime and work 42 hours a week.
Are employees working 50 or 60 hours a week?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
That’s too detailed. We have to provide it to the House and we will provide it in writing.
Our deputy minister can’t answer that question.
We don’t have that information.
I don’t think I know what kind of information is required for the operation of the facility.
I would like to ask these questions.
What kind of training are they receiving?
Through you, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that question.
I think I answered that question. Under the Training and Training Supplementary Appropriation for the Department of Justice, it’s going to be used under the Corrections Division.
At this time, we don’t provide any training.
We have a trainer who is contracted out and it costs a lot of money because of the overtime that they’re doing the training, they have to be replaced by someone else, and that’s why it’s costing them more to do the training.
We’re also looking at other ways of better planning and budgeting to make sure that the staff in the corrections and court system get better training so that we don’t have contractors.
Ms. Nakashuk.
I wanted to know when the $2.6 million was talked about, including employee training.
What kind of training will be provided to employees and casuals?
Both the Corrections and Court Services Division provide training to casual and casual employees.
Part-time workers are hired on a contract basis. However, there are several weeks of orientation and orientation sessions that are provided to people who work in corrections, such as conflicts, disputes, and so on.
Can the Minister of Justice ask what kind of programs the Corrections Division has or should I be asking questions?
I don’t know if they have that level of detail. Mr. Akeeagok.
Through you, Deputy Minister MacKay can give us a brief overview of what they do. If you will allow him, Deputy Minister MacKay.
Ms. MacKay.
I don’t have the numbers, but I will be able to report back to the member on what kind of training is provided to the inmates.
Depending on which low-risk inmates are housed in the Iqaluit International Correctional Centre, they are provided with pre-trades training so that they can get into the workforce. They are trained and trained to work at the Baffin Correctional Centre.
The Akausisarvik Correctional Centre also has programs in place for each inmate based on their needs. Addictions counselling is also offered at the facility, anger management counselling, and so on, depending on what the inmate needs are and what the reason is for their incarceration.
Even though they can’t leave jail, they also receive training so that they can get into the workforce after they leave jail, which is usually a graduation of high school. They also have a pre-vocational training program in the jail.
The Rankin Inlet Correctional Centre provides assistance to inmates.
There are different programs that we provide.
Mr. Nakasuk: I’m done.
We are on page 5.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance.
Total Department. Not Previously Authorized. $6,200,000.
Turn to page 6.
Department of Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Mr. Akeeagok, would you like to comment?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): No comment.
If it’s okay with you, we will move on to another department. We have witnesses available to answer questions. I would like to change my witnesses before we get into questions. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was going to give you an opportunity, but if you want to take this opportunity, that’s fine.
Sergeant-at-Arms, you can change the staff at this time.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witness?
Chairman (interpretation): Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the other official in.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your new witness.
Just coming in, to my left, is the Deputy Minister of Health and Social Services, Colleen Inuujaq Stockley.
Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized. Total Headquarters Region. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser: I made a mistake.
So I’m going to be asking a question on the Travel and Transportation Division.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Any questions under Directorate.
I don’t have too many questions, but when we’re talking about elders’ facilities in Nunavut, there are three continuing care facilities that will be funded by various elders.
A couple of days ago, when I was asking questions about the feasibility of a pre-feasibility study in Igloolik and Gjoa Haven, they’re looking at expanding their elders’ facilities.
At that time the minister did not know how many beds there were going to be for the study.
So I’m just wondering if we can get an update as to where we are at with that.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the question.
This year’s Preplanning Action Plan is below that. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What will this preplanning entail and what is the status of it now?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like the Deputy Minister of Health to respond to that because he knows more about the capital.
The Department of Health already planned last year’s capital estimates for 2017-18.
Can the minister indicate if this project can proceed with the expansion of the Igloolik Health Centre?
With that in mind, after the election, I’m sure the government was going to have a new agenda, but I’m just wondering if there are any options for expanding the facility in Igloolik.
It hasn’t gone very far, but we expect that there will be more movement once we know the government’s mandate.
In conclusion, when we talk about the use of government resources to identify deficiencies in our infrastructure, I would suggest to the department that some of the responsibilities that come out of this government are in the area of elder care.
Mr. Speaker, I am optimistic that this is an ongoing process to maximize the use of existing infrastructure and identify opportunities within Nunavut for new infrastructure that is currently on the waiting list.
That was more of a comment.
I would like to follow up on my colleague’s questions regarding the operations of elders’ homes.
I would like to know what the breakdown of the $900,000 is.
I’m just wondering if the minister could give us an idea of what infrastructure is going to be allocated to those homes.
The $900,000 is divided into three regions, totalling $300,000 each for three elders.
Mr. Maine (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I’m just wondering if the minister is referring to the Nunavut Housing Corporation.
What is the process of the Department of Health and Social Services announcing any cost savings?
The three communities that are operated by the government, not by the government, have recently issued new contracts. This has been one of them.
If there is a need to increase or decrease, then the Department of Health and Social Services and the Department of Health and Social Services meet with the Department of Health and Social Services.
When they have to work together, they work together.
They meet the requirements of Canada and Nunavut.
In this report, it talks about the three facilities that have just opened and require two- and three-level residential care. There are a number of factors that indicate that the majority of these homes are in need of higher-quality care and aging facilities.
Going back to the money, I’m just wondering: in the next few years, do they anticipate that the cost of operating these facilities will continue to increase or is there going to be a cap or is there going to be an increase in the cost of operating them?
At the beginning of the contract, three were under the Department of Family Services.
The Department of Health finally took over the contract in April 2017.
What we brought to the attention of the Department of Health and Social Services is a little bit different than the Department of Family Services. We looked at it from a medical standpoint. It was based on the level of care that they are receiving and who they are receiving.
One of the recommendations was the Food Mail Program.
When we looked at the contract, the elders’ facility was not able to provide the services that were required.
We’re projecting a deficit of $855,000 last year and we’re looking at a budget proposal of almost $900,000 right now.
If I’m wrong, you can correct me if I’m looking at the budget for mental health services across Nunavut.
We have to deal with trauma.
Is there any talk of setting aside money for mental health treatment?
We’re here. We’re just talking about additional O&M. We’re not talking about actual costs.
I don’t think that’s fair enough for the Legislative Assembly or any other way.
Do you have any further questions, Ms. Towtongie?
Thank you for that clarification.
The Mental Health Contract for 2017-18 was $16.7 million. I think it was $6.2 million. What is the status of that?
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, we’re on $5.9 million and that’s part of the $43.1 million that the member is asking about.
The exact details of the $16 million and the $10 million is there.
Perhaps I can get Deputy Minister Stockley to elaborate on the details. Through you, Deputy Minister Stockley, why there is an additional $10 million for this project? If you can allow him to respond.
It’s good to hear that Nunavutmiut are asking for help, and I think that’s one of the things that I’m trying to say is that I think it’s good to hear that Nunavutmiut are asking for help, and I think that’s one of the things that I’m talking about.
That’s why we have increased the number of people going to treatment centres.
I know they have mental health problems and addictions.
There are also costs outside of the Department of Health and Social Services. Under the Department of Justice, there are court-ordered detoxification programs that go through the Department of Health and Social Services.
Before we proceed to Directorate, we will take a five-minute break.
>>Committee recessed at 18:03 and resumed at 18:10
I would like to call the committee meeting back to order.
Total Health and Social Services. $43,100,000.
Under the Out-of-Territory Long-Term Care Strategy, you have identified the need for palliative care.
There is no Dementia Research Centre in Nunavut.
That’s what I’m interested in.
Are they looking at the possibility of having a Dementia Research Centre in Nunavut?
It’s one of them right away, but it’s not at the top level.
These are the types of initiatives that are being undertaken by the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth.
On the same page, the Out-of-Territory Long-Term Health and Social Services Annual Report, the last paragraph on the Non-Insured Health Benefits Program is under the Non-Insured Health Benefits Program.
Mr. Speaker, I kind of woke up to the minister’s letter. The breakdown of the department did not include any of the items within the budget to address the deficit.
So I’m just wondering if his department is going to spend all of its money in this area.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
This year, we’re requesting $5.9 million for adult care and we’re requesting $5.9 million to send the elders to the appropriate facilities. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question was more in relation to the Department of Health’s overall budget.
If I’m wrong, Deputy Minister Stockley can correct that.
However, I believe that was a question that I can answer with respect to the over-expenditures that have been incurred by the Department of Health and Social Services.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for clarifying that.
The money hasn’t been spent within the department, so we move the money over to the Department of Health and Social Services.
The balance for the Department of Health is $49 million.
The letter that I just sent today will be translated into Inuktitut today. It was sent in English on Friday and the attachment doesn’t have a number on the over-expenditures and over-expenditures.
That’s a very small amount compared to what we’re asking for in the supplementary appropriation. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Although I appreciate you mentioning the Schedule for the Mobile Equipment Fund, I was trying to refer to the letter that we received from the minister on page 4. It’s broken down into different programs and funding.
Under the Department of Family Services, I’m just wondering: what is the department doing to advertise the surplus that they can use for recycling?
Why hasn’t the Department of Health done that?
The Department of Health and Social Services or the Department of Health had no indication that they were going to have a surplus.
On page 5, it states that the Department of Health and Social Services will require an additional $49 million. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It doesn’t talk about the Department of Health and Social Services.
In the Department of Health and Social Services, as I know, there’s a breakdown of the amount of money that’s left over in the last couple of years.
Can the minister provide us with a breakdown of all of the Department of Health’s programs that have surpluses in their deductions when there is a deficit?
You’re asking for very detailed information that may not be available at this time.
Minister Akoak…
…Mr. Akeeagok, go ahead.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for recognizing me.
We don’t have that level of detail.
We will be able to table it in the House at a later date. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’ll move on to Elders’ Facility Operations and Maintenance.
On the second bullet, it states that at present, elders’ facilities are operated under contract by non-profit Nunavut organizations.
I just want to say that this is a very good program for any Nunavut organization.
So I’m hoping that they will be contracting as many people as possible.
Moving on to the next bullet, it talks about 24-hour seniors and it states that the Department of Health provides housing 24-hour, 7-day-a-week for the Department of Health and Social Services.
The Senior Citizen Supplementary Benefit Policy states that the Senior Citizen Supplementary Benefit Program has to be administered according to the Act.
I would like to ask the Department of Health and Social Services whether or not the elders’ facilities meet the minimum requirements.
I responded to that question a little while ago.
The Department of Health and Social Services has entered into a new contract. This increase is due to the Department of Health’s Code of Values and Ethics.
The Department of Health and Social Services meets regularly to make sure that everything is being followed.
Mr. Mason.
Can you clarify if these elders’ facilities meet minimum level of care?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
It’s a new contract and we have increased it by $900,000 to $5.9 million.
They have been assured by the three organizations that they will try to keep up with that and they will try to keep up with that, but they haven’t really reached the level of care that they need.
As the minister indicated, they’re trying to catch up on that. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you.
I’m getting a little bit quiet now.
In regard to medical travel, they’re asking for $50 million, and I have brought this up many times in the House about patients who go to hospitals who don’t have an appointment, especially in my constituency, who go to Winnipeg and then find out that they don’t have an appointment set up.
Does the Department of Health and Social Services have a list of patients who have gone down to Winnipeg who have been cancelled their appointments and are not kept informed of them, and I’m just wondering if the Department of Health has a list of how much it costs for those patients who didn’t have an appointment, travel, accommodation, and so on. (interpretation) Thank you, Thank you, Mr. Mr. Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Minister of Health has committed to reviewing all patients and those patients who have not been seen or changed due to appointments.
One of the things that the government is looking at is actually looking at doing a thorough review of the Consumer Affairs Act to find out where the wrongdoing occurred.
Mr. Speaker, our MLAs have been asking questions about these types of things and we hope to include them in the review.
I would like to thank the member for raising this issue and we can look into it together.
That will be part of the review process to make sure that people who went to see a doctor have no appointment. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I look forward to the review report.
At this time, there was $5.5 million for TB cases in Broughton Island and I believe it was on February 26, the federal government made a significant amount of money to ITK. I believe it was $82 million and $80 million was set aside for TB testing.
Has the government, or Health and Social Services made a request or has ITK made a request to assist with this? We received some funding from the Government of Nunavut. Has our government discussed this matter with them to see if they can contribute to the cost of tuberculosis?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That’s a very good question.
At this time, the Government of Canada announced that the 2018-19 budget will be included in the Inuit-specific TB Prevention Strategy, which again states that ITK will allocate funding over a five-year period for the Inuit Circumpolar Conference.
At this time, the Department of Health and Social Services Advisory Committee, which is comprised of representatives from Inuit communities, and the Department of Health and Social Services is part of that committee.
At this time, the additional funding that was going to be provided by the federal government, and I as the Minister of Finance haven’t seen the details yet.
I look forward to seeing more details. If Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami does a good job, they understand us very well as the Department of Health and Social Services.
That’s how it works.
We will be kept informed as to what’s happening with that. Through the minister, we will be kept informed on that very good question.
I would like to ask another question in regards to medical travel.
It states here that medical travel has no control over the issue of interest rates and contract increases.
I’m just wondering if the Department of Health has any idea why the costs are going up.
With the 5.6 percent projected annual cost increase, what are the main reasons for this increase?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. Stockley, to answer that question.
Medical travel and medivac travel are increasing every year.
We’re seeing more and more patients going to the hospital on scheduled medical travel, so that could be a good thing because they’re diagnosed early and that’s why they’re sent out.
At the same time, tuberculosis has been very high. Across Canada, we have the lowest vaccination rates in Canada. That’s one of the reasons why it’s so low.
I’ll give you an example.
There were approximately 60 medical evacuations in December.
We are continually reviewing the number of medevacs every week, but at this time of year, in the springtime, people who are suffering from respiratory illnesses have to face emergencies.
The combination of medical travel and medivac travel has all increased.
Mr. Chairman, I’m not going to go into the details, but I’m just trying to find out what the reasons are for the increase.
Is the population in Nunavut going to be good? Are they getting sick?
Can I get a little bit of an explanation? My question is: are we catching up or are we falling behind with the number of people who are sick?
I would like Deputy Minister Stockley to respond to that.
It’s unfortunate that the Department of Health and Social Services has one of the highest rates of overcrowding in Canada. Overcrowding causes a lot of health problems, but we have made some progress, but I’m sure that it will alleviate some of the housing shortages.
We also added the additional load for the Baffin Regional Hospital.
We try to reduce the amount of medical travel.
We are moving forward.
The other category is the Telehealth Technology Program in the three regions.
You’re going to be hearing more about the operations and maintenance budget.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I look forward to the Main Estimates for the Department of Health and Social Services.
Under the Mental Health Supplementary Appropriation of $10.5 million, I think it’s encouraging to hear that these are very important issues.
When I look at the substantiation sheet, it doesn’t indicate what the reason is for the increase of $10.5 million.
I’m just wondering: has your department been pressuring the government to increase the number of people with mental health issues and what is the reason for that?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Both diagnosis and mental health issues.
During the Fourth Legislative Assembly, suicide prevention was declared an urgent need for the government to take action.
With the new system in place, we will continue to encourage people who haven’t been trained to be diagnosed by a doctor.
It will change the lives of our people and make sure that Members of the Legislative Assembly continue to raise this issue in the House and the public.
My last question on the Mental Health Strategy is: how many services are we providing to people in care outside of Nunavut with mental health issues?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 64.
How does it change from the past?
We don’t have that information in front of us, but if the member wants that information, we will be able to provide it to him, perhaps in the O&M budget.
I’ll move on to something else about the Qikiqtarjuaq TB study. I think all of us agree that it’s very encouraging to hear.
Will the equipment and equipment be kept by the Department of Health and Social Services for testing in other communities or are they too small or will they remain in the community?
Through you, I’ll have Deputy Minister Stockley respond to that question.
I’m just wondering if the minister could comment on whether or not that equipment is going to be included in the capital estimates for the Department of Health and Social Services.
I am lost.
It’s under capital. Can I get clarification on that?
Through you, I’ll have my Deputy Minister, Stockley, respond to that question.
The majority of these assets came from the federal government.
Some of the things that we received from the federal government are things like a bathtub, a Red Seal, a Wizard, a Band-Aid Kit, a Band-Aid, a Band-Aid, a Bed-Aid, a Department of Health, and so on.
Mr. Maine: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question, probably my last question.
Under the Department of Health and Social Services Recruitment and Retention Strategy, the department has been very successful in reducing the number of agency nurses.
I would like to ask, this year’s payments from previous years, what changes have been made to the funding that is being paid to them?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Instead of hiring agency nurses, we are using more nurses here in Nunavut.
Over the last year to date, we have been using more of our nurses.
This is my last question.
If I get the breakdown of the $8.6 million, I would appreciate it.
Broken down by category, for the 2017-18 fiscal year, full-time employees were understaffed by a surplus of $52.5 million, casuals’ budgets exceeded $45.3 million, overtime pay, $15.7 million, and a catalogue of nurses exceeded $0.1 million, totalling over $8.6 million.
I just have one question. Just to break down what you said, I just want to add to Mr. Maine’s question.
I don’t want to get into the details.
If there is a nurse in Sanikiluaq who is in an emergency situation in the middle of the night, when someone has to leave, they have to work overtime. I know the staff have to work overtime.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I know the minister was answering questions today about what the department is doing to recruit nurses.
I’ll leave that alone for now.
But I just want to say that when we look at the budgets of the Department of Health and Social Services, physicians, contract psychiatrists, medical travel, and so on, it’s always shown up as supplementary appropriations every year.
The number for Mental Health and Social Services has changed drastically from last year. I think it was $6.8 million to $7.8 million in supplementary appropriations last year.
Earlier in my Member’s Statement on the budget process, what changes have been made, the Minister of Finance indicated that they haven’t made any changes at this time, but I believe that it’s time to make real changes because we keep coming back and forth and approving them as they always do in supplementary appropriations.
When you know that you’re going to have to go over budget, when you’re actually setting up the main estimates, you’re going to have to come up with the dollar values that are needed instead of adding to it.
That’s just a comment, but I would like to hear from the minister on that comment.
I feel exactly the same way. I think that’s one of the things that we’re looking at seriously is the fact that the Legislative Assembly of the Fifth Legislative Assembly has been considering these issues. We’ve had discussions with some departments, the Department of Health, and the Department of Justice continually come back for supplementary appropriations.
I’m very pleased that we’re discussing this in the main estimates and I’m working closely with my colleagues on this.
I have answered some of the health issues. Ever since I became the minister, the Department of Health has always been called the Department of Health and Social Services.
That’s one of the things that we need to do, to get the main estimates right, to correct the errors, to make sure that they are corrected, without changing the budgeting process, we need to recognize that we need to do that.
We have to go through the Legislative Assembly to make those changes.
One of our Members of the Regular Members’ Statements made a very interesting point.
I am also saying that we have to work closely together as Members of the Legislative Assembly, because we really need that.
The 2017-18 over budget is one of the challenges that we face, and I look forward to working with the Premier and the Members of the Legislative Assembly. We don’t need to be in this House. If we know exactly how much money each department spends, then we don’t need to go back to the House.
I just wanted to say that and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for giving me this opportunity.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appreciate the minister recognizing that there is a need for improvement.
Again, I just wanted to reiterate, as he had indicated, that the Department of Justice has always had an impact on the attendance of the people that are sitting with us. The overtime for nurses and other legislation goes back and forth to the Legislative Assembly and I’m going to bring that up for the next three and a half years.
Again, I think they need to be formally recognized and I think the Minister of Human Resources is looking at how we can ensure that the government’s capacity is filled.
As we move forward in developing the existing positions in our organizational structure, if we fill those positions where there are weaknesses, Mr. Maine talked about how challenging jobs in the public service can be that cause stress and illness to some of our employees, we need to take a step back and evaluate how we can move forward in filling those positions, where our strengths and strengths are.
If I’m talking about overtime, I’m looking forward to finding out more and moving forward, where priorities are and initiatives, so we can look forward to what we can do.
That was just a comment.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have one question. The Mental Health Contract and the Mental Health Services Contract, on the fourth bullet, it states that “The Department of Justice pays for the Medical Travel Contract.” Is that included in the $10.5 million?
I’ll make it brief. Yes, it’s members.
Mr. Lighthizer, do you have any further questions?
My final question is in regard to Mr. Maine and Mr. Hickes’ questions.
That’s my last question. It’s an $8.6 million deficit. It’s just an indication of a $143 million shortfall. You’re indicating $151 million to $8.6 million.
Is that for all the salaries and benefits of the department?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Yes, those are for compensation and benefits.
Mr. Lighthizer: Thank you Mr. Chairman.
Is this $151 million 100 percent accurate?
This represents a $25 million increase in compensation and benefits.
I don’t think anyone has ever been at 100 percent.
As I mentioned earlier, the full-time, part-time, overtime orders, if I put them together, I think what we’re trying to do is we’re asking for $8.6 million. That’s what we’re asking for in our estimates for compensation and benefits.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Just a few minutes from now, there are a lot of things on the list.
Moving on to the minister’s letter on page 4, the Medical Travel Policy was $63.8 million for the fiscal year 2017-18.
I am just wondering why the money was allocated in the 2016-17 fiscal year?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. If I can just wait a moment for 2016-17, I don’t have that information in front of me.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lighthizer, we’re trying to deal with 2016-17, not 2017-18.
I’ll try and keep in mind that 2016-17 is off the books.
I was asking about the Medical Travel Budget last year. What I would like to do is what the department will be allocating for 2018-19?
For 2017-18, he doesn’t anticipate next year, but Mr. Akeeagok may not have the figures in front of him, Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) I think it’s too early for the May budget speech for 2018-19.
We are voting on interim appropriations for 2017-18. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What I’m saying again is that there is a problem with the formula that the minister provided. There are a lot of differences in the actual expenditures. The actual expenditures that we’ve been doing on an annual basis until the correction is made, I would hope to be in place for the next year, but at that time I will be making a formal request for the Department of Health’s operations and maintenance budget.
So I don't want to see the Legislative Assembly seeing additional funding every year.
So I would like to get into the details of the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth.
That’s more of a comment.
Chairman (interpretation): Mr. Qirngnuq, do you have a question?
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I have one question in regard to medical travel. In order to be clear in English, the third bullet for April, the number of scheduled air ambulances has increased from last year.
It talks about medical travel. The increase in the number of people with chronic illnesses has increased and the number of births has increased.
However, the cost of medical travel is going up.
Mr. Mikkungwak, do you have a question?
I’m sorry, I thought you had your hand up.
We are on Health. Operations and Maintenance.
We’re done. $43,100,000. If you go down to the bottom, Total Department. $49 million.
Not previously authorized.
Go back to page 2. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Schedule 1. Operations and Maintenance. Supplementary Appropriation. $56,602,000.
Go to Bill 3 in your legislation binder.
I’m sorry, let me backtrack.
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-18.
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2. Schedule. Supplementary Appropriation for 2017-18. Vote 1. Operations and Maintenance. Total Appropriation. $56,602,000.
Clause 4. Agreed?
Chairman: Clause 5. Agreed?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree to Bill 3 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62(2) that Bill 3 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (interpretation ends) Mr. Chairman, I really appreciate the questions that were posed in the Main Estimates for the coming year, and the hard work of our staff in putting together the best estimates that we can do here.
With that, we will be able to adjust the budget.
Before we move on to the next bill, please remove the Members of the Legislative Assembly.
I thank the minister for his good work and I will now rise to report progress.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you. Did you want someone else to bring in?
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witness out.
Moving on, Bill 4.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed with your opening comments.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I am here to present Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-18, No. 4.
Through this bill, the government is requesting an additional $96,000 for 2017-18.
This supplementary appropriation will provide the Department of Community and Government Services with a non-cash contribution of $96,000, as a result of interest adjustments in negotiations, settlements for leases with the Nunavut Construction Corporation for the Legislative Assembly building, and nine GN offices across the territory.
I would be pleased to take questions and comments.
Are there any general comments on the minister’s opening comments?
It’s the first time that I’ve been involved in that. I’m just wondering why we have to do that.
Can’t the Department of Community and Government Services find their own capital dollars?
Mr. Speaker, one of the things that we need to do in the Financial Administration Manual is to make sure that the interest rate is transparent and transparent.
I don’t think anyone would get any money until they paid those interest rates were higher than expected. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-18, No. 4. Community and Government Services. Not Previously Authorized. Total Community Programs. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to page 2.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, 2017-18, No. 4. Schedule 1. Capital. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to Bill 4 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-18, No. 1. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2.
Schedule. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 2.
Total Capital Expenditures. $96,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree to Bill 4 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62(2) that Bill 4 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing comments?
On behalf of the Auditor General of Canada and the Department of Finance, I thank you all for approving this non-cash item.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Sergeant-at-Arms, please escort the witnesses out.
We have concluded the Committee of the Whole. I now recognize the clock and report progress to the Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): Orders of the Day.
Mr. Rumbolt.
Your committee has been considering Bills 2, 3, and 4 and would like to report that Bills 2, 3, and 4 are concluded and that Bills 2, 3, and 4 are immediately ready for third reading.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the Report of the Committee of the Whole be agreed to.
Thank you, Mr. Maine.
All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Item 21.
Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Aggu, that Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018, be read for the third time.
To the motion.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
The motion is carried and Bill 2 is ready for assent.
Third Reading of Bills.
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I will second the motion.
It has been a long day.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, that Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018, be read for the third time.
The motion is carried and Bill 3 is ready for assent.
Item 21, Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet South, that Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-18, be read for the third time. (interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Thank you. The motion is carried and Bill 4 is ready for assent.
Mr. Clerk, can you ascertain if the Commissioner of Nunavut is ready to enter the House to give assent to bills.
Assent to Bills
Commissioner Nellie Kusugak (interpretation): Members, please be seated.
Welcome.
As Commissioner of Nunavut, I am pleased to give assent to the following bills.
Bill 1, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 2, 2018-19;
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018;
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-18; and
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-18.
It has been a few months since I swore in your oath of office as Members of the Legislative Assembly.
Since that time, you have worked hard to create new programs that represent Nunavut and Nunavummiut.
We expect that spring will start tomorrow, June 20, and we expect that the days will start to get warmer and beautiful.
NOW THEREFORE I CLOSE the First Session of the Fifth Legislative Assembly and all Members of the Legislative Assembly reconvene at 1:30 p.m. tomorrow for the opening of the Second Session.
Speaker (interpretation): Before we go to Item 22, I have an announcement to make.
As Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Chair of the Nunavut Order Council, I am honoured to take this opportunity to announce this year’s recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
On January 1, 2010, the Order of Nunavut Act came into force.
This means that individuals can be recognized for their hard work and dedication to Nunavummiut and to our communities.
The Order of Nunavut is the highest honour of all Government of Nunavut recipients, medals or medals.
To date, 15 individuals have been awarded the Order of Nunavut.
These individuals have been recognized for their hard work and dedication in a number of areas, including public service broadcasting, education, language advocacy, diversity leadership, and growth.
Mr. Speaker, I am particularly proud to announce two of the recipients of the Order of Nunavut this year: Ms. Vardy Brewster and the other one is Mr. Ludy Palluq.
I am very pleased to have Mr. Palluq in the House today.
Welcome, Mr. Palluq.
As my colleagues are aware, Betty Brewster is well known as an interpreter for many years.
In 2016, she was recognized for her work and dedication in her work with the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit Language Award.
Mr. Pudluk was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of service, Mr. Palluq represented the High Arctic communities and played a key role in the creation of Nunavut.
I am pleased to announce that the Order of Nunavut will be sponsored by Ms. Brewster and Mr. Palluq during the spring 2018 sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
The presentation to the Legislative Assembly will take place here and will be broadcast across Nunavut.
Congratulations to Commissioner Nellie Kusugak, who will be the recipient of the Order of Nunavut, and I anticipate that all Members of the Legislative Assembly will be here with you on this exciting day.
We will now go back to the orders of the day.
Item 22, Orders of the Day.
Orders of the Day for March 20:
Opening Address
This House stands adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, 2018, at 1:30 p.m.
>>House adjourned at 19:25
Hon. David Akeeagok
Hon. Patterk Angnakak
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for Elders’ Advocate; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak
Minister of Justice; Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation; Minister responsible for the Status of Women; Minister of Human Resources
George Hickes
Hon. David Joanasie
Minister of Culture and Heritage; Minister of Education; Minister of Languages; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Joelie Qarnik
Mila Kamingoak
Hon. Quassa Kusugak
Minister of Community and Government Services; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Adam Lightstone
Aarluk Main
(Arviat North-Whale Cove)
Simeon Mikkungwak
Margaret Nakashuk
Patterk Netser
Emiliano Qingaq
(Nattilik)
Hon. Paul Quassa
Deputy Premier; Minister of Family Services; Minister responsible for Homelessness; Minister responsible for Immigration
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik
Government House Leader; Minister of Economic Development and Transportation; Minister of Energy; Minister of Environment
Qatani Towtongie
The Reverend visits the Cathedral of Nunavut
“The North right now is linked to what is happening tonight.”
"Rodney Howard-Brown, the Reverend Evangelicals of Florida, is ordained in Iqaluit on August 27."
(Photographer Thomas Runner)
By Thomas Roaner Nunatsiaq News
"Religious Reverend Evangelistic, better known for actions, climate change, and economies of the world that will eliminate the Sacramento faithful, came to the Iqaluit Church on August 27."
"Rodney Herbert-Browne, a Saud Africa resident who moved to the Jonathan Styles, told delegates here in the Tampa Bay area last year that world leaders honoured Lucifer and drank Inuit blood donation."
He preached for over an hour at the Iqaluit church to over 100 people.
But the information is not for everyone.
“The whole North right now is tied to what is happening tonight.
"If you want Light (Ozone), please stand here (Parish Table), or you can leave."
"It is up to you,” Mr. Huffett-Brown said after two and a half hours of work."
Approximately 50 people attended.
“I didn't fly several thousand miles to play.
"I didn't come here to be liked, and I didn't come here to ask for your permission…remember: When Jesus died of a stroke, he wanted people to leave the room.”"
"The turnout was mostly Inuit with infants, teenagers and elders."
"Inside the church at the Christian Vallis Church in the Iqaluit Rued Noor area, children running between chairs."
"On the outside, the church and the mosque face each other just behind the parking lot, both facing Ted Doug Lake."
"Herbert-Brown’s guidance was part of an organized event from Bill Prankard Evangelistic Association’s Arctic Hope Project, in Ottawa."
The organization did not respond to Nunatsiaq News when it was drafted to hear about this issue.
"The Evangelical History Program, which is the 119 out of 300 people to attend in all of Nunavut’s major events, began after an hour of action."
"First, the Iqaluit Parish Choir launched the evening in Iqaluit followed by the Evangelical Reverend Louis Arreak, who helped set up the Christian Vallis Church."
"Eric Garnier, the Reverend of the Howard-Brown Revel of the Church of England, gave a 40-minute speech about the President."
"Louis Arreak, the Iqaluit Pangilistic and singer, sings Rodney Haufer-Brown before his speech."
(Picture by Rebel Ministers Enterprises)
”God loves a generous donor”
Mr. Garnier asked attendees to submit their email addresses to the registrar and to follow the Huffin-Brown Instagram.
He issued permits to purchase the Hayward-Brown Okpik products.
"The author of Howard-Brown’s book, Killing the World, talks about the experiences of the Troubled Economy 200 years ago."
"“This is talking about someone who doesn't like Sacramento, that's exactly what he's talking about,” Mr. Garnier says."
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Garnier then presented an 18-minute video about Howard-Brown’s history (Evangelical).
"At the end of the video, Ms. Howard-Brown prayed that those who donate money to the church of God would be given something for the spirits that the church has protected."
"“God loves a donor,” Ms. Howard-Brown said in the video."
Mr. Garnier honoured his parents at the end of the video.
"“One is spreading and one is collecting and we are celebrating the vegetables, so if you have a spreadsheet here, it goes to the church in your account."
That is amazing.”
"He then handed out the bags to be placed and told these people that in their capacity to get the “best gift to the soul,” whether it be financial, financial, or financial, to go to RMI Canada, using a credit card or their cellphones."
"“I keep telling people, instead of putting the biggest payroll into the CHTOs or the new telephone line…Let them use it for church promotion and spiritual blessing."
Is that correct?”
Many people filled out forms and taped the bag and put it in a blue summer tank.
Some people just turned around and held that bag in their hands.
One female Inuk grabbed a blank bag and put it in a canvas.
Mr. Speaker, the issue of accessing assistance in a country that is very difficult for many. Almost half of Nunavut’s population is dependent on income support, including food security and housing insecurity.
"Ms. Howard-Brown did not respond to requests for an interview from Nunatsiaq News, so it is unclear how much she earned."
Mr. Speaker, his Income Support Program is confidential to anyone. However, his website states that he provides training in 158 communities.
It also states that individuals wishing to participate in the FANS program are eligible for income tax credits.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Garnier told the attendees to raise their hands and hold the donations of the Rebel Church.
"“Dad, we thank you for this gift, and we thank you for representing your soul, let it go to our bank account,” Mr. Garnier says."
Three litres of fuel were collected at full capacity.
Rodney Howard-Brown imitates the woman's upper hand with his hand.
Reverend Patterk Netser called his friend
"The Reverend Evangelist is already based in Nunavut, escorting most of the communities."
"The Bingo Symposium held annually and, between the 2000’s, steadily increased."
"One official responsible for such a summit, Roger Armbuster, told Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that these conferences are a major sticker for issues such as social breakdowns such as violence and abuse."
But Ms. Howard-Brown's model of investing in reclamation and reality therapy may be new to Nunavut.
"Patterk Netser, a long-time advocate of Christian religion and now Nunavut’s Minister of Housing and Nunavut Arctic College, has been called Herbert-Brown’s “Oskimo Friend” and has told him that climate change is not true."
"Mr. Netser declined to be interviewed in Nunatsiaq News but said, “Ronnie is a friend of mine and we talk to each other.”"
"When asked to respond to Ms. Howard-Brown’s numerous press shots, which have also said that the United States Supreme Court should be shot in the U.S. Constitution is unacceptable, Mr. Netser says, “What happens in America is not my responsibility."
I am especially concerned about my constituents and the people of Nunavut.”
"Rodney Howard-Brown, the Reverend Evangelicals of Florida, holds a ceremony in Iqaluit on August 27. (photographer Thomas Runner)"
“Tonight’s light on the ice”
"After an hour of action, Ms. Howard-Brown -- the main focus -- turned to the Reverend’s table."
"In “The Light Tonight on the Ice,” this missionary says to over 100 people, most of them Inuit, of all ages."
"“If you don't want the light, just run to the door while you can.”"
"Within an hour, Ms. Howard-Brown’s voice would turn louder and louder."
He would take a break and say, “What’s going to happen?” He would say, “What’s going to happen?” He would say, “What’s going to happen?” He would say, “What’s going to happen?” He would say, “What’s going to happen?”
"“I know I don't feel like I'm from Africa, so I'm because my parents used to let me in, they never let me out,” he says with a laugh."
“Moses was the first Secretariat (Talbot).
He broke the first one and had to go back and get another one.
And Adamie and Evie were the first ones to produce Apple products.”
"Mr. Howard-Brown gained a reputation, for his most part, by providing a laugh at the meetings and making the attendees laugh."
"His grandson was approached by an asthma attack when he was two years old and he laughed for 12 minutes before stopping, Horvath-Brown says."
Herbert-Brown has been a frequent critic of other Evangelicals who are also proud of the world.
Referred to as the Auditor General of Canada, where religious preachers become humorous and chaotic, Mr. Herbert-Brown has responded to the protesters by saying that they are not satisfied with the breath and that they are going to go to a dangerous place.
"Mr. Arreak, from Iqaluit as Vangillis and as a singer who helped with this event, gave members a laugh during his preamble."
"“This is not a funeral, why are people sad?”"
Herbert-Brown said that.
Mr. Arreak is laughing.
“We are serving Jesus and he is alive.”
Mr. Arreak laughed loudly.
"“I like this missionary,” he says to Mr. Arreak, his laughter is louder."
Mr. Howie-Brown shares a laugh while others are just laughing.
“They are very happy.
"Enjoy the water, from places like reservoirs forever.”"
Mr. Arreak laughed and started laughing. He started beating from the roof of the house.
“This is real.
No one is going to be arrested tonight.”
"Mr. Arreak, who has told the Nunatsiaq News that he does not want to speak to the media, laughs again."
"Ms. Howard-Brown also spoke in plain language, saying that the language was understood in the aboriginal language of Omar Papua, the New Guinea missionary."
(interpretation ends) Man-on-C-Pa.
"Ron-Pam-Goo-Pa,” he says."
Rodney Howard-Browne is inviting guests to the church table so that they can have a bright air.
Some Not Laughing
However, many Mr. Howard-Brown preachers don't find it funny and funny.
There were a lot of shuffles coming out when he wasn't finished.
"Without touching the unilingual attendees, Ms. Howard-Brown had two people yelling at her before they left."
“Where are you going Brenda?
Hi.
Hi!
Are you leaving?”
Mr. Howard-Brown said to one man and he was silent as he left the church.
"“You come in and take pictures on your phone and then you leave."
You are a reporter for the Daily News here?”
The attendees are laughing.
"“What would it be like to say when I take it and take it back ... find out who it is and why it is taking pictures and why to leave,” he says to one of his staff."
"After putting them in the booth after the presentation, Ms. Howard-Brown suddenly grabs the two ladies in the seats because they don't like their sight."
“Are you back alive?
"What are you, Jeff Whitehorse?”"
The audience is laughing.
“I have never seen people sitting right at the edge of the House who can't change.
"So you can jump around in other places, or maybe you are better than others.”"
The two ladies got up and started leaving.
“I’m just trying to ask a question.
"That’s what I do, it’s my job."
I know the human health condition.
Don't be anything for me.
It is not a laughing matter.
The whole North right now is tied to what is happening tonight.”
Event staff are telling attendees not to take pictures or recordings.
"However, they filmed the whole process."
There are even people running around crying when Heather-Brown touches them and they are filmed very close to them.
"Photographs from Rebel Churches on NTC’s Facebook page show a number of people attending despite the loss of their face -- their faces are visible, iced, mouths closed, or just lying on the floor."
Lady Harvard-Brown touched her hand on the floor and cried under the thin mattress.
"In front of him, Mr. Howard-Brown and his staff go to touch a couple of people."
This event was originally geared towards St. Jude.
"This event was originally intended to be here at St. Jude’s Anglican Church in Iqaluit, but it was changed."
"This change was changed by invitations from Ms. Howard-Browne, Secretary General of St. Joamie."
"David Parsons, the Anglican Bishop of the North, said he was not aware that Ms. Howard-Brown was going to be ordained in St. Jude."
"If he had known, he is saying that he would have resigned because Ms. Howard-Brown was overwhelming."
"As a result, the Local Anglican Church did not comply with the requirement to have permission from the Bishop for the event, Mr. Parsons says."
"The Anglican Church is responsible for instilling sensitivity, and also deals with other religious groups, Mr. Parsons says."
"“But there is a good belief in each other, and you don't deal with issues that would not be acceptable to religion and people who go to church there.”"
In Ms. Howe-Brown's case it seems to be another matter.
“I am not here to fight for religious wishes.
"If religion was to be an Arctic event, then it would be a historical event in the North,” he says to the audience."
“I don't come for invitations.
"Need…if you have enough light, please be receptive.”"
"With poor attendance, Canada has quietly launched a new Northern Policy Document"
Liberals say this new policy creates a “huge change of direction”
"Many harpoons grow in Cape Dorset, Nunavut."
"In the federal election tomorrow, the Liberal Government unveiled the long awaited Northern Policy Framework."
(File Photo)
By Jim Bell
"The day before the Federal Election Campaign began, the Liberal Government, with minimal turnout, launched its long-awaited Northern and Northern Policy Framework on September 10."
"This document, which marks the first phase of Continuing Action, replaces the Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s 2009 Northern Strategy and the Harper government’s 2010 Statement on Foreign Policy."
This is designed to guide federal policy in the North up to 2030 – but there is no implementation plan or political direction for future action.
"Those are the things that are going to be done in phase 2, the action plan states."
"Despite these efforts, this initiative from Carolyn Bennett, Minister of Public-Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Affairs, said that this policy document reflects a “huge change in direction to the Federal Government.”"
The introduction of this policy has been delayed as expected.
"Earlier this year, Mr. Barnabas announced that this policy would be introduced in June."
The CBC reported earlier this month that a news release scheduled to be held in Yellowknife in August has been cancelled.
"Under the Liberal Party Policy there are eight “Goals,” including action items, and ten (10) “Principles.”"
"It addresses a wide range of policy issues, including community and regional economic development, infrastructure, aboriginal rights, environmental protection, National Defense and Foreign Policy."
"When Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, on December 20, 2016, announced that his government would be developing a new policy, he even stated that there would be a “coordinated” approach between northern governments and aboriginal organizations."
"As a result, more than 25 aboriginal organizations, including the Government of Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, the Yukon, Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland-Labrador, participated in the framework."
"“In developing the Canadian Northern and Northern Policy Action Plan, our partners helped us understand and raise awareness of the limited opportunities and opportunities for different regions, responsibilities and land rights across the North,” Mr. Bennett said in a news release."
"And some of the partners also wrote letters of intent, which were produced in a separate policy document."
Some comments do not address federal policy
"For example, ITK, the Government of Nunavut, the Government of the Northwest Territories and the three territorial governments have shared their own personal terms."
But there is something happening.
These letters that have been submitted to the tribunal may not be able to represent the federal policy.
This is for example a sign that the Federal Government may run into conflicts of interest with the over 31 working groups.
"“While this action paper is part of the process, it is not a clear indication of the views of the Federal Government or other partners,” the action document states."
The document also states that the approval process was challenging.
"“The ideas, goals and goals and aspirations of the conference are based on many ideas and ideas."
What this means is that there are agreements between the federal government and the aboriginal people involved in the approval process.”
You can find garbage bags for northern policy and I am tabling it here.
8 Goals
"Here are eight goals in action, highlighting federal initiatives."
"• A strong, sustainable, diversified and sustainable community and regional economy."
• That Canada's North and Arctic Indigenous Peoples be sustainable and healthy.
• The people of Canada's North and the Arctic should be safe and protected.
• A stronger business environment where differences from other parts of Canada can be corrected.
• The Act is guided by the Arctic as an effective tool to develop new opportunities and opportunities.
• Knowledge and understanding of the guidelines for decision making.
• Canada’s Arctic and the Arctic’s livelihoods are healthy and continue to strive.
• Aajiiqatigiinniq helps to maintain and restore trust between indigenous and non-Inuit.
These objectives begin with a variety of “projects” that have been further identified.
Ten Principles
"In order to achieve these goals and objectives, the policy document outlines the principles underneath, which are designed to “continue to provide direction for implementation of the mandate”:"
"• Decisions about the North will be made in cooperation and involving northern interests, rights, needs and northern interests."
"• The rights and positions of federal, provincial, provincial, aboriginal and municipal governments will be respected."
"• Organizing must be used and respected, socially, culturally, economically and environmentally mindful."
"• Meeting with Aboriginal Peoples on an ongoing basis, using the work of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission as a starting point, would be a great achievement."
"• As climate change is a real issue on the land, action plans will be undertaken by a wide range of stakeholders, including its impact on indigenous peoples, who continue to rely on land and wildlife for cultural, economic and food security."
"• The Policy and Action Plan will identify inequities and equality, and implement resources such as the Gender-Based Analysis & Plus Strategy that will address potential impacts on different aspects of society."
"• This will be a process that takes into account various constitutional initiatives such as rights, interests and circumstances such as Inuit, Northern Indigenous and Métis are respected, clarified and implemented."
"• The Federal Government recognizes Inuit, First Nations and First Nations as aboriginal peoples of Canada, in this sense of inequity, rights knowledgeable communities, with their own history, with the federal government."
"• Working to build relationships based on the right, respect, teamwork must reflect the needs, priorities and circumstances of each individual."
"• All organizations, from independent sources to universities and colleges, as well as non-profit organizations, community organizations and independent Canadians, have a major role to play in building a stronger Canada’s North."
Nunavut Conservative Candidate Blasts Carbon Tax Increase Costs for “Every Thing”
Leona Aglukkaq discusses her campaign plans for Nunavut
"Leona Aglukkaq, a Nunavut Conservative candidate, shows Conservative President Andrew Chenier flowers at the Sylvia Grinnell Park during his visit to the city on June 19."
(Photographer Emma Toronto)
By Emma Tarrant
"The Nunavut Conservative candidate says that if the Conservative Party were to become a government, they would eliminate the carbon tax because it “increases the cost of everything else.”"
Leona Aglukkaq began her campaign in Nunavut travelling to communities.
Nunavut’s Solicitor General began her campaign with an event held in Iqaluit on September 12 at the Frobisher Lodge.
Afterwards she flew to Rankin Inlet the following day before returning to Iqaluit next week.
The Nunatsiaq News had an opportunity to talk to Ms. Aglukkaq while she was in Iqaluit.
"This carbon tax (Carbon Tax) “increases airfares, groceries, shipping, hunting and homeownership,” reads Aglukkaq's campaign poster."
Ms. Aglukkaq also told Nunatsiaq News that this tax has had a negative impact on day cares and seniors’ homes as a result of increased heating costs.
“All arts and crafts are affected by this carbon tax.”
Ms. Aglukkaq said.
“Mr. Speaker, the Smoke Tax Rebate Program, when we can’t afford it all, it’s like you can’t afford it. It’s like you can’t do the opposite of a computer.”
"However, George Hickes, the Nunavut Finance Minister, announced in May that under an agreement with Ottawa, electricity and aviation fuel in Nunavut now belonged to this tax, he said they were exempt."
The Government of Nunavut and the Government of Nunavut subsidizes half of the carbon tax for Nunavut residents.
"Ms. Aglukkaq’s candidates for Nunavut have four priorities: affordable housing, mental health and employment."
“How can we, as a government and the private sector and the Government of Nunavut, work together to address this huge housing need across the north?”
"Mr. Speaker, one of Ms. Aglukkaq’s campaign priorities is to “Develop an action plan that will include housing for special needs, elder housing and disability.”"
"Federal and territorial governments should also consider ways to promote homeownership, Mr. Okalik."
Ms. Aglukkaq also mentioned the Northern Employment Opportunities Program and the Mental Health Training Program for Nunavummiut.
"“Nunavut is a vast coastal jurisdiction in Canada and we are still left with the need for marine infrastructure in our communities, so we have to consider large scale projects like this in the North,” he says."
"“We need to address the need for housing, equipping Nunavummiut with mental health services so that we can help our communities.”"
"When asked if she would be relaxing the federal Nutrition North Canada Program, Ms. Aglukkaq said that the carbon tax on groceries has increased the cost of living through increased airfares."
"When asked if he thought about using this program, and if not, what he would do other than the carbon tax, he indicated that he would talk to the Nutrition North Canada Board."
"He said that once the Conservative Government becomes a government, this council would always exist."
“It is very important to have people in the north who can tell the government how to improve the program.
This is not a very good project.
Not everything is perfect in the world.
But there has to be a subsidy for northern food.”
"Ms. Aglukkaq did not want to be specific on how she would talk about the Nutrition North Canada Program, but said that there should be a subsidy for food and that “elimination” would not help."
"Recently, research published in the Canadian Public Health Association Journal suggested that food is becoming more difficult in Nunavut through the Nutrition North Canada Program, as outlined in the Canadian Community Health Survey."
"Ms. Aglukkaq indicated that her experience as the Minister of Environment would help to address climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but she did not specifically say what her role would be."
He stated that he would support the Kivalliq Hydro-Fibre Link and Greece Bay Road and the Kitikmeot Port Project.
“Are we going to be able to stop using fossil fuels in the near future?
"No,” he says."
"When Conservative President Andrew Schell travelled to Iqaluit last June, he stressed the need for Nunavut to develop a recycling program, saying it is a “real challenge” under the current Liberal Government."
Ms. Aglukkaq stated that she believes that policies have been put in place to talk to people about recycling development and that there is no guarantee that they will be put in place right now.
"“The Nunavut Land Claims Agreement provides information on how businesses should be dealt with in the north. The Land Claims Agreement, in my view, will be the most important environmental plan."
"It protects our land, protects our waters, protects our wildlife."
“It’s already set out the criteria for how projects should be done.
It has become a legal issue that we should be proud of.
"And the decisions on the north have to come from the people of the north, not from Ottawa.”"
"Ms. Aglukkaq left the headquarters to travel to Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on September 19, her office said."
"He also plans to go to Pangnirtung, Qikiqtarjuaq and Whale Cove before going to the Keewatin and the Kitikmeot."
Members to seek new Nunavut Languages Commissioner
Helen Klengenberg resigns from her position due to health issues
"Nunavut Legislative Assembly will soon be seeking a new Nunavut Languages Commissioner, following Helen Klengenberg’s resignation from her position."
Mr. Clendenberg has been the Languages Commissioner since 2017.
By Nunatsiaq News
"Nunavut’s Legislative Assembly will soon be seeking a new Languages Commissioner, following the resignation of Helen Klengenberg from this position."
"Mr. Clendenberg, Nunavut’s languages commissioner, effective June 2017, resigned not too long ago due to health issues."
"As the Languages Commissioner is responsible for the Solicitor General of Nunavut and is required to report to the Legislative Assembly, we now have Mr. Clendenberg’s successor."
"That would be done through the Management and Services Board, which is the Standing Committee of Members responsible for the Legislative Assembly's operations, as Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a brief statement since September 17."
"“I think the Management and Services Board will start the process of hiring this person in the near future and we will make an announcement if necessary on an interim basis,” Mr. Mikkungwak said."
"The role of the Languages Commissioner, under the mandate of the Official Languages Act, is to provide language rights monitoring in Nunavut."
"Klengenberg was appointed in 2017 after a lengthy search for almost a year, with the sudden resignation of Sandra Inutiq in June 2016."
Inutiq resigned from her position a month after submitting a report on the Qikiqtani General Hospital stating that the hospital does not have a language policy and does not provide services to Inuktitut and French-speaking patients.
He also indicated that the Deputy Minister of Health spent a year trying to get the necessary documentation for the assessment.
"Subsequently, the Legislative Assembly put out an RFP for the position three times before Mr. Clendenberg was appointed."
"In 2017, the Languages Commissioner’s position had annual pay ranges from $119,000 to $170,000 a year, northern allowance of $15,016 a year, 25 days a year for paid leave and other benefits."
Canadian Inuit Association Expanding Action on Inuit Land
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami's campaign priorities included reducing inequity, building workplaces, increasing Inuit Business Incentives"
The Canadian Inuit Association is proposing a broader economic strategy for the Inuit homelands that is “consistent with the development of a National Railway Link or a Railway Link between Canada’s East and West.”
The Canadian Inuit Association issued a major announcement to whoever will become the Federal Administrator: initiate a major Canadian sovereignty program in the Inuit homelands that is “consistent with the development of a National Railway Link or Railway Link from Eastern Canada to the West.”
"In support of this initiative, ITK issued a nine-point list of priorities for MLAs candidates to consider during the current federal election campaign."
“The Inuit land is one of the most non-decentralized communities in Canada.
"Inuit are experiencing inequity compared to other Canadians, and other Canadians in the Inuit homelands,” ITK said in a news release."
"In addition to this, ITK released a list of interests for the next federal budget in the 2020 budget, which is expected to be released in February or March."
This operational award strongly recommends that the next Government of Canada continue to implement Inuit land policies for Inuit-specific benefits.
"“Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami calls on all levels of government to focus on implementing an Inuit Land Policy across the political spectrum, so that people can access and benefit from policies, programs and actions that are intended to benefit our people,” ITK President Nathan Obed said in a news release."
Each of the two letters contain the following significant demands:
• Install fibre optics in all 51 Inuit communities using the Pauper Alphabet Fibre Optic Network before 2031.
• Eliminate technical problems in the Inuit homelands by 2030.
• Completion of housing delays in all four Inuit communities over the next two years.
• Re-establish abuse treatment centres.
• Re-establish family violence shelters and temporary housing.
• Spend more money on people suffering from mental illness and suicide prevention.
The nine identified ITK priorities are as follows:
1.
Work on social activities and suicide prevention.
Item 2.
Work on housing to ensure that all people on the waiting list have access to public housing within the territory two years after their election.
Item 3.
"Work on energy issues and climate change, to reduce Canada’s dependence on fossil fuels by 2050."
Item 4.
Work on strengthening Inuit-Federal relations.
Item 5.
"Work on building industry and economic self-sufficiency, beginning with the creation of the Northern Property Assistance Program, which is available in all four Inuit communities, starting with a grant of $1 billion."
Item 6.
Work towards making education curriculum more equitable for Inuit and non-Inuit.
Item 7.
"Implement statutory requirements submitted to the Canadian Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women, including 46 Inuit-specific legal matters."
Item 8.
Deal with food insecurity and food insecurity.
Item 9.
Work to advance Inuit interests in science.
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has a tradition of not having regional responsibilities, and they have not supported any Member of the Legislative Assembly."
"In the latest CBC Canada survey, from September 20, the Liberal MLAs and the Conservative Party of Canada were on the national survey."
"This electoral survey, which also compiles all the public information gathered, shows that the current Conservative Party has 34.7 percent support, the Liberals are at 34.1 percent, the New Liberal Party at 13.5 percent, and the Green Party at 9.6 percent, Blake Quebec at 4.8 percent, and Quebec quebec quebec at 4."
It is an election analysis and the fact is that the Liberals have more room for more seats.
"The federal election will be held here on Monday, October 21."
Nunavut has a new polar bear management plan: Nunavut Wildlife Management Board (NWMB)
“We will do what we can to make sure that this happens before the polar bear season starts.”
"Nunavut’s new Polar Bear Management Plan establishes a balanced total allowable harvest of male and female polar bears in all of Nunavut’s polar bear populations, said the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board."
(Photographer Jane George)
By Jane George
Cambridge Bay (GN) Agrees to a New Polar Bear Management Plan
This was a press release from the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board members at the Kitikmeot Wildlife Management Board meeting in Cambridge Bay last week.
"The starting point for the new polar bear management plan is to have a balanced male and female polar bear hunt for Nunavut polar bears, this Nunavut Wildlife Management Board Chairman Dan Shewchuk, told delegates."
"The meeting in Cambridge Bay is the first of three regional wildlife boards that this individual and Jason Akeeagok, the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board Executive Director, would like to attend."
Mr. Akeeagok said that the polar bear management plan was a “tremendous undertaking.”
"“We will do what we can to make sure that this happens before the polar bear season is over,” he says."
"This plan has been under consideration for almost five years and it was mentioned in the business plan last March in Iqaluit at the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board meeting."
The plan runs until 2029.
This female polar bear jumps into the water near Arctic Bay while four floors are watching.
"Under the new Polar Bear Management Plan, Polar Bear Threat Kills Three Communities Would Reduce Volume."
(Picture taken by photographer Niore Iqalukjuak)
"Of all the circumpolar countries in the 19 regions of the world, 12 are in Nunavut."
Polar bear quotas have been established by region (e.g. Male only) of these polar bears…and kills of polar bears are included in the year polar bear quotas established by the communities.
"Although this new plan will not increase the total allowable harvest at this time, a new total allowable harvest may be considered as a result of new data collection."
"Under the previous plan, the Nunavut communities were allowed to harvest one female and to harvest two male polar bears through the annual community polar bear tags."
"Under this new plan, it will not matter if the total allowable harvest in Nunavut is male or female but has to be balanced."
The cubs would be provided with a halfway tag.
The new Equal Male/Female Polar Bear Quota for Community Polar Bear Protection Act will be lifted if necessary.
"Increased polar bear visits to communities has been a concern in Nunavut following the deaths of two polar bears in the fall of the Kivalliq last year. (However, under the current management plan, protecting the killing of a polar bear and if it is a female, then two tags would be used."
As a result, some communities no longer have tags to protect their polar bears.
"This new plan could reduce the number of polar bears in the communities, Mr. Shewchuk told Nunatsiaq News."
"But he previously stated that polar bears that migrate into Inuit culture and lifestyles, because they damage cabins, bird habitats and seals."
Delegates attending the meeting in Cambridge Bay welcomed the changes to the polar bear management plan.
They were also pleased that the Huskies will now have five more tags for grizzly bears.
A large piece of land was spotted in Oakland and shot. It was too close to a bunch of cabins here in Mount Pali.
"For something else, with this new polar bear management plan they may have something else in mind."
"The future of polar bears is uncertain because of climate change, according to a 2018 study conducted by the Standing Committee on the Species at Risk of Loss in Canada (COSEWIC). This committee, the Species at Risk of Disappearance in Canada (COSEWIC), conducted another study on polar bears as a."
It means that polar bears are at risk or at risk of being lost due to a combination of survival and identified species.
Nunavut Standing Committee Extends Deadline for Bill 25 to Submit Submissions
The Standing Committee will receive comments from 5 p.m. on October 11
"John Main, Chair of the Standing Committee on Legislation, said that the Standing Committee would extend public interest on Bill 25 and that the Standing Committee would review the Act."
By Emma Toronto
"The Nunavut Legislative Assembly’s Standing Committee on Legislation will receive comments from the public on Bill 25, an Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, until October 11."
They had the final say on receiving submissions on September 13.
"“My colleagues and I would like to thank the people of Nunavut for their views on this important Act,” Committee Chairman John Main said in a Thursday, September 26, press release."
Anyone was invited to submit documents to the Standing Committee following the introduction of Bill 25 during the Legislative Assembly’s spring sitting in June.
Second Reading of Bills was passed and referred to the Standing Committee for review.
"The Standing Committee met in mid-September to review the Act and the number of submissions made to the Act."
The standing committee also announced that it will extend its review of Bill 25 from the fall sitting so that it can be televised by two weeks until the end of November.
"“The Education Minister and his witnesses will be appearing before the Standing Committee on Public Consultations, which will give Nunavummiut an opportunity to observe our actions,” Mr. Maine said in a news release."
"Bill 25 proposes to come into force in a phased-in, 20-year period, which will provide Inuktitut instruction in schools from kindergarten to grade 12."
"At the same time, the Act would establish the Inuit Language Protection Act as part of the Education Act, and extend the deadline for the implementation of bilingual education for grades 4 to 12 organized activities ending July 1, 2039."
"Detailed observations and actions of the Standing Committee's inquiry will be made available in the near future, the report states."
"The Solicitors General will meet again this fall on Thursday, October 17."
"Comments will be received until 5:00 p.m. on Friday, October 11."
All discussed submissions will be made public during discussion in the House during the fall sitting.
Comments and letters can be directed to:
"John Main, MLA"
"Chair, Standing Committee on Legislation"
Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Box 1200
"Iqaluit, Nunavut"
X0A 0H0
Tel: (867) 975-5000
Fax: (867) 975-5191
Website: submissions@assembly.nu.ca
Inuktitut Roman Roman Roman Orthography – Reflections and Development and Persistence
The gift of today to our children and future generations
The Inuktitut Roman Orthography Writing System is accessible to all Inuit languages across Canada.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has stated that it will not replace Roman orthography and in the Inuit homelands, traditional orthography and so on.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has also stated that the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami will not have to change traditional writing systems.
By Métis Miaji ᓭ munn
"I was very proud to hear that the Members of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami have unanimously approved the new Inuktitut syllabic writing system, with the name of Inuktitut Roman Orthography 5167 that was released earlier this month."
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami means the “unity of Canada's ordinary people” and there are few good examples of the strength that our people in the Middle East have shared for the survival of our culture and language.
This is very encouraging to me at this time.
"In June 2011, 5196, when I was the President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, we launched a brave campaign to change the education program."
"We launched a National Challenge to Inunnguiniq Inuinnaqtun Inuinnaqtun 5312 Education System with 10 Strong Points of Instruction, a shared vision to ensure our children have the skills they need to be educated, safe and secure in Inuktitut culture and language."
򀿿Our recommendations included the establishment of a standardized Public Records System.
Ordinary 5312 Canadians have taken many years to reach and reach this new era of colonialism.
The Inuinnaqtun 5312; the Language Reviewers in every community in the Inuit Region provided an Inuktitut version of Roman orthography 5167;.
This means that we will have one writing system for all Inuit to learn their language that can be used properly.
The use of this new writing system will grow rapidly.
"The Duda Inuinnaqtun 5312;  it will not replace or eliminate the community's traditional writing system, as it will be used to participate in the Tamatta Spelling System to improve Inuinnaqtun ᓀ  communications."
The gift we give today to our children and future generations.
I can now imagine that ordinary citizens of 5312 Canadians will be able to communicate better and share illuminating records of teaching materials and excellent teaching materials can be a concern when 5312 and our children will be able to graduate from high school and be able to speak both languages.
"Mr. Speaker, in the world, we are faced with challenges as individuals and as a result of our attempts to treat western societal values, our culture, our families, and our language."
But we are here today.
In previous years we had to look at past experiences to find out who we are today and why we are today ᑌ򀿿 we need to find out where we are today.
So I believe my goal is that we have a two-stroke approach now. Are we going to have to keep going back to page 5357 or are we going to be focusing on future opportunities.
The use of Inuktitut in Roman orthography 5167;The use of the Canadian public as a whole tells me that we want to move forward as a united society.
"ᑌ about eight years ago when we started developing a national strategy for Inuit education, we were able to implement the word Inuinnaqtun (5283; inuktitut) to mean all individuals in each language, regardless of their dialect."
To me this has given me a chance to see ordinary 5312; unified Mr. Speaker, 5312; it gives us an opportunity to go over all the actions that are not true to the barriers that we face.
"Our language, our identity, and our identity are entrenched, and the health of our language makes us healthy."
I hope that we will be able to use all Inuktitut terminology and spelling and move forward in the future ᑌᓭ as we work together to fill vacant lots we try to work with each other as individuals.
"Mayhew Simon was the President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami at the 2011 launch of the Canadian Vision for Inuit Education, which included a recommendation to create a single writing system for the Inuit language."
Venice Commission apologizes to Quebec Premier
"“Many pieces of legislation, policies, practices or departmental practices are rooted in inequality and inequality.”"
"Quebec Premier Francois Lego apologized to the First Nations and Inuit of Quebec on October 2, following a news release that they were discriminated against by the ongoing work of the Public Service."
(Image)
"In this way, the Quebec Government has not taken advantage of the responsibilities of aboriginal peoples, Mr. Ledo said."
"Mr. Ledger apologized -- the first of 142 opinion reports -- at the National Aboriginal Peoples Conference on Wednesday, October 2, two days after former Supreme Court Justice Jack Owens, the former Commission Director released his report."
"Trying to justify it is not acceptable, Ledo says."
He said he would review all of the decisions and find out exactly why there was such a discrepancy.
"“A lot of the laws, policies, practices or departmental practices that are used to treat inequality and inequity are getting to the point where they are not providing adequate services to First Nations and Inuit,” Mr. Vence said in his September 30 report released."
"His inquiry focused on aboriginal relations with the RCMP, legal systems, corrections, health and social services, and youth protection services."
Lucy Green was an Inuk spokesperson for the Venice Commission.
"Mr. Speaker, in his November 2018 Public Inquiry Report, the Auditor General’s Report was tabled in the House."
(Photographer Sarah Rogers)
"The Kativik Municipal Government issued a report stating the importance of the decisions and the following recommendations, to improve relations between Aboriginal Peoples and the Quebec Government."
"Most importantly, the Kativik Municipal Government strongly urged the government to consider this decision to allow videoconferencing so that offenders can be prosecuted in smaller communities, as the Kativik Government has been in contact with the Quebec Government."
"“The Kativik Municipal Government has a mandate to work closely with all levels of government and other regional organizations to implement the Commission’s recommendations under its programs,” said Kativik All Municipalities Chairperson Jennifer Miut in a news release."
The Nunavik Department of Health and Social Services also responded to the report by saying that the Katimajiit’s ongoing concerns with the Commission were raised on health and social services and youth protection services.
The need for resources and management of Health and Social Services was also raised by members during the review.
"“We now expect that the Government of Quebec will do the report on the recommendations, and that it is in the spirit of partnership arrangements and practices,” said Executive Director Minnie Green in an October 2 press release."
Members also expressed their appreciation to the Commission that the Quebec Armband (Action Surveyor) will be responsible for implementing 142 decisions.
Makivik President Charlie Ford also spoke during the pre-feasibility study on Nunavik’s activities and stated in his October 1 press release that Inuit were able to speak to the survey.
"“In many cases, through tears, my fellow Inuit spoke to the Commission about their activities in the areas of health, justice, social services, youth protection, historic problems and other Quebec government services,” Mr. Ward said."
"Although he stated that the report would respond, “in accordance with the original intent -- that Quebec apologizes to the Inuit and First Nations for the unfair public service they have provided to our people -- we now feel that we are being heard.”"
Three Legal Professions Promise to End Nunavut’s Teal Fuel Consumption By 2030
“This is an ambitious project.”
Students walk in four corners of Iqaluit on September 27 to participate in the Global Climate Change Initiative.
Three lawyers running for the federal government have announced their intention to end Nunavut’s dependence on diesel fuel by generating electricity by 2030.
(Photographer Dustin Paktar)
By Dustin Paktar
"In this year’s federal election, three law firms announced that Nunavut’s dependence on diesel fuel for electricity will be suspended until 2030."
"Currently all 25 communities in Nunavut have diesel-powered plants operated by the Qulliq Energy Corporation, the only Power Corporation in Canada that do not have a modified lighting system in their communities."
Changing that would be a huge and costly project.
"“This is an ambitious project,” says Martha Leonier, Senior Arctic Renewable Energy Officer for the World Wildlife Fund."
"“It's probably possible, just a little bit of luck.”"
The Green Party’s campaign promises to “implement renewable energy.
"By 2030, all of Canada’s energy systems will be renewable."
This includes outpost camps in northern communities such as diesel fuel to be decommissioned.”
"The Liberal Party stated that it would be “moving forward financially to make sure that the Inuit communities are no longer dependent on fossil fuels but have the power to generate clean, renewable energy sources -- like hydro, wind and solar energy -- by 2030.”"
The New Timothy Party (NDP) stated that it will “target Canada to generate energy from greenhouse gases by 2030… This is carbon-neutral power by focusing on communities and creating jobs.
"We would assist in applying for programs such as community ownership and operation of clean energy projects to provide employment for residents and qualified persons, and to work with aboriginal and circumpolar communities on decommissioning of Teal Oil.”"
"Under the Department of Environment and Climate Change Canada reports released earlier this year, air pollution in Nunavut accounts for less than 1 percent of the impact."
"In 2017, Nunavut produced 0.6 megatonnes of greenhouse gas emissions, more than 18,000 vehicles."
"In the same year, Alberta, which has been named Canada’s most populous country, produced approximately 84 million vehicles with a capacity."
"Despite this, Nunavut has seen an increase in greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent since 2005, with the largest increase in Canada and Alberta almost doubling, which is the second largest increase in the same area."
"Even if there were any changes to the Power Corporation’s three MLAs to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the impact on Canada’s carbon monoxide emissions would still be minimal."
Will the communities be getting this equipment.
"Nunavummiut pay the highest rate of electricity compared to any other jurisdiction in Canada, and funding for energy would help to reduce that."
"However, taking action on renewable energy projects may not be the balancing act of payments that are currently in place for energy projects."
"Last month, the United Nations Wildlife Management Board issued a report outlining how a renewable energy source could provide energy to all 25 communities in Nunavut."
"They found that with a reduction of 8 percent -- primarily due to the risk of a project or other sources of revenue -- Baker Lake, Coral Harbour, Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet would save money by moving to 20 percent renewable energy, including a direct payment system for up to 15 years."
The survey also indicated that 16 other communities have a 4 percent subsidy -- roughly the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s loan limit -- and roughly $2 million in subsidy and a 20 percent loan transfer.
"However, the report only talks about the feasibility of these projects, suggesting that moving renewable energy would be cheaper than the current energy costs."
But relocating communities that are qualified for renewable energy would be a huge task.
"“It would take a lot of consultation, and they would have to start next year in order to achieve the energy goals of each community,” says Leneau."
"“They would have to go to the communities, work with them on what they want to do, and how the communities envision energy, see what their priorities are and what the communities most consider as important places of transportation and hunting.”"
"This does not include such things as installing modular equipment for solar or wind, which would take about two years to put together properly, or projects for the Qulliq Energy Corporation to ensure that renewable energy sources are reliable for their equipment."
"Moving all communities 100 percent from renewable energy, which the three MLAs are proposing, would not only be a long-term commitment but also a significant investment."
"While the New Timothy Party (NDP) and the Liberal Party have not announced how much funding they would contribute to the move, the Green Party announced last week."
"As part of its campaign activity spending report, the Green Party announced that it will provide $150 million over five years to relocate all of the outpost camps and northern communities -- not just Nunavut’s Teal Oil Decommissioning Program."
It is not acceptable however.
"Mr. Leonard explained that if communities like Arctic Bay were to relocate or at least 60 percent of their power plant, operating costs would have to be about $27.8 million."
"Under the same report, for other communities to try and achieve 60 percent renewable energy, they would have to use a higher rate."
"In Iqaluit, it is estimated that it will cost approximately $148 million."
"Although it is evident that it is less than the $250 million to $500 million dollar energy project that was proposed by the City, this would apply to one community that the Green Party is proposing."
"Mr. Leneau does not anticipate that the federal government would fully pay for these projects, but they did indicate that the scope of work and how they would be done and that it would take time."
"Looking at the 2030 deadline, you won’t have much time."
"“In terms of solar energy, I think it would take two to five years."
"In terms of wind energy, you would think it would take five to seven years to do it,” says Leonard when asked about how much energy they would be doing."
"Looking at these deadlines and splitting them into 25 communities and if they’re going to be doing a lot of work at the same time in remote communities and the land is not always available, Leonard is thinking about how to get it done."
"“I think that if you want to reach those targets, that is going to be a big change."
"Even if we don't reach 100 percent, then there is a lot of interest.”"
"Note: This handbook deals with federal candidates including the Green Party, Liberal Party and the New Democrats (NDP)."
"At the time of putting this book together, the Conservative Party has not announced what they are running for, so they are not included in this report."
Subject: Operational Early Childhood and Childcare Issues
We must recognize the important role that early childhood education and childcare workers in Nunavut play in our workforce.
"Laakkuluk Williamson Patrick, the Chair of the Footprints Daycare Board, is seeking additional support from the Government of Nunavut for quality early childhood education and childcare based on Inuit language and culture."
By Nunatsiaq News
Correspondence to the Premier of Nunavut, Joe Savikataaq, and the Minister of Education, David Joanasie, and Minister Joanasie.
I am one of the people who have children who are very sensitive to our language and culture.
"As the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Footprints Daycare, the only Inuktut language school for children in the Early Childhood Education Program in Iqaluit and is the only Iqaluit in the capital of Nunavut to provide daycare services for children who already speak Inuktitut."
"The Footprints Daycare Centre was closed from August 21 to September 12, 2019 due to staff shortages. In addition, it has been operating without staff for almost a year."
"Very few people apply for jobs at the Footprints Daycare because they are not paid enough (Iqaluit has the highest daycare rate), employees who don’t have any benefits or housing because they are seen as low as a woman working at the daycare."
"The daycare is now open again, but the emergency operation is challenging: we lost one of our very good employees who resigned tirelessly."
"We now have a part-time office worker, full-time daycare coordinator, two childcare workers and each parent who work rotating at the daycare (all of them have criminal records and safety checks), full-time, while we are looking for someone to hire, who is certified."
"This process is rarely used, but for those of us who have children, we believe in the safety of our children and that the Inuktitut-speaking witness table be open."
There is still a danger of closing the facility permanently.
"Nunavut’s daycare operations are currently non-profitable. Childcare workers are expected to provide one of the most important child-related services to provide quality early childhood education, which is based on Inuit culture and language, although it is undervalued and under-resourced."
Mr. Speaker, the non-profit organization relies on a number of sources of funding from the Department of Family Services. The Embrace Life Council is a volunteer to run the Nunavut Daycare Early Childhood Education Program.
"Childcare workers suffer from a lack of pay and benefits, lack of training for their jobs and lack of housing for staff."
Childcare workers are now being asked to work below their needs for self-reliance or family support.
We are facing a difficult time in our daycares due to the unique staffing requirements required to have the skills necessary to promote and preserve the Inuit language and culture from an early age in our children; Tumilty hires only Inuktitut speakers.
We are 100 percent Inuit employed.
However, with the high turnover of our employees, we have a hard time recruiting staff. Due to the lack of competition and the lack of benefits, employees have resigned.
"So, it affects the early childhood programs and the early childhood programs."
Inuit need to be supported in this regard and value our language and culture for the education of our children.
The Government of Nunavut should consider ways to better support quality early childhood education and ensure that the daycare is based on Inuit language and culture.
"Provide effective and valued early childhood education and child care workers with compensation from competitors and benefits, including housing for their work, vacation time, training at work and school."
Footprints envision the daycare expanding to the public and providing more resources so that more Inuit children can have a place to stay.
"We are now looking for a larger daycare facility to make this vision work, so we have raised close to $80,000 for the new space that has been raised."
It proposes the following amendments to the Government of Nunavut:
"• Combining early childhood and childcare workers into Government of Nunavut employees to provide competitive wages for Government of Nunavut employees, consistent with the Government of Nunavut’s expenditures in eight categories, which are applied to employees in the Nunavut school system;"
• Incorporating the operations and maintenance of daycares across Nunavut into the education system;
"• Provide benefits to early childhood and childcare workers but not limited to short-term measures including long-term sick leave, vacation pay, bilingual pay, parental leave and housing"
• Establish an organization to support all daycares in Nunavut;
• Working with daycares to immediately address urgent and pressing issues, together, we will work together to develop a long-term plan to change the way the child care system operates.
We must recognize the important role that early childhood education and childcare workers in Nunavut play in our workforce.
To ensure that our daycares are staffed, fully staffed, and that all staff receive benefits.
We have to keep our daycares open.
"Changing the way the child care system operates will allow Nunavut early childhood and day care workers to value their work. This will allow them to take a significant step forward in the early childhood and daycare operations to change in the best way possible in the lives of children, including learning the Inuktitut language, growing up with a strong foundation of Inuit culture, and being able to participate fully in the rest of Canada."
"Sincerely, Mr. Speaker."
Laakkuluk Williamson Pastori
"Chairman: Footprints Daycare (Iqaluit Inuktut Daycare Association) Board of Directors"
Do you recognize these people in this photo?
“I know this picture is quite old.”
"In this article on the back of the picture, it was filmed in Kugluktuk, Nunavut... . When the English name was Coppermine…on May 18, 1930."
This poet found her grandfather's belongings when he passed away and he wants to know if these Inuit women can be identified.
I found this photograph at my grandfather's property when he passed away.
"His name was Dr. James Jamieson, and I knew that he was a nurse for the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II, and he was here for his work in Newfoundland and Goose Bay, Labrador."
"I’m not sure when he got this picture or it’s written J.J. (interpretation ends) But I did know that he had some northern knowledge."
"I know that this photo was taken a long time ago, but I don’t know if anyone would be recognized…and if they were one of them would want that photograph."
"I wish you all well."
Sarah Howard
"North Bay, a former Ontario resident now lives in Prince Edward Island"
This word is written on the back of the Inuit women’s picture.
The Inuit Language Rights Rally was held in Montreal at the House of Commons by Inuktitut-speaking delegates
“This is called Inuit Cultural Education.”
"Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated President Aluki Kuuttiq, right, speaks in a speech titled “Inuk is the right to live” on Thursday, October 3, at the Inuit Cultural Education Conference in Montreal."
"With them is Louis Tapardjuk, a member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit Katimajiit, the Nunavut Language Rights Tribunal."
Even though there were no interpreters, these two people kept speaking in Inuktitut.
(Photographer Lisa Gregoire)
By Lisa Grigor not always used by Nunatsiaq News
"The noise from the Montreal Boarding Home on Thursday, October 3, when people attending the 21st Inuit Culture Education Conference walked in to hear two Inuit leaders talk about why speaking Inuktitut in Nunavut is a human right and this right seems to have been rejected."
"Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated President Aluki Kuuttiq and Louis Tapardjuk, a former Government of Nunavut minister and a member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Rights Tribunal, came in on time and sat."
"The photographers were organized to broadcast live on NTI’s Facebook page, featuring the video's various web sites for English speakers who speak English, and the attendees were almost all Inuinnaqtun and listened to the conversation."
"Kuuttiq welcomed the attendees and began speaking in Inuktitut, while Inuktitut speakers sometimes agreed to their heads and clapped their hands."
"For those who can’t speak Inuktitut, including this writer, they just sat there with their eyes."
Some people just walked out.
Some people are just listening and working on their phones while they are waiting for English to be translated into English.
There were no English versions.
Welcome to this amazing community for many people in Nunavut.
"“It is called the Inuit Cultural Education Program so we wanted to, especially when we were talking about the Inuit language, we wanted to use the Inuit language,” Kuuttiq said at the beginning."
“Louie and I discussed this and we know that there will be no interpreters available but we felt that it is important to use our language when we talk about the need for help and promotion of our language.”
"The International Conference, which brings together northern experts from the North and the South, began a long time ago, involving more Inuktitut speakers and activists, making the conference more focused on Inuit needs and more interactive between Inuit and non-Inuit educated."
"The Inuktitut consultation, regarding language rights, seemed to indicate that they were in the process of developing this."
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Curtis’s presentation outlined a number of pieces of legislation that require further promotion and protection of the Inuktitut language in Nunavut where there are more Inuit and more Inuktitut speaking people.
"These pieces of legislation come from the United Nations (Jonathan Cousins) Act on the Rights of Aboriginal Peoples (Cree) to the Legislative Assembly and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the National Inquiry on Murdered and Indigenous Missing Indigenous Women and Girls, and Girls, and Girls, and Languages Act."
"Kuuttiq described a number of recent Inuit deaths, in part, to language and cultural harbours, such as Annie Kootoo, who passed away due to liver loss in 2017, and 15-year-old Eileen Kuniliusie, who also died of tuberculosis in the same year."
“Inuit want to live healthy lives and have the right to live.
"Canadian Inuit must not die due to lack of access and services comparable to other Canadians,” Kuuttiq wrote in his presentation."
"In his statement, Mr. Tapardjuk talked about a recent Iqaluit incident in this case where the RCMP went to an elder to report that their adopted son had died of a needle shot at a youth centre."
This woman is single and does not speak English.
Mr. Tapardjuk said that the RCMP had to stop the vehicle in order to get help with the bad news.
"“There are a number of things that could have been done through this story if this person had the help to change their life completely, they didn't even have an interpreter,” Kuuttiq told Nunatsiaq News."
“In many cases Inuit who speak English and Inuktitut are invited to do the work.
"We are considered to be interpreters at any given time, even if we don’t know the people."
Sometimes it is confidential.
"So, that’s why I can say it’s a violation of human rights.”"
"Mr. Kuuttiq noted that at least Inuktitut-speaking people in Nunavut should have access to professional services in their language in areas such as health, justice and education."
Even those are not available.
He and other leaders continue to lobby the Federal Government to protect their language and identity at home.
Ottawa passed a new Aboriginal Language Act in June which has been criticized by NTI and ITK, saying that their decisions have been ignored.
"Mr. Kuuttiq said he wanted people to know, “We are the ones who have the authority."
Let us speak in Inuktitut when we go to the store.
Let’s speak in Inuktitut when we go to the bank.
Let’s speak Inuktitut when we go to school.
"If we start speaking more Inuktitut and don't take into account the unilingual people, then they will be given a larger portion of the requirements.”"
Qikiqtani Inuit Association Announces Fees for Tourism Operators in Inuit Own Communities
Expense immediately
"Tourism operators who visit the Qikiqtani region of Nunavut will now have to pay tourism bills to access the Inuit land, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit from October 8 to 10."
"Commercial tourism operators must now pay for people to travel to their own communities in the Qikiqtani region, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at their annual general meeting in Iqaluit on Wednesday, October 9."
The Qikiqtani region has the highest number of cruise ships in Nunavut.
"Pond Inlet received 17 cruise ships this summer, while Iqaluit was visited by four."
"“The Inuit of the Qikiqtani communities have been concerned about this because of the increasing number of tourism activities that are happening in our region, especially with the people who are carrying cruise ships."
"The Qikiqtani Inuit Association decided to set up a tourism operators’ compensation package to assist people in the communities most impacted by cruise ships,P. J. Akeeagok, Qikiqtani Inuit Association President, said in a news release."
A news release from the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s Land and Recycling Division raised the issue of new payments.
The new expenditures include:
• Aircraft Landing on Inuit Land: $150 when Landing
• Helicopter Landing on Inuit Land: $100 Landing
• Fundraising Tammaativvik in Inuit communities: $50 a day
• Commercial Visitor Access Less than 6 Hours in Inuit Communities: $25.00 a Day
"The total amount would go to HTOs closest to tourism industry access, the report said."
The other half would go to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
"The ships that carry passengers into Nunavut have between 150 and 400 passengers, Roseanne D’Arcy, Qikiqtani Inuit Association Director of Land and Recycling, said at the QIA meeting."
This $25-a-day fee would apply to all passengers who are transporting passengers to Inuit communities, or ILOs (Inuit own communities).
"“Regardless of the number of people on the ship that are on the Inuit own land, they will be charged based on the number of people on the ship,” Mr. D’Arcy told the Board."
Mr. O'Brien stated that the ships that bring passengers to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association will have to submit to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association the number of passengers per month or before they start boating.
"“If the ship carries 350 passengers, we would charge 25 dollars a day per person."
"So the larger Inuit vessels would have to pay anywhere from $10,000 to $20,000 to land on Inuit own land,” Mr. De'Antonio says."
"In communities where there are many ships with Inuit in the summer, like Pond Inlet, the HTO would get anywhere from $50,000 to $70,000 in fees, he goes on to say."
The new payment will also assist the Qikiqtani Inuit Association in the development of a land use database.
"This way, tourism operators will be notified when applying for new fees to access Inuit owned lands."
Mr. D'Arcy noted that the Qikiqtani Inuit Association established the fees based on other organizations’ fees for tourism.
"For example Ootoona, Parks Canada charges 25 dollars per person to go to National Park."
"The hamlets also charge people to transport cruise ships and tourism operators to their communities, Mr. D’Arcy also says."
"“The ships that carry passengers that are able to get into their own communities are penalized for that only if the Inuit actually come into our own community,” he says."
"Joe Attagutaluk, Qikiqtani Inuit Association Secretary/Finance Officer, asked if it was possible to increase these costs in the future."
"Mr. D’Arcy said that it would be possible to change it, but it would have to be discussed and established by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association Board."
“This is a fun initiative.
"We are once again leading the way that Inuit can benefit their communities,” Mr. Akeeagok told the Board."
"The payments will be effective immediately, the QIA said."
Baffinland’s huge rail cargo raises concerns for residents of Pond Inlet
“Is Baffinland thinking that without knowing the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government prior to approving the project?”
"The cruise ship, Biglift Barentz, was anchored by the Premier in Hebein, Germany last summer."
"In the crater you will see two possible construction units, which are 33 and 34 metres high, these are the Baffinland iron ore mine that came from Tyson Crank and delivered to the Mary River mine this summer."
Two smaller units are also being shipped from the front.
"This is for the Strategic Highway Expansion Program, which has not yet been approved by the Legislative Assembly."
(Picture by Tyson Crank)
Community leaders in Pond Inlet are frustrated with the huge ship carrying rail parts. The Baffinland Iron Ore Corporation will be putting the Baffinland iron ore mine in Pond Inlet this summer.
"What they are concerned about is Baffinland’s proposed expansion of the Phase II Plan, which has not yet been approved by the authorities, Baffinland brought in two large, ten-storey modular units from Primeau, Germany, which is the company’s docking facility in Mary River in the north Baffin."
"They also brought in two smaller units that may be constructed and large pieces of rail that would be used for construction, such as access roads and land-based piles."
"Baffinland, in November 2018, announced to rights groups and their partners in the Qikiqtani Inuit Association that they would be bringing the material to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board."
But the people of Pond Inlet are finally finding out about this.
When the ship Bibbs Bruns arrived at the Baffinland port here in Baffinland this past August they were carrying modular buildings to be used for the expansion of the train.
When the people of Pond Inlet saw a ship passing by their community they were the first to hear of a carrier, two other ships carrying the rail highway parts arrived shortly after and more passengers are expected to arrive by the summer of 2020.
“We only found out about three or four weeks ago.
"We see dry cargo going through the Pond Inlet area,” Joshua Arreak, Director of the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Association told Nunatsiaq News."
“We wondered why and who they were and how to do that.
"We haven’t received any information from the Nunavut Impact Review Board, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or anyone else."
"We didn’t expect that at all,” Arreak says."
“We have not heard from the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
I don’t know.
We have problems with Inuit organizations.
"They don’t keep us informed,” Mr. Okalik said."
The Nunavut Impact Review Board was aware of the upcoming sealift season.
"Neither the Nunavut permit officer nor any federal minister approved Baffinland’s expansion plan, which would result in a 110-kilometre rail link between Mary River and Mary River, creating an additional 12 million tonnes a year, and transporting up to 200 times a year."
This project cannot be completely rejected by the federal government until the final public announcement that the Nunavut Impact Review Board has decided to take place on November 2 in Iqaluit and conclude on November 8 and 9 in Pond Inlet.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board, which in its comments did not consult with stakeholders, said that it would be bringing in sealift material for the railroad that was mailed to Baffinland last July 25."
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board told the companies that if Phase II is not approved, Baffinland would be responsible for the shipping of goods, which may cost several million dollars, from the mine site."
It also indicated that the sealift resupply would not impact the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s decision on the project.
"In an e-mail dated October 17, the Nunavut Impact Review Board Executive Director, Ryan Perry, indicated by law that the Nunavut Impact Review Board cannot approve or approve marine activities."
"“The Nunavut Impact Review Board was prepared to simply say that these actions would be included in the evaluation process and that all infrastructure construction projects would have to be moved if this proposal was rejected after the board’s review,” Mr. Perry wrote."
This is an aerial photograph of Biblical Bruns. Just this summer the ship brought in modular buildings for Baffinland to be used for the Baffinland rail expansion.
"One of the units, described as a “Vandalism Building,” is 33 metres high, 23.5 metres high and weighs 1,470 tonnes."
"Another thing, referred to as the “Pollution House,” is 34 metres high."
"So each unit, which is part of a pre-constructed demolition and decommissioning unit, is equal to a 10-storey building -- possibly higher than the ones built in the Eastern Arctic."
However, Baffinland has not been authorized to use these devices.
"“Baffinland will identify these assets as ‘Project Two Only.’ Unless Phase II Proposal Consideration is complete,” the company wrote in its July 19 report to the Nunavut Impact Review Board."
Materials housed in Inuit Own Land
"In their joint submission to the authority, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association and Baffinland wrote that the property would be located on Inuit own land, in accordance with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s commercial lease agreement with the company."
"For Mr. Arreak and so on, an action such as the idea that Baffinland has already been approved for the project."
“The people of Pond Inlet are not happy.
Is Baffinland “Is Baffinland thinking that without knowing the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government prior to approving the project?
"I don't know,” he says."
"Rob Chester, the technical advisor for the Hamlet of Pond Inlet, was granted permission by the Mayor of Pond Inlet, Joshua Shewchuk, to speak to Nunatsiaq News on behalf of the hamlet."
"“Baffinland has been working on the idea of approving Phase 2,” Chester said by email."
"“If the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the Nunavut Impact Review Board had the authority to do that, the final impact would be to put more pressure on the Nunavut Impact Review Board in terms of overseeing and approving proposals."
"That is a concern,” Chester said on behalf of the Hamlet."
"“Aside from the actions that are being taken, the Hamlet feels that they should not have done that."
"This has been done on the financial side and on the assumption that Baffinland will be approved in Phase 2,” he also writes."
"“Our main concern is the wildlife, the marine mammals and the places they go."
We would be the most impacted community in Nunavut.
That is our concern.
"The money is not going to give back the wildlife,” Joshua Arreak said on behalf of the hunters and trappers organizations, quoting from an issue that has been raised in Pond Inlet over the years regarding marine transportation for the Baffinland Plan."
"As for non-governmental organizations such as Oceans North, which has asked for input on the upcoming meeting of Baffinland’s expansion plan, said it supports “responsible development” at the Mary River mine."
"However, it also noted that Baffinland’s exports have not taken into account the potential environmental impacts, and are unhappy with Baffinland’s decision to export large metals from Mary River rather than from Northern Hudson Bay, which was made possible in 2012."
"“It is strange that residents are dissatisfied with the large volume of shipments of rail parts to Baffinland prior to the legal approval of this expansion,” says Chris Debbie, Deputy Minister of Policy and Policy Analyst for Marine North."
Existing resources taken from TysonCrank
The items that are being shipped to Baffinland are part of a pre-constructed railway addition that Baffinland inherited from the Tyson Multi-Purpose Dealer in Germany.
"Two large buildings, first of which came in, were designed in Brighter Lake, while the third one is designed to be a railway loading station, designed in Stenton, Boland, Diakura reported in a news release."
"Baffinland also brought in their loader, a seat belt for movement and a number of pieces of equipment to be used for the railroad."
"Property descriptions of Baffinland’s submissions to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board included heavy equipment and access roads, as well as propellers and dump trucks."
"Tyson Crank’s first shipment to Baffinland, a ship called the Big Lift Barentz, weighed 5,500 tonnes of goods, and left Brighter Lake in early August."
"Two other cruise ships brought in additional supplies this summer, and more will be arriving in the summer of 2020, Diaspora said."
"Through a co-operation agreement with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Baffinland agreed to contribute an additional $18 million in reimbursement for the remediation of the Mary River mine if the project ceased, the Water Board’s letter stated."
Nunavut’s Legal Services Board appoints a new Acting Languages Commissioner
Colleen Aariak’s appointment comes into force on October 21.
"Nunavut’s Legal Services Board appointed an interim Languages Commissioner, Colleen Arreak, after Helen Klengenberg resigned last September from her office."
Colleen Arreak, a resident of Iqaluit, was appointed as Nunavut’s Interim Languages Commissioner.
"Simeon Mikkungwak, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, announced the appointment, which will come into force on Monday, October 21."
Colleen Aariak from Iqaluit will serve as Nunavut’s Acting Languages Commissioner.
(Picture by Colleen Arreak)
"“Ms. Aariak’s work, which includes both the Office of the Languages Commissioner and the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, allows me to carry out these important responsibilities,” Mr. Mikkungwak said in a news release."
"Under the Official Languages Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Languages Commissioner is responsible for protecting language rights in Inuktitut, French and English languages."
"The Languages Commissioner is also responsible for investigating and investigating, advising and protecting language rights."
"Under the Official Languages Act, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is appointed for a period of four years by the Commissioner of Nunavut following a Supreme Court decision."
"The Management and Services Board of the Legislative Assembly may also decide on the appointment of an Interim Languages Commissioner when the position is vacant and when the Board of Governors is not in session, this information on the appointment of Mr. Arreak also indicated."
"The former Languages Commissioner, Helen Klengenberg, resigned from the office in September."
"Eva Aariak, Colleen’s mother and former Nunavut Premier, was the first Languages Commissioner of Nunavut before she was elected in 2008 to serve as Nunavut’s MLA."
"A public reception was issued for Nunavut’s Languages Commissioner, the Solicitor General’s Office said, and further information was provided on the website."
Montreal Women’s Centre Announces Plans for Emergency Night Centre
Inuit women account for 15 percent of attendance at the Women’s Centre
"Maria Poole-Benton, the Executive Director of This Women’s Centre (Chez Doris), Women’s Centre and Kathy Wong, a city councillor representing Peter-McGill in Montreal on   October 16."
(Picture from the City of Montreal)
"The Town of Montreal here in Ville-Murray has given us the opportunity to begin an expansion program initiated by the Women’s Centre, a day centre for homeless women, which has been converted to a land-based facility that was acquired last year."
"The residents’ decision, announced on Wednesday, October 16, will allow for the establishment of a new facility not far from the centre, which will convert it into an emergency night women’s centre."
"The women’s centre, Women’s Day Centre at 1430 cents Street in Montreal, is open every day of the week for women in need."
A lot of people live.
"The women's centre is here right now at Sammie Street, not too far from Alder Road and Kapoo Beach, the Gathering House for People in Town."
"The Women’s Centre is well known by many Inuit women, of which 15 percent goes to the centre."
"Scheduled to open in the winter of 2021, this building for emergency nights was purchased from a subsidized $1 million Montreal businessman Andrew Harper through the Joyce Community Foundation in Montreal."
"“Thanks to the new housing we have, we will be able to house 22 beds for homeless women,” said Marina Packer-Benton, the executive director of Chess Christian, said in a news release following the event at the women's centre."
"“Currently, women make up 25 percent of the homeless population in Montreal, but the benefits for women are not enough."
This project is a step in the right direction.”
"The good news about the drop-in centre expansion was announced less than a week after this individual who stayed in the centre, Clara Wagersoak, who was originally from the Northwest Territories, passed away on October 11 in the hospital."
Mr. Bowler-Boyden told Nunatsiaq News that Wager Bay's daughter after she committed suicide while in custody she was suffering from chronic illness.
"The majority of people who go to the centres end up in cities because of housing shortages and legal problems, Mr. Bowler-Wheyden says."
"A lot of people go to the women’s centre and go to bed during the day. There are six beds in the facility. There are only a few hours of sleep and then they end up outside at night."
That is going to change with the fact that there is going to be a new bed in the evening.
"Now, the women’s centre, which attracts approximately 100 women every day, provides services and programs to address women’s needs through homelessness, food insecurity, mental health and substance abuse."
Mr. Bowler-Boyden noted that the number of Inuit women entering the program has not changed significantly since 2018.
"“However, we have guided women who need more support than they really need such things as clothing and bathtubs,” she says."
"As the only women’s day centre in Montreal, the St. Therese’s Women’s Centre is now open seven days a week from 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m."
"Due to its ability to run the Income Support Program, the Women’s Centre was suspended for a weekend without providing services for six months in 2014 due to lack of funding."
"“We are hoping that we will get some financial assistance from Makivik, but we don't know if we will get it this time,” says Mr. Bowler-Benton."
"The Women’s Centre also operates the Inuit Impact Benefit Program, but the Women’s Centre raises funds to carry out this program, which accounts for approximately 70 percent of its operations from $1.7 million a year."
"Kathy Wong, the City Councillor representing Peter-McGill County and a spokesperson for the Montreal City Council, said in the announcement of the new nightclub and that it would provide more women with “services available to people who feel safe and safe.”"
Nunavut Liberals do not take advantage of Liberals
"On the serious questions, the Liberals were not very generous."
Mr. Lamela Qaqqaq's victory on October 21 is a testament to his refusal to accept Liberal policy for Nunavut and the North.
Do you recall the Liberal Press Release?
They put out a report in a row.
More than we can remember.
"That doesn’t matter, because the majority of Nunavut’s voters released on October 21, they didn’t produce anything."
"Since 2015, Justin Trudeau and other Liberal governments of Nunavut have published numerous news releases."
Some of the information was new.
"But in the end, the people of Nunavut were just saying, “Oops.”"
"But in the end, the focus was on politicians. Since 1961, Canadians have been focusing on them for change: the New Timberland Wrestling."
"This historic achievement of Mamallaq Qaqqaq is a testament to the dissatisfaction with Mr. Trudeau's approach to northern and northern Canada, which includes a lack of commitment to the ongoing discussions of Inuit-Federal Relations."
"Since 2015, Mr. Trudeau has been working with governing organizations like ITK, NTI, QIA and others."
However, this week's election demonstrates to Nunavummiut that the Inuit-Federal Partnership is not working.
"Which is somewhat ironic, because in the end I don't think the Liberals were able to really answer the questions."
"It is well known by most people in Nunavut that some of the biggest concerns are economic and social issues: housing shortages, food insecurity, high cost of transportation, chronic tuberculosis and suicide is an issue that continues on almost every day."
"But when he last came to Nunavut on October 8, Mr. Trudeau had little news about these concerns."
He talked about the South Baffin region talking about climate change and the loss of polar bears.
"Those are national concerns, but if we have an election this year, Nunavummiut would like to hear their concerns about housing and the high cost of living."
"Instead, the Sylvia Grinnell River site is also a photographic site, not for Nunavut voters, but for southern Canadians."
"In doing so, he did not address the pressures of Nunavummiut and Nunavut Liberal candidate Megan Beyonce-Lyall, even though she should have received more support from the president of the Liberal Party."
"On issues such as food prices and food insecurity, the Liberals took action, establishing a higher level of support for the Nutrition North Canada Program, and providing additional funding, $12.5 million a year for aboriginal harvesters in Nunavut and elsewhere in the North West."
But the Harvester Support Program has to be established and no one can say why this is happening.
"Also on August 1, Mr. Tootoo played a major role in Iqaluit and Arctic Bay, signing an MOU to establish a Lancaster Sound Marine Conservation Area Area Area Marine Conservation Area and promising to start a new conservation area called Area."
"In doing so, he is putting hundreds of millions of dollars into communities in North Baffin for small craft harbours and protection jobs."
He also talked a lot about preservation, such as trying to meet with First Nations.
"The inefficiency of doing this is: coughing about tuberculosis in an overcrowded building, the word “meet” doesn’t make much sense."
"With that in mind, do you remember the Liberal Government’s big announcement about tuberculosis?"
"This was done in early 2018, when Jane Philpott, the then Health Minister of Canada, announced that TB would be eliminated in the Inuit homeland by 2030."
But Mr. Philpott, the Federal Minister who promised to take on this responsibility has disappeared.
"In light of Trudeau’s actions with Joamie Freud and his controversial handling of the S.N.C. Lavalin, Philpott resigned from the House."
"Since then, the Liberals have not heard anything about their efforts to eradicate tuberculosis."
"Like the Harvesters’ Support Program, I think it’s stuck in the Inuit-Federal Relations, so it’s interesting that the discussions that he made about eliminating tuberculosis are in jeopardy."
"And people know that tuberculosis is a result of poverty, inadequate nutrition and inadequate housing."
"But on the housing side, Mr. Trudeau offered an already heated and metaphor last summer."
"And the Government of Canada’s Social Housing Program, “Coordinated Approach” with ITK, has not been an unprecedented step."
We would also like to congratulate Mamela Qaqqaq on her win.
"As one of the fourth Divisional Lawyers of the Legislative Assembly, she will need support in order for her to be heard."
Let the people of Nunavut give their time and support.
"Qaqqaq won two professional medals: Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Pickell-Lyall."
Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that these two individuals continue to fight for the benefit of Nunavummiut and the North.
Members questioned Cabinet about the $80 million increase in the Weber Alphabet Access Road Project
“From the perspective of my colleagues, we have a very good idea of how we can spend $80 million.”
"Joelie Qarnik, MLA for Amittuq, was one of the Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut questioning the Government on this $80 million increase in the Iqaluit-Nuuk Middle East Weber Alphabet Program."
Some Nunavut lawyers are questioning the unspecified benefits of the expansion of the Nuuk-Iqaluit Webber Centre project.
"Last August, the Government of Canada committed $151 million to the project, which was dedicated to the 1,700 kilometre Weber Alphabet Nuuk, from Greenland to Davis Strait to Iqaluit."
From there it would be shipped to Kimmirut.
"The Government of Nunavut will develop the framework and initiate the project, which should be completed in 2023."
"Last year, the Legislative Assembly approved this project, which was estimated to cost $126 million."
"“After this year, we were informed that the project cost had increased due to inflation and it was estimated to be in the range of $209 million,” John Main, MLA for Arviat North-Whale Cove, said in his Member’s Statement on Wednesday, October 23."
"This is an 80 million dollar difference, Mr. Maine says."
"“From the perspective of my colleagues we are able to make a good decision on the feasibility of $80 million,” Mr. Maine says."
The federal contribution comes from the Rural and Northern Community Infrastructure Fund for the Investment in Canada Plan.
The project is now before the Legal Services Board as they review the Main Estimates for 2020/21.
"Later on in Question Period, Joelie Qarniq, MLA for Amittuq asked Mr. Quassa Kusugak, Minister of Community and Government Services, about the $80 million increase that the government plans on doing business."
"This process, as defined in the Government of Nunavut’s Fiscal Planning Assistance Program, “is intended to ensure that the project has clear interpretation, and that they have access to information on the development side, an appropriate cost estimate and a time frame, prior to the start of the budget planning process.”"
"“Has there been any pre-planning work done, yes or no?”"
The invitation asks Ms. Kusugak.
“The planning has been completed and the feasibility study is still underway.
"When we were informed, we realized that it was going to be much more expensive,” Kusugak says."
"Mr. Maine, who is sitting next to me in the House of Commons, is rising to ask more questions to Mr. Kusugak."
“Can the minister indicate how this huge project cost has increased over the past year?”
"Ms. Kusugak reiterated that after funding requests were approved last year, the department re-evaluated the project and increased the cost of the project."
"Ms. Kusugak reiterated that, in May 2019, her department felt that her funding request would have to increase to $201.6 million to “maximize the federal contribution available to the program if necessary.”"
"The following day, on October 24, Mr. Maine rose again in question period to follow up with the Minister of Finance, Mr. George Hickes, on the same issue."
"“Under the Financial Management Board, what steps were taken and what steps were taken to inform the department of the $80 million cost increase in this budget process?”"
Maine asked.
"Mr. Hickes noted that due to the lack of federal support for the project, and in addition to the successful Marine Research Centre, the Government of Nunavut also increased its support."
“The Department of Community and Government Services referred it back to the Financial Management Board for the purpose of finding out that there was a deficit.”
"Mr. Hickes also noted that the Government of Nunavut contributes half of the (25 percent) program, while the federal government contributes 75 percent."
"“As the Government of Nunavut, we don’t have to pay $80 million. We would have to pay 25 percent of that."
"We’re going to be looking for…over the next few years, additional resources to complete this project,” he adds."
"Nunavik needs its own federal regulator, says Makivik President"
Sally Ford after election for Federal Government speaks out on the need for change
"Charlie Ford, President of Makivik Corporation, issued a news release following the October 22 federal election, stating that Nunavut needs its own federal regulator."
By Elaine Sorome
"Makivik President Charlie Ford echoed his comments about the Nunavik Law Centre’s location during a ceremony to announce the new Member of the Legislative Assembly, Sheffield Frobisher."
"“We will be consulting with the Electoral Land Titles Commission to make sure that this is understood, that Nunavik has its own bureaucracy that is geared towards our community, which we would like to see happening right now in light of our self-reliance program,” he says."
“We need that at the provincial level.”
"Apipik-James Bay-Nunavik-Eeyu is the largest federal government program in Quebec, ranging from southern Nunavik to La Valley-de-Wal inland communities. Approximately four of the six 2019 federal candidates are residents, including Papoosie to Black Quebec quebec quebec quebec quebec quebec."
The Nunavik leaders have been calling for their own government for their land since 1972.
"In 2002, the Kativik Municipal Government, including Makivik, went to the Federal Electoral Boundaries Commission for this purpose and reappointed it in 2011."
"Since then the division was expanded in 2013, adding two communities further south."
"The regions were re-designed, under the Commission, to try to balance the population."
"For the whole of Quebec, there are about 100,000 people in the region, while Appati-James-Nunavik-Yo has less than 85,000 people."
"With Nunavik’s population of approximately 13,000, Nunavik has been far below that, but its leaders have been vocal about the issue of Nunavik’s independent society."
"The smallest federal capital is Labrador, which has a population of 26,000, while Newfoundland has a population of about 80,000."
"Mr. Papoosie won the Northern Quebec election by over 11,000 votes, or 40 percent, behind the Liberal and Conservative candidates."
"Ford offered her congratulations to Green Party candidate Keira Qafauna-Whitley, an Inuk from Churchill, who came in fifth place with over 1,000 votes."
"In his speech in Ford, he welcomed Mr. Pruee to visit Nunavik as soon as possible."
"“I look forward to meeting with them, and his support for self-sufficiency is very appreciated, and on issues such as enforcing the Jonathan Chen Act on the rights of indigenous peoples,” Ford says."
"There was a lot of news for Black Quebec to President Ace-Francois Blanchard, whose party won 32 seats for Quebec."
"“It is our hope that you will support us in the development of our mandate in Nunavik – in the areas of law and economic development – and in legislation that we can establish appropriate partnerships,” says Ford."
"“However, in the spirit of Quebec independence, Inuit have long contributed to the Canadian unity.”"
"Mr. Ward set up the election, although the Liberal Party did not have a seat in the new government, to allow the different parties to come together and meet with the rest of Canada."
"“Mr. Justin Trudeau has a strong government that does not have a seat, and he can work with other Party MLAs, NTI, Black Quebec, Green, Conservative and independent candidates -- to pass legislation and bring them to the House of Commons, and work towards getting them together,” he says."
"In terms of Nunavut’s newly elected NTI MLA, Mamela Qaqqaq from Baker Lake, made some positive comments."
"“I remember the NTI meeting in Baker Lake in 1871 with Tagak Curley,” Ford says."
“We were young at that time.
"They will do a good job, Mamela, and I look forward to seeing you and working with you on issues like Inuit self-reliance at the same time, for future generations.”"
"Re-implement the Public Health Strategy (RSV) in Nunavut, thousands of people say"
"“For Inuit, you could save money on the number of lung cancer patients”"
This Air Ambulance Nunavut Lyall Life Line is parked at the Iqaluit International Airport this summer while airplanes are flying.
"In some years, when children suffer from respiratory infections (RSV), respiratory synchronization virus, they have to be sent out and this can result in airline usage and hospitalization costs a lot of money."
"This included Dr. Anna Banerjee and her fellow teachers at the Toronto University Health Centre in 1989. She first introduced this program through change.org at the end of September, and I would like more than 1,000 signatures to be signed."
"However, when this report was finally published, 23,322 names were collected…and now they want to reach 25,000 signatures."
The Public Health Strategy states that the Government of Nunavut would protect many deaths and reduce the need for medical travel by implementing the Palliative Care Program for all infants under the age of six.
"Palimab is a preventative disease, although it is not a vaccine, and it is a marketing campaign called Synagis."
"It has been proven that in infants there are more respiratory diseases ranging from RSV, the acronym for “respiratory synchronization virus,” which is a matte that enters the lungs, and causes a serious illness called bronchitis."
"However, Dr. Michael Patterson, the Chief Medical Officer of Nunavut, noted in an interview with Nunatsiaq News that the Government of Nunavut allocates Palliative Bay from 11 percent to 12 percent for children under the age of 2."
"“We use it more for infants at risk of developing RSV, and for those who support the UK's submission to Palimab,” he says."
"These include infants born alone, under 35 weeks of pregnancy, or babies with chronic lung disease or heart disease."
"Parnauji, an associate professor of pediatrics at the Toronto University School of Medicine, has been writing curriculum for the past 15 years about the persistence and cost of RSV in the north."
"In terms of the results of the study, she is very dissatisfied with the current Nunavut Health Care Policy and says that all Nunavut infants need this Cancer Prevention Program."
"Dr. Anna Banerjee, Associate Professor of Pediatrics at the Toronto University School of Medicine, said after studying Inuit infants with a flu vaccine called Palliative Care would make a difference in their lives and finances."
The Government of Nunavut’s Food Price Index is very useful.
He stated in his research that the RSV disease is a chronic and multi-faceted disease and has resulted in the creation of a wide range of air ambulances and medical travel to the Nunavut Public Health Agency.
"The cost of preventative medicine is very high: about $5,600 per patient."
"However, at this cost, Mr. Speaker, the planner and many people believe that this is a significant subsidy."
"In most cases, in Nunavut, we have a lot of early illnesses and medevacs are the most effective way to deal with it."
"“We have done a lot of cost studies that have shown in the north that if we put more money into Plymouth, it would save us money,” he said in an interview."
"The cost analysis, published in 2013, tracked the number of lung illnesses in Kitikmeot infants: it was set at 389 out of 1,000."
"The study, which was conducted from January 1, 2009 to June 30, 2010, found that the cost of hospitalization for this disease had increased to $57,535."
"In the Qikiqtani region, lung cancer rates in infants were as high as 2002 out of 1,000 infants and in the Kivalliq, 230 out of 1,000 newborns."
This means that the Government of Nunavut has spent $5.9 million on terminally ill Qikiqtani Region and approximately $5.7 million on Kivalliq Infant Health Centres. That was the case during the study.
"However, as a result, the Kivalliq had the highest rate of lung cancer hospitalization: $63,686."
"“For Inuit, it saves money, because lung cancer is very high,” he says."
Head of Ontario Nursing Association supports petition
“Inuit infants are ten times more likely to require hospital treatment for respiratory illnesses than ”at-risk“ infants and the disease is even more severe in its sensitivity.
"Although this is a major problem, Inuit infants in Nunavut do not receive health care,” Mr. Gandy wrote in the submission."
"There is also a situation with professionals identified in the North West School of Health, the Canadian Health Association and the Canadian Health Research Institute for Aboriginal Peoples."
However, healthy infants born in Nunavut at the end of the year do not receive the Cancer Prevention Program -- whether they come from vulnerable communities outside of Iqaluit and have a higher incidence of chronic lung illnesses.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, I think the Minister of Health and Social Services is saying that he’s dealing with these errors.
“I have worked very hard.
I have shown them what I am explaining to the public.
"Carolyn Bennett, Jane Webbot, have seen my notes and said it is credible,” she says."
Nunavik vaccinates all infants
"He also revealed that, unlike Nunavut, health officials in Nunavik have given Palliative Care Program to all infants over the past three years."
"In the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on October 18, the Minister of Health George Hickes said in response to questions from Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu MLA Pat Angnakak that the Government of Nunavut should take a close look at Nunavik activities."
"“We are following up on that project,” says Hickes."
Ms. Arnakak noted that RSV (Lung Disease) has had a devastating impact on the family.
"“Not too long ago, I know that the baby had to be sent to the hospital for RSV and it has a huge impact on the family, especially when this is a very young child."
However Mr. Hickes defended the Government of Nunavut’s current approach and insisted that the Government is not saving money for Inuit only by providing this service.
“This is not a legal or policy decision on the cost.
"It depends on the quality of health care that we do,” Hickes says."
Mr. Patterson goes on to say that the Nunavik Health Care Program was passed three years earlier, starting with infants under the age of six.
"“We are still waiting for the numbers on that, and if we find out that there is a cost savings by lending Palliative Mab, then we will implement that very quickly,” Mr. Patterson says."
"But, in his view, there is still not enough concrete evidence to implement Nunavut."
"“There are two things that I don’t agree with in terms of trying to get a petition and the other one is to show that this has been completed, or that there is some scientific evidence on that."
"There are a lot of people who still have questions,” he says."
The use of the Palimab in Nunavut comes from a long time ago.
"In 2008, the Government of Nunavut completely refused to participate in the Panniqtuuq Research Project on the RSV, or any major industry in Greenland, Nunavik and the Northwest Territories."
A small building to be seen arrives in Churchill
Nunavik Construction offers small construction
"A small building to see, from Nunavik Construction, was brought to Churchill by ship this past summer."
(Picture from Nunavik Construction Company)
The first of these small housing units constructed arrived in Nunavik by ship to Churchill last summer.
"“I wanted to show how many good houses we built for the north,” says Willie Gabbard, co-founder of Nunavik Construction, Home Design Architect and Architect of Churchill and Nieberville, Quebec."
"Ten years ago, Godfrey, a Churchill plumber, stove mechanic and builder, ran into a conflict with housing expert Claude Janelle."
"“We started talking about affordable housing in the north,” Mr. Gabbard says."
“Housing in the north is too expensive.
It started from there.”
From there they have developed the design of the small units taking into account the northern climates.
The houses have metal siding and roofs that are windy and can last longer than normal.
"It is designed with sandwiches, roofs and ceilings and has three layers of windows to keep the heat out."
"They have floor-to-ceiling furnaces, not wall-to-wall furnaces, trying to balance the temperature throughout the building."
"“I think that’s the only way we can do it in the north,” Mr. Gabbard says."
“There are a lot of problems with the boilers and the furnaces go to a certain part.
People say that their feet are starting to freeze.
Their houses are well insulated, but they are walking in.”
The design for Nunavik Construction is a one bedroom cabin.
(Picture from Nunavik Construction Company)
"As an engineer of furnaces and plumbing from all over Nunavut, Godfrey is responsible for ensuring that the buildings are built in the way they are structured, that everything is structured and maintained."
"The Nunavik Construction Corporation has a wide range of conditions with small units, four bedroom units, and alternate units that are accessible to them."
"They can add an extra room and it can be expanded, for example, when the children are older."
"The building that is being advertised in Churchill is one bedroom, which is five metres from the ground and ten metres from Tuktu."
There is an entrance at the end of the building to the kitchen and living area.
Behind the bedroom is the washroom.
The power plant is located in another building adjacent to that building.
It took approximately two hours to complete the building by putting it in place and putting the electrical and plumbing together.
"This house can be purchased for $228,000, for the garbage and everything else, says Mr. Godfrey."
"In Nunavik, a house costs between $500,000 and $600,000, he says."
"“We are trying to build affordable housing that has adequate space and problems with the water supply system,” says Mr. Godfrey."
"“I have been a plumber, oil burner mechanic for many years now and a lot of the designs are already fixed, the pipes are inadequate, the boiler system is inadequate."
I have been building these things for many years and now we have something that is more suitable for the North.”
"The houses are built in Soprak, Quebec, and they are built within a month, Godfrey said. They were loaded by trucks and then shipped by ship."
"After we get the order and if the booking is on time for the sealift, the building could be in place for the next summer."
"“In the future, if this goes well, we are thinking about building jobs in the north,” he says."
“But this requires a lot of money.”
He goes on to say that these units across the north would be adequate and they would be very happy to have someone ordered from Nunavut or from Greenland.
"“We are open and waiting for the expenditure information and there is a plan for construction,” says Mr. Godfrey."
“We are prepared to assist people in need of housing.”
"In Canada’s Arctic, sea ice is at its lowest level."
“We may be a month behind schedule for the year.”
"“The freeze is very late this year,” says Gjoa Haven resident Willie Aglukkaq, who took this picture on October 18."
"“It is still boating inland, which is not the case in Gjoa Haven."
I have never seen it on the ice like that all my life.”
(Photographer Willie Aglukkaq)
By Dustin Vader
"Last October, when Juda Sarpinak of Igloolik started hunting seals, he had to go by snowmobile."
"When he was trying to do the same thing the following year, he had to go boating."
"In Nunavut and other northern territories, it is the same thing."
"“This is the first time I have seen this permafrost in my entire life,” says Willie Aglukark, who has lived in Gjoa Haven for almost 40 years."
That is correct.
"As of October 15, sea ice deposits were at 5.118 million square kilometres, the lowest level since records began in 1968."
"“Depending on where we are at, we may be doing it a month later than we were last year,” says Georges Langey, Technical Analyst with Geological Services Canada."
But this is not the first time this year that the sea ice has been too low.
April was also one of the worst ice conditions ever recorded.
After that, July was one of the most popular publications ever.
"In August, the erosion of the ice slowed down."
"“We were on par with the lowest levels of ice in 2007 and 2016, but higher than in 2012,” says Walter Mayer, Senior Research Analyst in the Canadian Institute of Technology and Geoscience."
"“But we are at a lower level than the 2012 lows at this time because of slower freezing temperatures -- 2012 quickly returned to normal, but last winter, the ice melted.”"
"As of October 15, the ice thickness of the ice was lower than in 2012, which was at its lowest level at that time."
(Certificate from NCDC)
The level of sea ice is dependent on global warming.
"“If there is water that doesn't have ice and the temperature is colder than the water, then the climate change even though it's in the outer space will cool down and the water will cool down or freeze up very quickly,” says Lawrie."
"However, the Arctic temperatures in October have been relatively mild, with extreme temperatures in the past six months."
"“It was a great summer,” says Mr. Mayer."
"As of April, the monthly temperature remained the third warmest -- at the Arctic temperature -- on record, with May and August at the highest."
(Picture from UNEP)
This year’s event will bring even greater results.
"“Through things like global warming like human consumption vehicles, we have seen a decrease in sea ice thickness from 1979,” says Pascal Pattuji, Director of GRID-Geneva, in a news release released by the Jonathan Nissan Environmental Program (UNEP)."
"One example of what is happening this year in the Arctic, is that the reduction in ice conditions has contributed to Arctic warming over the years."
"According to this press release, “Global warming has increased to 0.5 C.C. over the last decade between 1982 and 2017, primarily due to the Solar Atmosphere System deteriorating in 1979."
This is twice as fast as the rest of the world.”
This summer has not been an exception.
"Although the year-to-year trend continues, ice conditions are now recovering."
"“The ice is just freezing up,” says Ms. Aglukkaq."
"In the past ten days, since October 20, the sea ice has increased by approximately 1.5 million square kilometres, including the water near Gjoa Haven."
"If the permafrost continues, 2019 may be even higher than it was in 2012."
Iqaluit welcomes new fire chief
“To me, this person is excited about what is happening.”
Mr. Gord Howard became the Iqaluit Fire Chief two weeks ago.
"Since then she has been reading and doing a lot of research, but she says that her new job can do more."
(Photographer Dustin Batak)
"When Gordon Howard appeared at the City Council meeting on October 22 when he became the fire chief, he did not expect to be interviewed."
“Are you a Montreal Canadiens fan?”
Asked by Member Joanasie Akumalik.
"After a brief silence, Mr. Howard said, “No.”"
They are here with a lot of laughter.
"A week later, in an interview with Nunatsiaq News, Mr. Howard said, “That’s why I thought my support might not be heard.”"
"Herbert, who grew up in Hamilton, came to Iqaluit through Meeford, Ontario, a community in Collingwood close to George Bay."
"Although he has been here for the first time, he has come from the North."
"In his ten years as Emergency Health Officer for the Canadian Armed Forces, the Arviat area has been tented in the middle of winter."
"“So I understand the snow, I understand the cold weather, but at the same time they have to do something about it."
It seems like it’s in another part of the world and that’s why I came here.
"And the department is a very diverse department,” says Mr. Howard, referring to the Iqaluit Fire Department amalgamation -- some of them are professional firefighters and others just volunteer."
That was the only thing that Mr. Howard did not take to Iqaluit.
In addition to their experience in firefighting and emergency preparedness -- which rarely happens in other areas -- it was also due to the frequency of fires in Iqaluit.
"“What has happened in this department is overwhelming,” says Mr. Howard."
"“There is a lot of work going on here and looking at the resources that are in place.”"
"The activities that the department is doing are things like, and now Heather, the new one here, from water problems and the lack of volunteers, to fires and the fact that the fire hall is too small."
“We can't change this overnight and there doesn't seem to be a lot of change in the middle of the night.
"If we keep going forward and we don't go backwards I would be happy,” says Mr. Haughey."
"“To me, it’s a fun project."
"The excitement is that we are trying to do something and we know that we can do something about it.”"
"On the first question of being appointed as the city’s Director of Emergency Management, “I am a Toronto Assistant,” says Howard with a smile."
“It’s nice to hear that some people are supporting the fire hall in Toronto.
"I brought a Stanley Cup flag, so I hope that we will be able to show it by vehicle if they win the Stanley Cup within 20 or 30 years.”"
Bedbug infestation is a concern for Nunavik patients travelling to Montreal
The boarding home manager says they do inspections but they never found anything.
This is just a meal that you wouldn't want to see in your room: the bedbug.
"But just recently, bedbugs have been seen at the Korvail Boarding Home where patients from Nunavik stay when they come to the city."
Exposure to bedbugs at Nunavik Boarding Homes on medical travel to Montreal continues to be a concern for the boarding home and their families.
This picture shows the bedbug that Cecilia Tukshaka saw last month in her mother’s room here at the Coroner Boarding Home in Kirt de Lees Granular.
(Picture by Cecilia Tukosaka)
"In mid-October, Cecilia Kuutsaka was visiting her mother at the Corility Boarding Home here in Kirt de Lees Granville. She was very scared: she saw a bug under the blanket, which she filmed."
"Mr. Speaker, Ms. Kuutsaka pointed to the patient relations officer in Nunavik at the Ublivik Boarding Home, in this case there are several bedrooms, 39 all together, on the first floor when it is full."
Kuutsaka called her mother and told her that she would never be there again.
"The hotel's president, Sadio Abdul Noor, told Nunatsiaq News last week that he was dealing with bedbugs."
"That was the case a few days ago, with all the testing done, with the Trichinosis Report, they couldn’t find anything."
"One room test found that there were bedbugs in there, but they are no longer there."
Mr. Speaker, Abdul Noor also posted e-mails of patients who had seen bedbugs.
"Given the importance of the operation of the Ublivik Boarding Home, Mr. Andrew Noor said that all rooms were worked on this year and were regularly inspected and dealt with if required."
Nunatsiaq News was not able to talk to all the Nunavik Community Health Boards or Module du nord-québec which deals with the Nunavik Health Centre in Montreal about bedbugs and what to do about it.
Mr. Speaker, the MNQ has sent a number of concerns via email to Mr. Andrew Noor.
"“It seems like the boarders are seeing bedbugs and they don’t want to stay in hotels anymore,” writes George Delilah, President of Ublivik on October 16."
“Let me know what it is and what it is and when it will be resolved.
We have to inform the patients that the bedbugs were dealt with.”
Ublivik always looks after the patients’ closets/bags before they enter.
There are bedbugs in Montreal: the infestation caused the government offices to be closed at Complexes Guy-Favre last month.
"And if there are bedbugs in patients in the North, this would not be the first case, as was the case in 2010 in Winnipeg."
"The bedbugs are very disgusting: they are very small, but they get very cold because they chew, they get very old and they get very bad skin after they bite the skin."
The bedbugs have a tube that can be transmitted to the blood so that the blood doesn’t get too thick and it doesn’t affect the blood.
"For another pipe, the bedbug is pumped out of blood, sometimes within five minutes, and after they have melted, they start looking purple and they seem to have bubbles."
"Bed bugs eat every five to ten days and can live for a whole year, staying in areas such as bottom layers, peas and other hot, dark and appearing when they want to eat."
"The good news is that bedbugs don’t stay cold, so they end up sleeping and dying."
So you can kill your containers outside for a couple of days if it doesn’t have warmer temperatures.
"Try to avoid bedbugs while you are out on the land, check on the roof of the house, look at the bottom of the floor and don’t put your bags in bed."
"And when you go home, wash your clothes before they go into your room and make sure that your bags don't have bedbugs."
"If you see the bedbug in the Montreal boarding home, you can call 311 cities for problems."
"Baffinland Conference Cancelled, More Gathering in Pond Inlet Cancelled"
“Inuit have to be involved in the process.
"It affects every aspect of Inuit life,” says NTI President"
"Representatives from Igloolik and Pond Inlet are listening to Aluki Kuuttiq, President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, in a motion to stop the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s final meeting of the Baffinland Project 2 expansion Wednesday, November 6, in Iqaluit."
(Photographer Emma Tarrant)
By Emma Tarrant and Elaine Ashoomie
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board’s meeting on Baffinland’s proposed expansion of the Mary River Iron Ore Project ended abruptly, with another two days of meeting in Pond Inlet cancelled."
"On Wednesday, November 6, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated President Aluki Kuuttiq moved a motion to immediately end this last public meeting and to continue the session for eight months to a year."
When he spoke loudly, it was very interesting to hear people who wanted to speak to their counterparts just looked around, as the members looked around with Baffinland to see what they were going to do with the incident.
"The Baffinland Task Force had facial hair stops, sometimes moving their arms and turning to the table as Kuuttiq made his motion."
“We are concerned that this public meeting will be completed without action being completed.
People need to be consulted and have good dialogue.
"Whoever is here would like to understand all the issues raised and how it would affect NTI and the organizations,” Kuuttiq says as the House is full of speakers and people."
"It affects every aspect of people’s lives,” he says"
"The motion was introduced during the Fifth Session in Iqaluit, just before the end of the hour."
The Nunavut Impact Review Board’s first agenda was set to proceed with the consultation process in Pond Inlet so that the community can participate on November 8 and 9.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board approved Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated’s motion, condemned the meeting and cancelled the meeting in Pond Inlet."
"Throughout the week, Baffinland representatives who wanted to have an opportunity to speak on their plans to build a rail link north from Mary River to the Mary River port."
"This is a rail road and other parts from the dock. It would make it easier that the company is producing a larger volume now with 6 million tonnes of mercury a year producing up to 12 million tonnes."
"What is striking this week is that Baffinland’s proposal to amend its program permits by removing its production limits and putting in place a restricted export ban, 20 times a rail return and 176 sealift a year."
"The motion to adjourn the meeting was supported by unanimous consent to have a say, many of whom expressed concerns about the uncertainty surrounding the project."
"P. J. Akeeagok, Qikiqtani Inuit Association President, told Nunatsiaq News that he believes in the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s process to ensure that “people have the opportunity to ask questions about these issues” and that it “allows residents to voice their concerns on an ongoing basis.”"
"Mr. Akeeagok also said that the motion was not expected, but was well organized on the last day of the session."
Baffinland officials are watching Kuuttiq as the mover of the protest.
“I think it would be that there are too many questions that haven't been resolved yet.
"The way I see it, if you are going to decide your future, then you have to be well informed to make good decisions."
There was not enough here.”
Representatives from the North Baffin communities unanimously agreed to the motion.
"“There has to be more information and research done,” says Amanda Hanson-Maine, a researcher with the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Organization."
He stated that the project “may have serious implications on our values and our human and international reputation.”
"Some members at the table expressed their dissatisfaction with the Mary River project, and wanted to continue Baffinland’s work in Nunavut, but there were too many questions and concerns about the proposed expansion."
"“What we hear is that it is too flooded and unacceptable,” says Peter Ivalu, who represents the Hamlet of Igloolik."
“All the information has to be translated.
Everything has to be transparent.”
"The Government of Nunavut concurred with the motion, in this regard, noting that there is a significant disagreement between the proponent and the shareholder, which is a deterrent."
"The Government of Canada also supported the motion, but stated that the Nunavut Impact Review Board could make a decision on the length of time that the moratorium would take."
"Through its Legal Services Division, Baffinland said that they were dissatisfied with the motion to suspend the Legislative Assembly for eight months and were dissatisfied with the motion until they were informed."
"“All of the things that came here at the communiqué conference could have gone ahead as of November 2nd,” says Brad Armstrong, Legal Counsel for Baffinland."
“None of them said they weren't prepared to start on that date.
In no way did any statement deter them from appearing in this House.”
"Megan Loehr-Hoyer, the Vice-President of Recycling for Baffinland, said the delay would have an impact on the “immediate problems” of the project."
"“But we will do all we can to provide and protect 3,000 Canadians with jobs, 476 of whom are Inuit."
We have to know that people are going to work with us.
"We have to have an opportunity to see how much of a problem the project might be,” Mr. Loehr-Hoyer says."
"Although the Qikiqtani Inuit Association has stated that they can’t contribute to Phase 2, Mr. Akeeagok said that they will continue to work on the Inuit Impact Review Program and that the program will remain economically viable."
“We are not satisfied with the Mary River project.
We are working with them.
We own the Inuit land where they work.
"We support Inuit employment,” he says."
“We have invested a lot of money and work to make this project viable for some time.
"So with that in mind, we have to find a balance."
But right now there is nothing.”
Mr. Akeeagok also noted that the community’s uncertainty about the impact of the railroad on our caribou herds is important.
"“As an Inuk, these things have had a direct impact on our cultural rights."
"It was evident to the elders that when they were here that they were not thinking about themselves, this is also part of our future."
And that is what I am focusing on.
"My decisions right now are not just for the present time, but for the next generation."
I leave them with a better foundation than I did before?
"That is the foundation of decision making, no matter what your culture is,” he says."
"By way of motion, the Nunavut Impact Review Board allowed the Nunavut Impact Review Board to submit submissions by November 15."
"From there, the Nunavut Impact Review Board will provide written submissions to the motion and the length of the waiting period."
Nunavut Legislative Assembly Approves Amendments to the Income Tax Act
“Mr. Speaker, our government is working diligently to restore the Coppermine Tax Rebate Program as a source of revenue.”
"Member Adam Maychrun asked the Minister of Finance, George Hickes, about Bill 26, An Act to Amend the Income Tax Act, during the Department of Justice meeting on Wednesday, November 6."
The Nunavut Legislative Assembly updated the Nunavut Income Tax Act to amend the Copper Tax Act.
"The changes, which were read for the third time on Wednesday, November 6, included an increase in private mortgage payments from $13,325 to $16,000."
"This will result in taxpayers making close to $3,000 a year before they have to pay the Nunavut Income Tax."
"The other change is to increase the living tax burden from $1,200 to $1,500."
"This means that taxpayers who earn more than $60,000 will be reimbursed an additional $300 through the Income Tax Act."
In addition, the Nunavut business tax rate for small businesses has dropped from 4 percent to 3 percent.
"“Our government is working aggressively to make sure that we recover our Copper Payments as a source of revenue,” says Finance Minister George Hickes."
"The Government of Canada’s new Copper Tax Rebate Program came into effect in Nunavut on July 1, to bring the fuel price up to 5 cents per litre. The Government of Nunavut introduced the Copper Rebate Program, which helped reduce the cost of fuel."
"During discussions on the proposed income tax reform, Nunavut MLAs agreed that coffee tax revenues should be returned to Nunavummiut."
However, there was no consensus on how best to do this.
"Adam Lightstone, MLA for Iqaluit-Manirajak, expressed concern that, and I quote, “With the reduction in income tax rates, the Government of Nunavut’s Copper Tax Rebate Program will have to be applied to government operations.”"
“It is my understanding that we are in dire need of federal support and that our own revenues are only 10 to 15 percent.
"If we really need to use our own revenues for our operations,” says Lighthizer."
“Why is the government trying to use the Copper Tax Rebate Program to subsidize government operations?”
"“The Copper Tax Payments that we are developing will be a fraction of that would be with the Government of Nunavut and Copenhagen has tried to make it suitable for our own coffee,“ responds Hicks, adding, ”I don't think we would be very satisfied if we just put the Copper Payments into other revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Coffers.”"
Lighthizer also suggested that amending the Income Tax Act would be the most appropriate way to reimburse Nunavummiut.
"They also indicated that the Copper Tax Benefit coming to the Government of Nunavut was intended to, in reducing Nunavut’s dependence on coffee."
“Climate change is a major concern to me and it needs to be addressed now and for future generations.
"Having said that, I have brought forward a number of ideas for our government on how to come up with solutions or alternatives to help Nunavummiut reduce their energy consumption,” says Lighthizer."
“Why have these ideas not been considered and proposed to be used in the Copenhagen Tax Rebate Program?”
Mr. Hickes responded by saying that each department, which is responsible for specific projects, is listening.
"Some departments have begun work with other departments, including the Qulliq Energy Corporation, which is responsible for developing an energy efficient LED street lighting system in Nunavut and this was approved at the meeting shortly before that."
"In 2019/20, the Government of Nunavut thinks it will generate approximately $12 million in Copenhagen tax revenues."
It would be broken down as follows:
• Two million dollars for the government for more expensive furnaces for public housing and government buildings such as schools and health centres.
• 3.6 million dollars for the new Nunavut Coffee Rebate.
• 6.2 million dollars will be returned to Nunavummiut and Nunavut jobs this year as a result of amendments to the Income Tax Act.
However, for Lighthizer, this is a mathematical error.
"“When you look at a 50 percent rebate from the refinery and an additional 50 percent from the Copper Tax Rebate, why is there so little room for energy conservation activities?”"
"Mr. Hickes responded that the Federal Fixed Rate for Copper Tax will increase every year over the next five years, and even though this 50 percent deduction from gas stations will continue, next year increasing the tax credit will generate additional revenue for other projects."
The Bill received second reading on November 6 and had third reading on the evening of November 3.
"In spite of that, Mr. Speaker, the day before her new son told the House that he had been sleeping for three hours and left."
"Shortly after in an email to Nunatsiaq News, Mr. Lighthizer stated that he was not satisfied that he was going to vote on the Act."
"“I don't agree with the circumstances of Bill 26, I don't think there is a proper set-up of the year policy,” wrote Lighthizer D’Arcy, who was going to speak to the Legislative Assembly."
“The purpose of the Copper Tax is to reduce the amount of fuel and crabs that come from the workplace and talk about climate change.
"If this Act included an energy tax rebate for individuals and businesses who wish to contribute to energy efficiency, or if the Government of Nunavut had put in place measures to help people purchase and develop energy efficiency programs then I would have been very pleased to have passed this Act.”"
Despite Mr. Lighthizer's dissatisfaction, this bill was passed.
Mr. Hickes commented that he was very receptive to suggestions on how to use the Copper Tax revenues to reduce Nunavut’s coffee industry.
“I strongly encourage members of the public to write letters to their Members of the Legislative Assembly or to the Government of Nunavut with ideas of what could be done in this area.”
"More than 34,000 people visited Nunavut in 2018 than in 2015."
GN Releases Annual Tourism Report for 2018/19
Passengers aboard the Wayne Orson (One Ocean) Research Vessel sailing from the Yukon Tiggs Island near North West of Ongawak Harbour.
(Photos from Emma Toronto)
"From April to September 2018, over 51,000 people visited Nunavut from outside of Nunavut."
"This is a reference to the Nunavut Annual Tourism Report for 2018/19 by the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which was tabled in the Legislative Assembly earlier this month."
"The same people that came here spent a total of $271,383,000 in registration and travel expenses."
The report does not address actual expenditures other than travel.
"On average, there were approximately 16,750 visits from non-Nunavut communities from May to October 2015, based on that year's Nunavut Exit Survey."
"The Baffin and Kivalliq regions have the most visited from July to September 2018."
"The Qikiqtaaluk region received 95,600 visitors, and just over half (53.2%) came to Iqaluit with a budget of $75.1 million."
Pond Inlet and Pangnirtung are the second and third communities visited here in the Baffin region.
"In the Kivalliq, Rankin Inlet received 33,600 visitors and spent $68 million, followed by Baker Lake and Arviat."
Cambridge Bay was one of the Kitikmeot’s most visited communities.
Drinkers of the Wayne Orson Research Vessel sail from Yukon to Kimmirut in August 2019.
"In 2018, 3,404 cruise ships travelled to Nunavut in the last two and a half months."
"The Coast Guard spent $388,351 on community services, the report also indicates."
However, weather and ice conditions affected 50 percent of the ships that wanted to visit Nunavut.
"The Department was given the status of eight passengers operating 23 departing Nunavut from July to September 2018."
"The ships carried 3,404 passengers in total."
"Just over half of that, or roughly 59 percent of the cargo shipped to Pond Inlet landed in Nunavut."
"Iqaluit is the second most visited vessel with 8.3 percent, followed by Qikiqtarjuaq, with 6.1 percent visits and Grise Fiord with 5.9 percent."
"Cruise ship visits to Pond Inlet not only spent a total of $245,565, but these tourists were the most visited 100 hours of the 189.5 hours of cruise ship visits from Nunavut, according to the report."
"Cambridge Bay, Gjoa Haven, Kimmirut and Kugluktuk were not visited by cruise ships in 2018."
"According to the report, both Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven were expecting seven visits, but both were cancelled due to weather."
"The report indicated that Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven had an impact on cancellations of cruise ships with a combined loss of approximately $25,000."
"The feedback from the report came from the Cruise Exit Survey 2018, which was conducted by cruise ship operators and other visitors to Nunavut last year."
"In 2018, the Government of Nunavut had to address community concerns from Pond Inlet and Clyde River regarding the use of cruise ships going through hunting grounds."
"According to the report, the Government of Nunavut consulted with the Alliance for Northern Research Vessel Operators and all cruise ship operators to avoid the passage."
"It also stated that while tourism is an independent development, the government needs support for development."
"In Nunavut, this means developing and employing Nunavummiut in the tourism industry."
“There is always a lack of interest and skilled people in different tourism sectors.
"In the absence of skilled tradespeople, tourism has not been fully realized for its potential."
"Training has a long history in the tourism industry in Nunavut,” the report states."
"Mr. Speaker, the Government of Nunavut’s Inuit Cruise Ship Training Program, which trains 12 Inuit a year to work as part of the Inuit Cruise Ship Research Program, the report says."
"According to the report, all Government of Nunavut tourism inspectors are Inuit."
"“Traditionally, tourism data is lacking, thereby creating uncertainty about the size of the economy and its ability to contribute to the Nunavut economy,” the report states."
"The department has assisted 115 tourism-related projects in 2018, totalling $1,272,822."
These projects include:
"• Nunatta Furniture Museum, Voice Nunavut Exhibit: $50,100"
"• Bay Tank Tour: $48,383"
"• Igloolik Hamlet, Start-up of Igloolik Arts: $81,785"
"• Atcho (Artcirq), Legends Creation: $99,872"
"• NDC and Winnipeg Art Gallery New: $225,000 over 3 years"
"Mary River: If its economic potential is an issue, let’s make it a reality."
MLAs are very interested in Baffinland earnings disclosure
Participants are sitting in Iqaluit at Katt Hall on the fourth day of the Nunavut Impact Review Board held a public meeting on the proposed Baffinland iron ore mine rail road expansion proposal at Mary River.
"Nunavut’s approach to regulatory compliance for industrial development, which began in the 1993 Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, has not been to deal with issues such as corruption, conflicting environmental and socio-economic studies at the Mary River Iron Ore Mine over the past decade."
"This was advertised in Iqaluit earlier this month, when the Nunavut Impact Review Board held its last public meeting on the $900 million rail line expansion proposal from the Baffinland Iron Ore Corporation amid sudden disruption of confusion and misunderstanding."
The last day of the seven-day meeting scheduled for Pond Inlet was cancelled.
"At the same time, with Baffinland costing tens of billions of dollars, the multi-dimensional iron ore mine is in jeopardy."
"At the time of writing this, the Nunavut Impact Review Board still had to make a decision on a resolution from NTI that, if approved, it would delay it by eight to 12 months."
"And the Baffinland Land Credit Corporation, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, said in the near future that they could not support or approve an expansion of the railway."
"However, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association Working Group, the Qikiqtaaluk Corporation, has stated that they are fully supportive of the project."
So is Arctic Co-operatives.
This is a very specialized program.
"On behalf of Baffinland, the Deputy Minister of Recycling, Megan Loehr-Hoyer, commented on this fact that the company was concerned about the viability of the project, saying, “We will take significant steps to stabilize and protect Canadians with 3,000 jobs, 476 of whom are Inuit.”"
"Last week, Baffinland reported in Nunatsiaq News that it laid off 490 southern contractors and 96 contractors from Inuit labour."
That brings us to one of the biggest unanswered questions on the project: the Mary River funding.
"Baffinland has said that the mine's economic potential is uncertain unless regulators permit the construction of a 110-kilometre rail link to Mary River and increase production by 12 million tonnes a year, which would allow them to travel 176 times through the Eclipse Sound."
"The problem is, they didn’t come up with a public report to help with that."
"And from that point on, most of the professionals did not ask questions on that."
"A year ago, even though they didn't have something to show up that didn't stop the Stakeholder Statement of Trust."
"For example, in the summer and fall of 2018, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association stamped with Baffinland to protect them from the Nunavut Impact Review Board."
"On August 31 of that year, the Nunavut Impact Review Board decided that the Federal Government should not approve ahead of time and in a smaller fiscal year, from 4.2 million tonnes of mercury to 6 million tonnes."
"So Baffinland and their partner, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, did a lot of work."
"Over the next few weeks, correspondence was sent to the senior decision makers on this side, Dominique Leblanc, who was then the federal Northern Affairs Minister, asking the board's decisions to be reversed."
Why?
With the money.
"The Inuit Association said that they were shocked at the Mary River mine's potential, that they would have to provide a significant amount of funding and assistance, worth over $20 million to the people here in the new Inuit Impact and Benefit Agreement."
Ottawa agreed.
"In light of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s concerns about the feasibility of funding the mine, the federal government approved Baffinland’s proposal last year."
"“We are also concerned about the long-term viability of the Mary River Iron Ore Project and the knowledge of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association (QIA) concerns that an economic development project would comply with the development application process,” Leblanc wrote in a September 30, 2018 letter signed by the Federal-Aboriginal Minister, Minister Minister Carolyn Barnard."
"In other words, the most important MP in the public… . The Federal Government has agreed that economic prosperity is important and vital to it."
And they did that even though there was no accounting showing in there.
This is a big problem.
"Because if it is true that this project is not profitable, the Member of the Legislative Assembly for what the Member is saying should want to see what he is saying."
"In every aspect of the Mary River project, the Baffinland staff -- as required -- must produce hundreds of benefits for the Mary River project."
"But in terms of the project’s financial capacity, I don’t think the Nunavut Impact Review Board is very interested in releasing public signs."
"For example, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has recommended that a lengthy financial statement obtained by the Canadian Coast Guard from the Northwest Passage be “irrelevant” and not be formally tabled in the Council’s Public Registry."
(The letter is still on our website).
The Nunavut Impact Review Board recommended that this recommendation be adopted after the letter was tabled and subsequently withdrawn at Baffinland’s request.
"In this case, Baffinland wanted to submit, separately, a shorter financial statement stating why Baffinland could generate more revenue through higher production."
This desire to be independent may be a problem.
At least Baffinland has made some adjustments to that.
"In response to this, the Nunavut Impact Review Board made a different decision, which is ridiculous."
"If the federal government is going to invest in economic development, then this Federal Income Support Board should do the same."
"Surely, the Nunavut Impact Review Board and other regulators should be looking for additional resources to do such a thing."
They have to be aggressive.
"Also, the Baffinland Leases Land, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association."
"In addition to these types of concerns that may arise again, the federal government should amend the federal legislation governing the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s practices, the Nunavut Planning Commission and the Program Review Act, to clarify how financial information should be dealt with in the future."
"Although I wish I had the opportunity to speak, there are still a lot of questions that remain unanswered about Baffinland’s final expansion proposal, related to the railroad's impact on caribou, the impact on sealift whales, the program’s lack of Inuit employment, and much more."
"There are many questions on the Arctic Bay/South Baffin Rail Port Proposal, which Baffinland received approval in 2013 to construct, and 18 million tonnes per year, it is not clear why Baffinland was asked to build in 2013 when they were allowed to produce 18 million tonnes a year."
It is still unclear why Baffinland has not proceeded with this plan.
But the biggest question is how will this program be sustainable.
Child and Family Services Increased in Nunavik
Economic growth is keeping pace with Quebec’s promises.
Children and teachers were here at the Aqevik Preschool in Clyde River in 2016.
"Earlier this year, the Quebec Government increased support for families in the Early Childhood Education Program, based on family income."
"On November 7, 2019, the Non-Insured Health Benefits Program was cancelled and the Early Childhood Education Program was set at $8.25 per day."
(Picture by Nunavikkchildcare.ca)
By Elaine Ashoomi
"The economic restructuring in Quebec has resulted in additional funding for family and child services in Quebec, including Nunavik."
"Quebec’s GDP was identified as being 2.4% for 2018/19, which is 0.6% higher than previously thought."
"Meanwhile, Quebec’s Finance Minister, Eric Jarrett, announced on November 7 that $857 million will be used to meet the stated fiscal needs of the Government of Nunavut."
Two things that will be coming out of this will be the envy of the Child Welfare Program and the Child Benefit Program.
"“A renewal of the Quebec Economy and Prosperity has demonstrated Quebec’s success in this area,” Mr. Jarrett said in the press release."
“Economic growth in Quebec gives us an opportunity to reduce the deficit and fulfill the government’s promises.”
"With this program, Quebec repeals the Extended Family Services Program that was implemented by the former Liberal Government in 2016."
"Under this program, there is additional support for childcare on top of the per-day wage."
This subsidy was increased by $15 a day for higher income earners.
"For families who make less than $50,000, there was no increase in the subsidy."
"The November 7 news release will restore the Quebec Day Care Fee of $8.25, eliminating the surcharge for all income earners."
This new fee in Nunavik will be applied through the Kativik All Communities Government Program in Nunavik for child welfare.
"According to the Quebec News Release, this new fee will be for this year, and the Montreal Gazette reported that this will be effective January 1, 2019."
"As of last week, the head of the Early Childhood Services Centre of Municipal Government, Julie-Anne Beattie, had not been informed as to how or when these payments would start in Nunavik."
Premier Francois Legault’s government first proposed a phased-in approach to reducing the need for additional resources and eliminating it completely by 2022.
A healthy economy and an emerging fiscal surplus of $4 billion for the 2019/20 fiscal year accelerates the process.
"As well as removing payments for child care, the Quebec Government is moving forward with a child tax increase that was promised to be in place in 2021."
"Effective January 2020, the Government of Quebec announced that families here will receive an increase of $779 per year."
"This subsidy is attached to the income threshold, with a minimum credit of $1,000 to a maximum of $2,515 per year."
"The new Act on Child Equality is less than the Liberals are able to waive the Northern Allowance for the eldest child."
"“Today, we will complete the implementation of various measures to help the people of Quebec,” Jarrett says."
“We are giving money back to Quebec a lot quicker.”
Former Nunavut MLA Peter Kattuk dies after long illness
“Peter was well respected for his efforts in providing services and environmental support”
"Sanikiluaq's opera has been erected in front of the Nunavut Bar on Wednesday, November 20, the evening, in memory of former MLA and former Minister Peter Kattuk, who passed away on the morning of a long illness."
"The Sanikiluaq Community Infrastructure was erected on Wednesday, November 20 in front of the Nunavut Justice Centre in Iqaluit, in honour of Peter Kattuk of Sanikiluaq, who died that morning after a long illness."
"Mr. Kattuk, 69, a respected member of the Legislative Assembly, the Maoyak and the community leader's home, became a member of Nunavut's inaugural Assembly on February 15, 1999, when voters from Hudson Bay voted for this first Nunavut Legislative Assembly and the group held its first meeting on Assembly."
"Peter Kautuq (left) joined former Nunavut Commissioner Peter Irniq on April 12, 2000, when Mr. Kattuk was sworn in as Nunavut's Minister."
"At the beginning of the Assembly, Mr. Kattuk was appointed Minister of Culture, Language, Elders & Youth on April 12, 2000 to replace Member Donald Havioyak, who resigned from his position."
"On December 17, 2001, Mr. Kattuk was transferred from his portfolio to the Minister of Community and Government Services, having held the portfolio until 2004."
"And in 2004, Sanikiluaq voters re-elected Mr. Kattuk for Hudson Bay, as an MLA until 2008."
"“Peter was the representative of Hudson Bay for eight years in two elections and his family is in my thoughts,” Nunavut Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a news release."
"Born on June 2, 1950, Mr. Kattuk spent many years in Sanikiluaq on environmental issues, serving as mayor and community leader."
"In the early 1990s, he was a member of the Sanikiluaq Impact Review Board, which locally collects known impacts on the huge hydro infrastructure built near Northern Quebec due to the impact of ice and marine life on the Belcher Islands."
The result was a report titled “Hudson Bay Tapes: A Cultural Knowledge of Inuit and First Nations in the Hudson Bay Area.”
"As Mayor of Sanikiluaq, Mr. Kattuk also spoke in protest at the now decommissioned Churchill Power Plant Water Stop Proposal."
"Later Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut-Hudson Bay Working Group, which was called the Nunavut Hudson Bay Neighbours Association."
"This group, formed by the Government of Nunavut, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and the Hamlet of Sanikiluaq, is monitoring what is happening in the Sanikiluaq area for phase 2 of the Hydro Moratorium Application, which has been stalled since then, between the Eastmain and Rupert rivers."
"And in 1996, Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut Social Services Board, an organization set up in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement."
"Peter Kautuqtuq spoke to the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on February 19, 2008, near the end of his second term as Member for Hudson Bay."
"Kunuk Tattuinee, President of the Arctic Co-operatives Limited, remembers that Mr. Kattuk was “doing a lot of things,” taking this seafood from Sea Urchins from Sanikiluaq."
"This is Paul Okalik, when Nunavut was Premier, appointed Mr. Kattuk as Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth in April 2000, saying that Mr. Kattuk had incorporated Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit before he knew much about it."
"“Peter was involved in the study of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit quite a while before that without much information,” Mr. Okalik said in a press release in April 2000."
"Before he was Employment Minister in 2001, Mr. Kattuk had to deal with the “rusty” humour."
That’s what happened with NTCL bringing gasoline into Nunavut and causing damage to snowmobile engines in the Baffin and the Keewatin.
"During his time in charge, Mr. Kattuk did something else: the Government of Nunavut's decision not to use NTCL and redirect the supply to Woodward's Partners in Labrador."
"He ran for re-election in October 2017, but came in third after Allan Rumbolt."
"“Peter was well respected for his dedication to technical services and environmental initiatives,” Mr. Mikkungwak said in a statement."
"Nunavik’s new MLA says he will apply for housing funding to implement UNDRIP (United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples)"
Sylvie Frobisher hopes to visit in the New Year and look for an Inuktitut interpreter
Member of the Legislative Assembly Sylvie Frobisher won the Appati-James Bay-Nunavik Medal in the October federal election.
(Picture by Sylvie Frobisher/Facebook)
The newly elected Member of the Legislative Assembly for Nunavik would like to hear from Inuit leaders about their concerns.
Member of the Legislative Assembly Sylvie Frobisher won the Cumberland-James Bay-Nunavik Nomination in last fall’s federal election by 37.7 percent of the vote.
"When Black Quebec members of the Legislative Assembly speak more French, he said that he was looking for an Inuktitut interpreter to work with."
"“I want to be very clear about the needs of Aboriginal communities,” he says."
"To date, Mr. Prubie mentioned two very important urgent needs in Northern Quebec that he knows about health and housing."
"Health is a provincial jurisdiction, but it is a federal subsidy, says Mr. Prubie."
"In order to increase the Health Care Subsidy Program, the federal government must be mindful of how they allocate their funding."
Papoosie has been working on health issues for over 30 years.
"Mr. Speaker, when Black Quebec was campaigning, the Government of Nunavut stated that the provinces needed 10,000 housing units over the next decade."
"In this case, Mr. Prubie is talking about different designs."
"“If we want this new Liberal Government to move forward, then it is up to us to find solutions,” Mr. Pavey says."
"Although this new member is not a familiar face to Nunavik, he is hoping to attend the next Annual General Meeting of Makivik, which will be held in March."
"Following the election of Mr. Papoosie, Makivik President Charlie Ford issued a news release inviting Mr. Papoosie to visit Nunavik as soon as possible."
"“I look forward to meeting with him, and we welcome his support in our endeavours in business support and things like implementing Jonathan Nason’s Charter of Rights for Indigenous Peoples,” Ford says."
In consultation with Inuit leaders it would be helpful in their work to help with Makivik's efforts in the private sector.
"Mr. Pompeo is a strong supporter of Bill C-262, which would bring the Canadian Charter of Rights to Indigenous Peoples."
"There are two different pieces of legislation that his successor, NTI MLA Romeo Sarganas."
"Introduced in 2018, Act C-262 was suspended by the Conservative Party this spring but the Liberal Government Representative from the Senate Chamber, Senator Peter Harter, said that if he is re-elected the Liberal Government will have to implement the legislation."
"“It is important for me to continue working on Bill C-262 in accordance with the Canadian Constitution of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and the work of my predecessor, Romeo Kaganash,” Mr. Says."
“I will continue to support this project and I would like to assist Romeo in future endeavours.
It is unacceptable that Canada does not have this system in place by 2020.”
Trudeau Gov. 2.0: Don't expect too much
“If you have good ideas, don’t expect too much.”
"Jane Webatt was then the Minister of Aboriginal Services on March 23, 2018, along with ITK President Nathan Obed, when she announced that the federal government would abolish the Inuit land by 2030."
Not a year ago, he resigned from the Federal Government Council.
Did you find that during the federal election campaign or any of the premiers didn’t really talk about the issues of Nunavummiut and other northern stakeholders?
That is not amazing.
"The more important legal professions seem to think that the majority of Canadians, because they are in the south, are not enough to vote even if they are talking about northerners that a majority of Canadians have never heard of."
"The Liberal Government made this known as a failure of the Northern Strategy a day before the campaign began."
"During the campaign period, aboriginal issues, many of which overlap northern issues, were not addressed."
"Given the new shrinkage of Justin Toronto’s new government, and the Board of Governors was sworn in to their duties last November 20, it is hoped that they will continue to do so without much hesitation."
Here are some of the indicators.
It is about one of the most obvious promises made to the North since the Toronto Government took office in 2015: eliminate at least 50% of cases of tuberculosis in the North by 2025 and completely eliminate it by 2030.
"This included an initial contribution of $27.5 million over five years, which will be “set up” by four members of ITK."
"But it was promised that it smells like a broken promise, starting with this, the former TB Chief Federal Officer, Jane Weblett, the former Aboriginal Services Minister made that statement."
He resigned from Trudeau's legal team on March 4th in protest of Trudeau's inappropriate conduct with Jody Wilson-Ripple.
This incident occurred less than four days before Trudeau was scheduled to travel to Iqaluit to apologise for Canada's inappropriate treatment of people suffering from tuberculosis in the 1950s and 1960s.
"Since then, they have remained silent on the issue of TB."
"Even though they ran for office, there was not much attention paid to that."
"And to date, efforts to eradicate tuberculosis have stalled."
"For example, in the Northwest Territories, where tuberculosis occurred between 2006 and 2016 and was recorded as 248.5 people out of every 100,000. Health officials have conducted only one community in Nunavut."
"This is what happened in Nairn, in 2018, when we had tuberculosis outbreaks and there was a 14-year-old boy who died as a result of this illness while at the hospital in Jane Johns."
"In Nunavik, 313 people were diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, which is accompanied by tuberculosis in the Inuit homeland, 234 cases out of 100,000 cases."
"However, in all communities it does not appear that there have been any studies done in Nunavik since 2018, when Mr. Webbot made the report."
"Indeed, in Nunavut not too long ago there was a population study done after tuberculosis outbreak, when Stephen Harper and the Conservative Party were in office, well before Trudeau’s Liberals were elected."
"For Nunavut alone, there were approximately 670 people diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, bringing it to 171.8 out of every 100,000 and there has been work done on it."
(One area that has not been affected is the Inuvialuit region of the Northwest Territories.
"At that time, no cases of tuberculosis were reported between 2007 and 2016.)"
Tuberculosis is a disease that is lacking in resources.
That’s why it’s brought up.
But it is true.
"If people do not have adequate food and housing, tuberculosis can develop."
"Another thing in mind, poverty in Cape Dorset, in this case the 12-week TB study ended in May."
In 2016 the unemployment rate was approximately 27.3 percent.
"In 2015, people aged 15 and over made a little over $18,933."
"Out of the 370 units, 120 units were in dire need of repair."
"Under the National Overcrowding Rate, 140 units out of 370 units were classified as “unavailable” by the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation Act."
This means that there are not enough bedrooms per household.
There are a few people in Canada who are not provided with housing.
"Unsurprisingly, over the last 20 years, tuberculosis has been declared an emergency for Nunavut and other parts of the North."
It is not to think that tuberculosis could be eradicated in these communities unless significant changes have been made to increase the number of units and make them better.
"However, during the last campaign, Trudeau’s lawyers did not offer public housing, but they were reiterating their 2016 and 2017 operating commitments."
"In this case, they can’t even be charged for violating their language, nor did they have any concerns about that."
"This also reflects the results of the National Pandemic Emergency, where tuberculosis rates in the North are 300 times higher than those of non-Inuit born in Canada."
"In Nunavut, it might be worse."
Last year’s report revealed that one in every 100 infants born in Nunavut may have this disease.
"Given that they are not overly concerned about urgent health issues, what are the concerns of the Trudeau Liberal Government about other issues such as mental health, community housing, education and so on?"
"If you think carefully, don't expect too much."
"If you don't, you are prepared to go bankrupt."
"Note: The number of active cases of tuberculosis stemming from ITK Canada’s “Inuit Tuberculosis Eradication Campaign,” released in November 2018."
The Cape Dorset details are from Statistics Canada’s report collected during the 2016 census.
New Year will focus on new policing and resources for Nunavik Police
Officers and use of body cameras have been installed.
The Kativik All Communities Policing Division will launch a new RCMP and surveillance system in early 2020.
(Photographer Elaine Ashoomi)
"After months of inadequate staffing, Kativik Community Constables can see the efforts of additional RCMP officers,"
The Chief Superintendent of Police Jean-Pierre Lopez went to the council to update the Kativik Municipal Government Meeting on November 26 on the progress to date.
This included the graduation of 10 new Katimajiit Community Constables from the Ontario Police College in the same week.
Staffing also included the opportunity for former employees who have dropped out of old age to talk to them about working in the Katimajiit.
"Due to the lack of adequate staffing, the Kativik Community Constable has been assigned to the Quebec Royal Canadian Mounted Police, from Sjerrett du Québec, as alternates."
"In September, 20 Quebec police officers were stationed in Nunavik."
"The Quebec Police Service has been decreasing slowly as the Kativik Community Constables are recruiting RCMP officers, and Lopez indicated that by early 2020, they may no longer be using the Quebec Police Officers."
Cultural Awareness Skills Program begins
The Inuit Societal Values Training Centre (ASIST) All Communities Constables Network became online on November 18.
"The Skills Development Workshop was organized by the Kativik Society of All Communities (RCMP) and Laval University and includes information about Nunavik, Inuit, Culture, and Policing Practices here in Nunavik."
"This is a three-hour training program. Once completed, it is evaluated by a new trainee, which is identified as a candidate."
"“This training is to assist the Kativik Community Constables in choosing a culture of opinion,” Mr. Lopez says."
"The second training program is nine hours long and requires all RCMP officers to practice, says Mr. Lopez."
This project is expected to be completed by the new fiscal year.
Cameras to be used by RCMP officers
Another addition that was added to the RCMP and applauded by members was the need to have cameras in place for the officers’ work.
They are using six cameras right now.
"“This project was initiated by the Nunavik residents’ desire to have the Kativik Community RCMP more visible in their work,” Mr. Lopez says."
“The Kativik Community Constable Program aims to ensure that Inuit can be approached and socialized.”
Churchill Councillor Jobie Takkiapik was hopeful that the cameras would help people who have had problems with the RCMP.
“We hear about the RCMP being treated unfairly and they don’t want to say anything.
"They are alarmed by the RCMP,” Takijapik says."
“The CT scanner has to be used.”
"He went on to say that if only one or two RCMP officers mistreated Inuit, this has a profound impact, and concerns the whole RCMP."
"The idea is that the CCTV system, which tracks what the RCMP is doing, can be used in the near future."
Mr. Lopez indicated that the cameras would be in place by January.
He goes on to say that bad behaviour and inappropriate actions will not be tolerated by the RCMP.
"“I recently laid off an RCMP officer last week due to not following our mandate in Nunavik,” he says."
“We don’t want excessive police force in Nunavik.”
Neighbours of Nunavut discuss renewable energy in the North
"Representatives from Greenland, Canada and Jonathan Styles discuss ideas and observations"
"Bruno Pereira, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation presents the Northern Empowerment and Communities Summit in Iqaluit, November 22, 2019."
(Picture from the United States Consulate General)
Renewable energy experts from the North met in Iqaluit on November 21 and 22 to discuss their ideas and experiences with the North.
"Delegates from Nunavut, the Yukon, Northwest Territories, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, Greenland and Jonathan Styles spoke about the difficulties faced by different jurisdictions."
"The gathering, called Optimizing Operations, Intergrating New Technologies and Engaging Stakeholders (Improving Operations, Incorporating New Technologies and Engaging Stakeholders), was developed by U.S. presidents in cooperation with the Government of Nunavut and Nunavut."
"Bruno Pereira, President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation, said that the gathering was an indication of the problems."
"“In terms of wanting to adopt renewable energy in our communities, we would really like to know what other people do, and to find out how they have accomplished their jobs or their downfalls,” Pereira says."
"Mr. Pereira also said that while it is very important to get representatives together to discuss fuel efficiency measures, Nunavut has a number of activities going on here in Alaska."
“Some communities have access roads so they are not in the Inuit communities of Nunavut.
"But like we do they have challenges, in terms of space, being able to work in the community, so we can see people with similar disabilities.”"
"Chris Rose, Executive Director of Renewable Energy Programs in Alaska, said the Alaska Energy Subsidy Program has helped foster renewable energy development."
“We were able to build 80 communities that have been able to use renewable energy on top of diesel diesel diesel.
"So we think that we now know what the benefits are,” Rose says."
"This program, designed to promote renewable economic development programs, helps Alaskans in the area of lower energy costs."
"Mr. Rose mentioned that in Russia South West, the five communities are working together to develop windmills and they are now using them for energy purposes."
"“Now there is an integrated knowledge of how to operate and maintain windmills and they can help each other with installing them,” Mr. Rose says."
"In Alaska, like Nunavut, home energy bills are very expensive."
Mr. Rose said that the communities using windmills are not just for power but also for furnaces.
“What they have done is they put small furnaces into people’s houses and they are surrounded by diamonds that look like carpeting.
"When the winds get warmer, they go into the power heaters, and they have put in place a small amount of information that the boilers and the Power Corporation will notice,” Mr. Rose says."
"“They are surrounded by heat suppression, which keeps the building warm."
"They can be turned off or set on fire to a home’s satisfaction, and if they get stuck, they can use another heating system.”"
"But in Greenland, the installation of windmills has been a difficult task, as far as News Corp. Eric Hagowski, a technology specialist in recycling in Nuuk."
"Extreme cold and long daylight make it difficult for winds in the south to be made from the north, says Mr. Havioyak."
"Mr. Haqvist also said that two wind turbines were successfully installed in another location in North Greenland, but they failed."
“We can also say that in Greenland, we have been more proactive in accessing the resources that are available.
"There are even two wind turbines that have been installed in 200 different locations and one in 150 locations being tested,” he says."
"One of the windmills fell off his arm, but on the other hand, the fuel truck was too thick for the cold and caused engine breakdowns, Mr. Hakvik says."
"During the 2019 federal election campaign, three political parties announced that if elected, NTCL would be phased out by 2030."
"While it may take some time to develop recycling programs that will work in the North, Mr. Havioyak said moving away from fossil fuels is an urgent matter."
"“We have to do something to get rid of fossil fuels, because of climate change, because of course there is something wrong now."
This is for the Department of Justice because when you are not using fossil fuels you have to have a program but there is no money.
"Having the money is a good job, he says."
Mr. Pereira said it was an exciting experience in talking to neighbouring Nunavut residents in the North.
"“I think that’s something that needs to be looked at in other ways to start working towards recycling."
Some Inuit have used the technology and had problems with southern professionals but they can’t do it in the North.
"Once we have the financial capacity we will be able to track the deficiencies,” Mr. Barriault says."
The Government of Nunavut should involve Inuit in the development of the Education Act: NTI
“This is an important policy change that will affect many Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut.”
"Aluki Kuuttiq, President of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, speaks before the Standing Committee on Legislation during its consideration of Bill 25, an Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act."
"By Aluki Kuuttiq President, Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated"
Subject: Minister Joanasie’s Letter to Nunatsiaq News Article on Bill 25 Consultations
"Minister Joanasie wrote in an article published in Nunatsiaq News on November 25, 2019 concerning discussions between the Department of Education and Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated on Bill 25, indicating that these consultations were conducted in good faith and offered to NTI with ample opportunity to voice their concerns."
The Minister sees his invitation to NTI for the public meetings and NTI hearings that the Government of Nunavut sees as having worked closely with the previous meetings.
That is not the case.
"Inuit have the right under Article 32 of the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to participate in the development of social and cultural policies, as well as the development of social and cultural programs and services, including governance."
It is a different foundation.
Bill 25 proposes amendments to the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act to establish the policies and administration of Inuit language instruction.
This fundamental policy change will impact many Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut.
"In this case, the Inuit Right to Participate in the development and design process."
NTI was not given an opportunity to participate in the development of policy proposals outlined in the proposed Bill 25.
"Not only does it violate the Government’s mandate outlined in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, its history demonstrates that the working relationship has achieved the goal of implementing legislation that better incorporates Inuit goals and objectives."
"NTI has been working with the Government of Nunavut, such as the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Official Languages Act and the Wildlife Act."
"Knowing that it could work, NTI contacted the Premier and shortly after the election of the Government to coordinate working together and collaborating on Inuit priorities, including education, language and culture."
"The Department of Education did not submit the proposed legislation to NTI until August 31, 2018, at which time the department provided a list of planned community consultations."
NTI was given less than a week to review Bill 25 and prepare and prepare for the Nunavut consultation tour.
This is not a working relationship.
"The department coordinated consultations in the short term, and did not seek solutions or accommodations to concerns raised by the public, NTI and other organizations such as the District Education Authority (DEA) and the Coalition of Nunavut District Education Authorities (CMDEA) were also present."
"I further urge the Minister of Education to ensure that the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement's clear mandate is fulfilled under Article 32, and that the department must operate with good intent, obligations and obligations and embrace the dignity of the Queen when it comes to partnering with the public."
"NTI’s belief that rewriting the Education Act by enacting Inuit participation in the BIP framework should change the way the department operates, and in general recognize human rights."
Aluki Kuuttiq
"President, NTI Inc."
